do not agree with the opinion expressed this morning in the House that the change of government in Spain has led to the new climate created .
And combating this enemy , which has many tentacles and which kills in a merciless and brutal manner , does not involve a normal war , it is not a traditional war , but it is – and there is not the least doubt of this – an unequal and criminal war against societies built upon principles such as freedom and democracy .
I must clarify that I am not against an international day against terrorism , nor a European day against terrorism .
But the truth is the truth – whether it is expressed by Agamemnon or his swineherd – and Mr Ortuondo , before launching into assertions and giving advice to others , should take a look at his own house , because , whether he likes it or not , the only politician responsible – and when I use the word responsible in this context I have serious doubts about a person who brings together an anti-constitutional project which is intended to destroy the unity of Spain – has been the President of the autonomous government , from his own party .
Two years incommunicado because of torture !
As well as the fact that the use of fishing quotas was very low and was far from achieving the value expected for fishing opportunities , only four Member States could and can fish within the framework of this Agreement : the United Kingdom , Germany , France and Denmark .
I believe that , in reality , the central debate in relation to this issue is whether the Commission only plays a facilitating role or whether , since we are talking about a Community fisheries agreement , it must ensure the best possible level of use of fishing opportunities which , as I have said , have been acquired and paid for from Greenland by the Community , within the framework of this Fisheries Agreement .
Mr Vitorino , I would ask you to communicate to Commissioner Fischler that he should go ahead with his proposal , because it is reasonable , fair , equitable and in accordance with the principles of good governance , which the Court of Auditors called for so strongly , favouring the mutual interests of Greenland and the European Union , and , above all , it is a Europeanist proposal , since it protects the common European interest , unlike the current Miguélez Ramos report , which is anti-Community , since it prevents the Commission from directly defending the common interest of all the Member States in re-allocating unused quotas and obliges it to give in to the desire of certain States which do not use those quotas to negotiate bilaterally .
The authorities currently lack the resources to verify the origin of at least a million vehicles registered every year .
There are naturally clear links between the two communications – in relation to asylum , that of 2003 , and the next Commission communication – and your report and today 's debates will greatly enhance the work we are carrying out within the Commission and which we will present shortly .
Within this context , we could offer to relieve some of the pressure on receiving countries , offering places for resettling refugees within the European Union .
As draftsman of the opinion for the Committee on Development and Cooperation , I am pleased that the improvement of asylum systems and the possible establishment of a common European system is not being carried out from a policing point of view , but also by taking account of political aspects and the development and human rights problems which are at the root of both asylum applications and the mass economic migration which is sometimes disguised as asylum .
It will put an end to the peculiar situation of administrating the aid to these countries by means of two different systems and we will thereby be able to increase the efficiency of the funds .
The Council has not yet adopted a definitive position on the issue and the choice between budgetisation or EDF remains open .
This is an issue which affects not just this proposal , but a whole series of other proposals relating to the air sector .
Specifically , a few weeks ago , one of the countries of the European Union , within the framework of the SAFA programme , which now exists within the context of the ECAC , detected serious deficiencies in a third country airline and has denied it access to its airports .
As the honourable Member has said quite rightly and as we all know , there are very positive elements in the document from a technical point of view , and it is therefore worthwhile ensuring that it goes ahead .
With this proposal we will be able to establish , as well as the current system , which does not theoretically allow for any type of negotiation of those rights , the clarification of how those rights can be negotiated within a transparent system , bearing in mind that there are public service aspects clearly associated with the use of those slots in different airports .
Once we have defined what it consists of , perhaps we will be able to establish that the holder negotiates this public asset , or this right , for an undefined or limited period .
Only three of the usual hard-workers of the ‘House’ are here – in the end , it is always the same people who find ourselves in these discussions – but they are three very important people with whom I have worked and collaborated over all these years wonderfully well , to provide enormous impetus for the European air sector , including , amongst other things , the ‘Single Sky’ , certain aspects of safety , the Air Safety Agency , the rights of passengers and slots