We are therefore clearly dealing with two gender diseases .
We have often met to talk about women in the middle of the night , and with you in the chair I believe .
There are certain issues the report should have dealt with in more depth , and which relate in particular to sexual and reproductive health , as many speakers have already said .
The European Union-China dialogue on human rights is a good instrument for doing this , but I fear that it is clearly being underused .
We would therefore call upon the Commission , the Council and the Member States to make it clear to the Syrian authorities that the agreement we are currently negotiating must include clear clauses on human rights , as established by the Euro-Mediterranean Association .
The next step was what we know as the Lamfalussy report , after the person in charge of drawing it up , who , with a view to providing a solution , to adapting the speed of the procedure to the speed of the markets , proposed splitting the legislation into two levels .
In the event that boundaries were overstepped , in the event that the attorney did not keep to the limits of their mandate , we wanted a call-back .
Of the most controversial points in the European Commission ’s proposal , I would like to place the emphasis on the rotation of firms , auditors and partners , with a view to reducing the possibility of conflicts of interest between the auditors and the audited .
A further scandal leading to a loss of confidence in another large auditing firm could be fatal , not just for the company affected , but also for the stability of the system .
Our Institution does not believe that this situation of obscurantism should continue .
Finally , Mr President , for the sake of the necessary simplification and following an admirable period of patience on the part of this Parliament , the time has come to demand that the Commission present its model for regional agreements and , in particular , the tuna type of agreement .
I believe that this is an important Agreement for us and for the population of the Comoros and I therefore approve of its wording .
In any event , the Agreement is important for us and for the countries of this area and I would naturally like this approach to be taken with regard to other aspects .
Our wine is therefore produced by means of extremely ancient production methods which guarantee the high quality of the product .
The current negotiations in the World Trade Organisation offer a golden opportunity which we must not waste .
Amongst many other things , we are particularly worried about the issue of semi-generic designations ; we believe that it is they who have lost out most .
Our adversary in the negotiation has once again been paid in advance .
For all of these reasons , I believe that it is rather shameful that the European Union should surrender to the United States’ wishes as a result of threats .
It is very different , for example , to the great North American quadrilateral , which is enormously consistent , and it has great territorial diversity , which makes it very difficult to remain competitive compared to other similar territorial entities .
We believe that this opening up should be carried out in a regulated fashion and without jeopardising the economic viability and survival of pre-existing services of public interest .
Realities such as the Madrid-Paris Talgo or the high-speed lines , which are extremely popular with the Spanish citizens , are testimony to this enthusiasm for modernising the railways .
As shadow rapporteur , I must confess that I was totally astounded to discover that neither customers nor companies wanted this type of legislation .
In any event , I still believe that the Commission ’s proposal for opening up is the most pragmatic and realistic , provided that it is part of a general framework of creating a European area of transport , in which the railway competes with other modes of transport under equal conditions .
If you will allow me , I shall not waste time – time which I do not have – saying the usual things .
I believe that , when preparing for the future , we must also take account of the present , since the fleet is already in a desperate situation and we are not convinced by the short-term measures indicated at the last Council of Fisheries Ministers .
The temporary halts of the FIFG have not been designed to deal with this kind of crisis , because the governments , furthermore , have already allocated their funds and reprogramming is problematic .
As well as creating distortions in the market and problems with the rules on State aid , it opens the way to possible increases in consumption and future rises in the barrel price .
We must move towards a new energy model by means of innovation in transport , the development of technologies for decarbonisation and diversification and the development of renewable resources , and also by means of stable and lasting international cooperation .     .
We have not even been able to produce a minimal definition of the act of terrorism with which the international community could agree .
I therefore very much fear that the negotiation on defining the Council’s mandate , its members and the method of election is being seriously delayed .
For all of these reasons , I must call on the Council and the Commission from now on to have the courage and daring to defend these principles by means of concrete measures and , as Mr Schmidt has said , an action plan that clearly defines what the European Union’s position should be , so that we do not –