Now , because the strain is continually mutating , we would ask the Commission what it intends to do as regards prevention , because – as some Members rightly stated before me – we always spring into action after the emergency arises .
I believe , in fact , that it is of the utmost importance that the Centre is operational as soon as possible in order to guarantee the health monitoring and the rapid alert system which must be provided by the Union in order adequately to tackle the challenges brought about by its imminent enlargement and by a globalised world which is increasingly unprotected against the spread of diseases still unknown to us : SARS in 2003 and the very recent bird flu are specific examples .
I was a little younger than I am toady ; by the sea I met a young Bahamian who said to me : ‘ I hear that you will become a Member of the European Parliament and I will be Co-Presidentof the Joint Parliamentary Assembly’ . ‘So , be sure’ , I said to him , ‘to think about pensioners , also the pensioners of the Member States that you will represent , and remember to set up a Committee on Social Affairs and the Environment’ .
He said ‘ I am running so that I arrive to present my report before the collapse of Parmalat in Italy .
What are the possible solutions ?
We have seen the results of Cancún , and we have seen how the talks at Geneva have been resumed .
This is a reaction to the process of globalisation of the planet with the far-reaching and ever-faster changes that it entails .
The strength to meet these challenges  – our strength  – lies solely in our Union .
Before going into the detail of some of today’s decisions , I want to explain the spirit that drives us and the procedures we followed .
There are many instances , in the life of the EU , where EUR 25 spent together is worth more than one euro spent in each of 25 countries .
We are , therefore , also proposing a budgetary structure that can respond more flexibly to new and unforeseen circumstances .
Furthermore , it is a question of justice because no one can be asked to participate in a joint project without being given the opportunity of keeping in step with growth .
This is a very important proposal , which changes the hierarchy in the Union budget : we are now in a position to promote the competitiveness of European businesses by exploiting the fact that they are already operating in a market with no internal borders .
The Union must work together with the national governments to guarantee the same level of human rights , security , protection and quality of life across its territory .
The time has , however , come to shoulder the responsibilities that this entails in a mature way .
All over the world there are people that see in us a hope for peace and a wise and balanced force .
We cannot disappoint these expectations ; we must overcome our differences and , together , propose the model that we have fine-tuned in the course of 50 years of the Union’s existence .
It is on this basis that we have acted with rigour , determination and clear intent to review expenditure which , by limiting payments to an average of 1.15 % of GDP , leaves us sufficient margin to be able to work calmly .
To give you just one example , we propose to reduce the measures currently used in the field of external relations from more than 100 to six , each one dedicated to a specific political and operational area .
That being said , I must , as a young Vice-Chairman of the Committee on Budgets , certainly be anxious and express my fears for agriculture , culture , the TEN projects , technology , research , the universities and all the programmes that we launched and announced so enthusiastically .
Thanks to the Commission and its Sapir report , we know how much we really need to change the priorities of our investments and our budget to be competitive and to give Europe the hopes and objectives that Mr Prodi referred to .
The second doubt concerns the timing .
We have made choices that are coherent , precise and dramatically different from those of Lisbon : we have placed , within the context of an extremely ambitious draft budget , appropriations for the area of justice , which is one of the major areas of the Union – it was not by chance that I referred to it as one of the Union’s three lines of action – that is to say funds are to increase by almost 200 % from EUR 1 billion in 2006 to EUR 3.6 billion in 2013 .
I assure you that the procession of the six ambassadors who brought me the 1 % letter resembled more than anything a funeral cortege , and it is clear that this makes no sense in a Europe that must react , that must go forward , that has enormous responsibilities for everyone .
It is clear that none of the decisions taken today will become operative under this term , we are well aware of that .
That is why we are asking that the Commission , when presenting the third report on economic and social cohesion on 18 February , clearly sets out its own proposals for protecting the industrial sector and , in particular , the iron and steel industry in the context of its new cohesion policy due to commence from 1 January 2007 .
Furthermore , because of its activities in Italy , Thyssen Krupp has received Community aid on the grounds that Terni , where the