excluded in this way from knowing quite simply what is in the texts that are being adopted ?
I should like to ask Mr de Silguy where he can find any economic theorists who suggest that a country which has oil revenues should respond in the same way as one with an energy deficit if the price of oil is halved or doubled .
One may be in favour of a centrally determined economic policy , but then all the policy instruments must be in place .
There may be Member States which have a different view from mine and that of the Commission , so problems may arise along the way .
What I can promise is that we in the Commission will ensure that things are ready so that it is possible to have the political discussions , and my own position is that we should achieve the highest possible limits , so that the countries do not have to reduce their standards .
I share the questioner 's concern at these problems , and that is why the Commission is actively tackling the matter .
Let me make one or two further comments as regards the TACIS projects .
This entails expenditure of ECU 3 million .
In addition , there are plans for an assessment of the management and storage of spent fuel in the region , including transport facilities , the development of a radioactive waste management policy for the region , and work of a more general kind to train staff in the management of radioactive waste .
The Commission is therefore active in this sector , and is naturally also seeking to cooperate with other interested parties in the area .
Thank you for that very good answer .
I am also very pleased with the way in which this is to be done .
I am slightly concerned about the development of the eco-label .
I have heard that the Danish Government - and it may be that other governments will do the same - now wishes to endorse a different eco-label .
I really cannot have anything against this , but on the other hand I do not think that the consumer will be better off if there are several different kinds of eco-label .
Do you think that this is possible ?
One of the better known is a label which operates extremely well in Germany in particular , and then there is the Scandinavian eco-label with a swan which has been mentioned .
It has simply taken too long for any proposals to go through .
It is my hope that when we have these improved arrangements , it will also mean that there is clearer guidance for consumers .
First of all , I should like to say that I am grateful for that answer , and then I would stress that I am amazed that the Commissioner can now say that she personally is pleased that this is being published .
Is it not correct that it was the Commissioner herself and the Commission in general who insisted that this declaration should be kept secret ?
I should like to ask what the Commission 's position is , generally speaking .
Does the Commissioner believe that , whatever position she might state now , it would be backed by the Commission as a whole ?
I find it sad that I cannot even get an answer to questions that are put in writing , but I should be glad to have a clear statement here from the Commissioner by way of a follow-up .
I honestly think that the questioner was given a very clear answer the first time .
That is what was done .
Moreover , I would entirely stand by what I said in my first answer , namely that we in the Commission naturally wish to adhere to the terms of the code of conduct which we have agreed with Parliament .
Let me add to the more general information on the risks to health and the environment connected with the use of ammunition containing depleted uranium by saying that when it comes to the question of risks in terms of radiological toxicity , this must be distinguished from the chemical toxicity of the material , which is comparable to that of lead , though it may be much greater .
Here , the main risk is associated with the particles which are produced by heat and friction at the moment of impact of a missile .
The risk attached to exposure to these particles is therefore determined more by the low radiological toxicity of depleted uranium than by its chemical toxicity .
I shall not go into further detail on this question , but simply say that we shall of course continue to monitor the issue .
Mr President , could I suggest a speech of welcome to be made by the President-in-Office of the Council , Mr Bruton , at the extra summit meeting in Dublin ?
There are now 21 392 regulations , directives and other legal acts which apply to our citizens .
How are we to make democracy work for ordinary people , when I cannot find out the legal situation in a sector without expert assistance ?
Laws on the same subjects must be codified and made transparent and accessible , so that we can all find our way around them and pick things out .
The newspapers write that secret protocols are still being drawn up which say something different from the laws that are published .
We shall never be able to defend secret decisions .
The Council 's debates and votes on Community legislation must be opened up .
I suggest that we back the European Parliament 's proposal to open up the meetings and provide automatic access to documents , unless there is a two-thirds majority and sound practical reasons for not doing so