perspective , in an interinstitutional agreement .
The Chinese authorities must respect the principles of democracy , good governance and human rights in their relations with Africa .
I also welcome the statement by Mr Mate that exemption from the visa requirement must apply to all citizens of the European Union and not all Member States , and that is quite a difference .
Then we come to the Electronic System of Travel Authorisation and the protection of personal data .
I am really not entirely reassured that that has been properly organised .
To my mind , this is a typical case for parliamentary scrutiny .
At the very end it is simple : EU border security is the ultimate responsibility of all Member States , and border controls must be operated in a spirit of sharing responsibilities and solidarity between Member States .
Member States underlined the importance of European solidarity in burden-sharing as the founding principles .
The discussion covered the potential of biomass from forests for energy supplies , particularly the second generation of biofuels , and the sustainability criteria for the use of biomass from forests .
Global warming can also affect the number of species .
Forests that are home to a wide range of species are replaced by plantations housing very few species .
Because animal feed prices have indeed gone up considerably recently and they will do so even more if we continue to take that attitude .
So that is also part of the problem , and that procedure needs to be quicker .
One remarkable thing is that all over the world the cultivation of genetically modified crops is on the increase , but only we in Europe are terribly scared about it .
In my view , the crux of this whole story is zero tolerance .
There is also another point .
Not as far as I am concerned .
There is a real risk of modified seeds blowing over from Monsanto to nearby traditional or organic farms , when the farmers do not want those weeds .
It makes for a realistic picture and fair competition .
The Chairman of the Trustees , Mr Gerrit Zalm , indicated recently in the European Parliament that he was open to suggestions and ready to put forward proposals on adapting the structure .
It is also very important that the interests of investors and of transparency should be considered too .
Only when he was in danger of losing power did he remember his earlier promises about land reform .
He can only make good that promise by violence and oppression .
That section abhorred the western decadence in their country during the time of the Pahlavi dynasty , who were driven into exile in the late 1970s after making Iran an extension of America and Europe .
It was a top-down rather than a bottom-up process .
The problems this causes cannot , in my Group 's view , simply be resolved by stationing a new body of European troops there .
Overdevelopment of the economy , rising unemployment , bitter complaints about high energy prices , for example : all of this leads to a degree of uncertainty , which will of course have an effect on the leading actors in the country .
Thank you . draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on Development . - ( NL ) Mr President , Commissioner , Burma in the wake of the disaster : paddy fields strewn with corpses , homeless survivors , relief organisations unable to enter the country .
Burma 's gas exports earn the country EUR 3 billion each year , yet the regime is now spending just EUR 5 million on emergency aid .
This kind of critical analysis is totally absent from the EU 's Annual Report on Human Rights in the World 2007 .
I would invite the Commission , therefore , to give the greatest possible commitment at multilateral level to the successful conclusion of the Doha Round .
Sport does indeed have an important social function , for example fighting problems such as racism .
It is very important , in my opinion , to create guidelines to which sporting organisations can commit themselves .
Thirdly - and this has already been said - there is the matter of reducing trafficking in human beings .
Specifically , we cannot support the idea of setting up a European police force for sport . on behalf of the PSE Group . - ( NL ) How much longer is at least one in ten of the MEPs ' assistants going to be working here without any social security protection , in a maze of different kinds of contracts that is totally unclear and gives rise to a suspicion of fraud ?
Certainly more clarity is needed , firstly on the allocation of staff and secondly on the removal of asbestos from the European Parliament buildings .
We gave the limited speaking time for our group to one of our Greek Members , who declared that the European Union cannot admit any new member , as it would be better to abolish the Union itself .
We support Mr Piecyk 's proposals , which are focused on useful elements like the environment , the protection of coastal regions , education and the quality of labour . in writing . - The European Parliament resolution on the Tobacco Fund proposes to extend agricultural subsidies on tobacco .
I have previously pressed for improvement in the implementation of this by means of agreements with the trade union , the European Transport Workers ' Federation .
This would mean that everyone earning a respectable income would lose his or her job and then the only people still working in that industry would be doing so based on the current terms and conditions of employment of Poland or Romania , for example .
