I support the protest action which has been taken here today .
I notice that , today , we are concluding this sitting with approximately fewer than 40 Members here to make decisions .
It is disgraceful .
In many schools around Europe , milk is provided free of charge to the pupils in order to meet their need for different forms of nutrition .
We therefore view the Commission ' s proposal concerning cofinancing as a step in the right direction .
For some years now , Sweden has been providing full cream milk instead of semi-skimmed milk , simply in order to meet the requirements for milk subsidies .
Europe is now facing a series of challenges requiring more money to be invested .
That is precisely why this decision was so extraordinarily important .
Personally , I am very glad that one of these projects in particular has been carried out , namely the permanent link across the Sound between Sweden and Denmark which is to be opened on time in just a few months .
It is , indeed , very worrying when these ventures are not taken seriously .
Money is forever being transferred to other projects which are obviously considered more important than this major European project .
When does the Commission think that the Nordic triangle and the other TEN projects will be complete ?
Mr President , I want to begin by cordially thanking the rapporteur and the Commission for the superb way in which they have handled this difficult but extremely important issue .
The development of information technology provides new opportunities to communicate and to disseminate information simply and cheaply .
The increased flow of information through Bulletin Board Systems , electronic mail and the Internet ought not to be subject to greater restrictions than traditional information channels and communication facilities .
Communication using computers should be viewed in the same way as any medium of communication .
That would be as absurd as making a café owner liable for monitoring what is said across the café tables .
E-commerce crime , or cyber crime as it is called , should , in my view , be combated by means of better working methods on the part of the police and not by means of legislation which is in danger of compromising basic democratic values .
Mr President , I want to begin by thanking the rapporteur for the committee responsible .
I also want to emphasise that it is important to view the agreement in its entirety .
In this connection , I would just mention , for example , the right of entry , the right of establishment , the opportunity to enter the labour market , the coordination of social security systems , the right of establishment for non-gainfully employed people and students , together with new opportunities for cross-border workers .
Moldova is a country where the community , or society , has abdicated responsibility in a number of areas .
Many have to wait for over a year for their money , and sometimes even longer .
At the same time , all the intelligence about people ' s exposure to extensive torture by the police , involving electric shocks and suffocation with the aid of plastic bags placed over the head , is a very serious source of concern .
We can do nothing other than support this country , Europe ' s very poorest .
We are already involved in two cases , through the High Representative for Bosnia-Herzegovina and through the EU' s participation in the UN' s transitional administration in Kosovo .
We are receiving more and more information about an unduly small proportion of the EU' s aid to Kosovo in fact going to practical reconstruction and an extremely large proportion of those resources we have allocated for the year 2000 being spent in other ways .
In order that the work can be executed quickly , and in the absence of a legal basis , the Council has so far chosen to take a decision on the measures within the framework of the common foreign and security policy .
If the Commission ' s proposal and the Council ' s wishes are to be complied with and a new budget item created , and if this is , moreover , to be provided with additional net financing , it will be necessary to consult Parliament and carry out a proper budget procedure .
We must therefore also clarify the way in which the budget is managed , together with the legal basis for the aid .
In an area like Kosovo , decisions cannot be made on operations which are to be delayed for a long time , because the situation may already have had time to change .
There are positive features to be mentioned .
The present proposal also contains a new budget item of EUR 27 million .
We must also focus on the needs of the Balkan peoples , but then it is the task of Parliament and of the other branches of the budgetary authority to find the technical solutions to the financing requirements .
To sum up , I think that we must now give more consideration to the quality of the operations .
The whole of this discussion shows how closely foreign and security policy is bound up with Parliament ' s role in , for example , the budgetary procedure .
In this regard , we must develop a model for guaranteeing that aid is put together correctly and transparently in accordance with our regulations and in such a way that it can also be examined and reviewed , as Mr Staes pointed out .
Rather , it is a question of taking Parliament seriously enough to find it actually embarrassing that there are only 70 Members here when we vote on important matters such as school milk or