Union has proceeded in leaps and bounds with its common security and defence policy .
Over and above this defence policy , we need to examine relations with the Union 's neighbours in order to ensure that no new divisions are created .
We want peace .
The will and the resolutions of the United Nations must prevail .
Safeguarding international stability , wiping out the threat of weapons of mass destruction and peace are common virtues ; they are what we are all striving towards and the countries of the European Union need a clear common policy along these lines .
First , the status of MEPs .
We hope that there will be agreement here too during our presidency .
We want the Greek Presidency to give extra momentum to the development of the Union .
The success of the European Union depends on it .
Mr President , the ambitious but nonetheless realistic programme of the Greek Presidency , which aims to breathe new life into basic policy areas of the European Union is , unfortunately , already overshadowed by the threat of war with Iraq , a war which has galvanised international public opinion which , as the President of the Commission pointed out , is not divided .
A military conflict will completely wipe out any hope of combating poverty , hunger , child malnutrition and the lack of medical care ; these are the problems which the millions of people who are victims of an autocratic regime and a harsh western policy have to live with .
Ladies and gentlemen , we have a saying in Greece ; you see who the good captains are in a storm and the European Union is fortunate to have at its helm a very able captain and an equally efficient crew , who have clearly demonstrated their courage , combined with caution , efficient management of national and European affairs and an inspired foreign policy which has made Greece a pole of stability in the problematic Balkan area , a pole that promotes dialogue and the resolution of differences by peaceful means .
I am positive that the Greek Presidency will meet the challenges and play its historic part .
We all know that Greece is a relatively small country .
However , the previous presidencies held by the same party , PASOK , when Andreas Papandreou was prime minister , did leave us one useful legacy : a fighting stance , which often went against the grain , on the question of peace .
I listened very closely to the prime minister 's speech and I should like to comment on three points which worry me .
I expect him to refer to this at greater length in his next speech .
Please do not put Mrs Diamantopoulou in the unenviable position of having to institute proceedings against Greece before the European Court .
However , I read in the international press today that the Commission is about to submit a report which concludes that Europe is losing its battle to acquire a more competitive economy in the world by 2010 .
And secondly : do you intend to apply policies that will help achieve the Lisbon objectives in all the Member States of the European Union , especially Greece ?
When we emerge from these vicissitudes , the entire world - and the European Union in particular - will be a different place , regardless of the outcome of the crisis .
I get the impression that many of us believe that we are living in a vacuum , in another world , immune from what is already happening and what is yet to come .
So do programmes .
I wish there were six instead of five , but I think that the sixth will be added in due course .
The rural population of the European Union will rise by 165 % and rural land by 43 % .
As far as Lisbon is concerned , two of the ten years have passed and little has been achieved , far less than the 20 % which should have been achieved by now .
What is certain is that , instead of closing , the competitiveness differential between our economy and the American economy , which is our main competitor , is now even wider .
Today you announced this in an ambitious voice .
Mr President , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , Mr President of the European Commission , ladies and gentlemen , while welcoming the fact that Greece has taken over the presidency , I should like to point out that it has done so at an historic moment in the development of the unique phenomenon which we refer to as European integration and which , among other things , has replaced the post-war division of our continent .
But we must not forget the southern Balkans , where rapprochement with the European Union started up some time ago under the stability and association process .
The plan for implementing the sustainable development strategy drawn up by the European Commission is already filling the vacuum between what we say and what we do , by way of legislation , to protect the environment and public health and encourage the application and mainstreaming of the environmental dimension in all our policies .
So it needs to shoulder its responsibilities at international level , which means pioneering efforts to achieve sustainable development through technology and science .
We expect an integrated policy to be developed and an integrated policy on illegal immigration to be developed .
I think the Thessaloniki Council needs to push on with the reform of the Treaties of the European Union .
We need a long-term policy .
The Convention has called for more Europe on numerous occasions and the Greek Presidency will put the finishing touches to this structure in Thessaloniki in June