to have got into the habit of celebrating Tuesday evenings here together - all the usual suspects , as we are on these issues .
It is important that we have transparency in the use of these .
I personally am a little afraid that we may have worked a bit too quickly and that we are in the process of developing quite a few hierarchies .
Our group came up with a proposal for a call back procedure .
There is still a proposal to send observers to the High Level Group .
We must look at how we can correct this before tomorrow .
On the one hand , there is the Anglo-Saxon tradition , characterised by laissez-faire and open market principles .
We reject them both and instead require the Commission to return with a proposal on this issue which deals with ways of protecting the interests and needs of employees and consumers in conjunction with the acquisition and takeover of major companies .
We accept that the electricity gained from incinerating that part of household waste which is biodegradable should be included in the national guiding targets .
In this regard the Council has reached a decision , but not understood its significance .
However , the outlook is not much better for the position of human rights in the world .
Human value is being violated on a daily basis , every minute individuals and groups are suffering various types of cruelty - torture , persecution , oppression .
The EU stands united in its criticism of the death penalty , whether used in dictatorships such as China , Iraq and Saudi Arabia or democracies such as the US.
However , these conditions do not prevail .
These regimes are doing so because they know that the Internet is making it increasingly difficult to oppress their people .
My group would like to thank Mr Wuori for an excellent report and the Belgian presidency for the support shown earlier for human rights .
This issue concerns the deepest values of millions of people and the whole basis for their lives .
Why are an increasing number of people of the Christian faith moving from this country ?
They are persecuted by Muslim Jihad fighters .
What a poor - and I mean poor - example this is for a large number of countries in Central and Eastern Europe , including the Czech Republic , as these countries are about to adopt new legislation .
We must use this unanimity to put maximum pressure on those countries which are now deciding the future of the Kyoto Protocol .
The European Union itself has a credibility problem because , as previous speakers have said , many of our Member States will not meet the requirements of the Kyoto Protocol , either .
Of course the EU' s credibility would also increase if we showed by our actions that we are prepared to meet the targets we set ourselves .
I believe this is important ahead of the meetings which we are about to have with other countries in order to decide the future of the Kyoto Protocol .
Many of us , including myself , see Belgium almost as our second home in that we live in Brussels during the week but go home , in my case to Sweden , at weekends .
Turkey also feels that it wants to be treated well and fairly .
We on the Committee on Budgets have reached agreement on most areas .
In addition , I am thinking of internal reform , especially the Commission ' s ability to actually implement the decisions of the budgetary authority .
In the face of this challenge , the EU' s ability to carry out its priorities must be strengthened considerably .
This is something that the Council must not change .
In this context , I would like to point out the view of the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development .
In this respect , we would like to postpone any further decision on our position until we have received more answers to our questions .
We must support proactive restructuring and test the possibility of creating funds for this under budget headings other than category 4 .
Following the development of the Lisbon Process at the Stockholm Summit , there is every reason to keep to this set of priorities .
They have presented the greatest difficulty in 2000 and 2001 .
These problems have not , of course , gone away .
Although there are major challenges ahead of us , I nonetheless believe that , with good will , we will be able to solve them together .
The positions are well known , and in a way it seems quite unnecessary to repeat the debate and decisions year after year .
If we look at them , it is hardly these countries which have experienced the greatest economic growth in the last decade .
It is almost inevitable .
Both these accidents had international environmental consequences .
The content of this waste and the extent of the problem are also not entirely clear .
In the main , we have decided , in our report , that things are moving in the right direction .
At the moment , there is a major lack of research into the management of mining waste .
The study means going through old mining waste and identifying cases of serious environmental problems .
The most important element of the Commission ' s proposal is the proposal for a new framework directive on mining waste .
I , as rapporteur , and the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Policy , believe that this is the right approach .
This directive should also contain a provision obliging the Member States to have legislation on the restoration of those locations which have been used for mining operations .
