Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , my main observation to the House regarding the Langen report concerns the clarification of the legal scope of the Commission 's proposal .
These directives cannot change the international order ; nor can they confer on suppliers and contractors from outside the European Union rights which operate to the disadvantage of suppliers and contractors in the Member States .
Mr President , it is well-known that there are many other special problems in the public works and procurement sector .
In Belgium a general committed suicide some time ago in connection with a similar circumstance .
Mr President , in my opinion Mr Seal has done an excellent job , as regards both the approach to the subject and his proposal that the common position be rejected .
I , too , offer support for rejection of the Council 's common position .
The Council 's common position appears unable to resolve any of the problems created in the European airport industry by the whole air transport liberalization policy .
It has ignored the social consequences and the proposals for worker representation on the user committee .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , allow me to say first of all that the common position of the Council is clearly better than the Commission proposal .
I say this because if the common position is rejected , no one can be sure that the Commission will want to bother with it again or that the Council will want to re-examine it .
That is what I wanted to say , and I think that we should concentrate on getting adoption for those amendments which genuinely improve the common position .
Having the Commissioner as our helper and ally will greatly assist the achievement of that .
I must mention the substantial assistance to the promotion of Parliament 's positions provided by the Commission , and by Commissioner Kinnock in particular , and the Italian Minister of Transport in his capacity as President-in-Office .
In the common position the Council has gone back on its word and thrown out of the window the political commitment entered into by the heads of state and government at the Essen European Council in 1994 concerning the 14 top priority projects .
It is not ours .
You will thus be asked , ladies and gentlemen , to decide according to your consciences and to take responsibility for approving or rejecting the common position in the full understanding that the European Union must not become an inter-state alliance , I repeat , an inter-state alliance , of economic interests in which the voice of Parliament , which expresses the expectations and interests of the peoples of Europe , can be neutralized by the presumptuousness of each and every government .
It set new horizons with regard to the political , economic and social criteria for the trans-European networks and accorded particular importance to protection of the environment .
There were - I remind you , ladies and gentlemen - 78 points of dispute , 78 differences between us and the Council .
That is not a compromise , ladies and gentlemen : it is the product of yet another act of political blackmail by the Council against the European Parliament .
Because that is what it is doing with the changes that it has brought about in the trans-European networks .
However , for reasons of political principle I shall vote against the report .
Allow me simply to say that we are at just about the same point as we were at yesterday on the subject of groundhandling .
At the same time , even the governments - including mine - which largely accepted Parliament 's positions are pressuring us to support this common position of the conciliation committee for the sake of delaying the projects .
I should like to ask you whether , in view of the fact that the amounts provided for in the older plans for the Acheloos which were discussed with the Commission are enormous and roughly equal to the amounts that the Greek Government is unable to find for completion of all of the major projects of the Community support framework , you would agree that it would be a good thing to abandon this project , for which no one wishes to assume responsibility , so that a healthier level of funding can be provided for the other major projects ?
That and the development by this presidency of a common security policy with other countries which do not belong to the Western European Union .
This is a subject in which the countries on the periphery , such as your country , Mr Spring , have a special interest .
It must not be a minimum compromise .
I hope that the same will not happen with the Irish presidency .
I think that you , Mr Spring , and your presidency , can achieve a great deal on those two matters also .
In fact , in the public mind the European Union does not have a common foreign policy .
The European Union must develop a coherent foreign policy of its own if it is truly serious about welcoming in new members and about playing a viable role on the world stage .
The IGC which is now in progress is a challenge .
Mr President , the Council appears , without justification , to be optimistic about the future .
The Council seems not to understand the problem .
Yet again , the European Union is refusing to draw the necessary conclusions .
No part-session goes by without mention of the slaughter of Kurds , of the erosion of the Turkish people 's rights , of their not being allowed to form political parties , or of the dissolution of the political parties that they do form if Mrs Çiller or the military disapprove .
And you come here ,