time by the twelve finance ministers .
Furthermore , the bulk of UCLAF 's current investigations are being carried out in the Member States as this is its main job .
It is currently involved in over 900 investigations in the Member States where the majority of the investigations are needed .
I will check on this and let you know the reasons for our appointments .
This applies in all countries .
Also , with regard to confidentiality , I am concerned that the present UCLAF , in my opinion , has failed to respect this confidentiality in many cases and that some case files have been disclosed .
We have tried to take all this into account in our proposal .
The Member States will not just be left with management powers .
Here I would solemnly warn that cofinancing the common agricultural policy would risk dismantling it .
That is where we need to take strong action , and even though we welcome the trend towards falling unemployment in Europe , it is essential that we now implement the proposals made in Luxembourg in November 1997 , at the summit on employment , which set as a major priority that no young person must remain out of work for more than six months and no adult for more than a year .
The recent European day of action by railway workers in protest at the Commission 's deregulation proposals clearly reflected the demand for public services which can respond to current needs and requirements in the Union .
None of these macro-economic indices is very encouraging , and this will make it even more difficult for Romania to carry out the vital and urgent structural reforms that are needed .
We can therefore see in these circumstances that it is premature to envisage opening up accession negotiations with Romania .
We need to help our Slovak friends to overcome the remaining hurdles lying ahead , provided that they - and I do not doubt this - make the necessary effort to join us .
I should like to make one more point .
We have a special responsibility towards Romania , once a member of the Latin Union , and we should bear take that in mind .
For this reason , the provisions which aim to penalise MEPs holding other parliamentary mandates are inadmissible .
Their parliamentary allowances are aligned with those of their national colleagues but , as everyone knows , the differences according to nationality range from the same amount to triple the amount - not to mention the substantial differences in tax systems .
And I should like to thank those colleagues who actively cooperated in the deliberations of the working party we set up .
We are doing it by failing to exercise our future powers .
During this debate , I have heard officials being called into question and Mr Anastassopoulos , the Vice-President , with whom I have discussed this issue - which is why I am saying it in public - mentioned the possibility of bringing the system for reimbursing Members into line with that for officials , and said that this was detrimental to Parliament 's dignity .
As regards the admissibility of amendments , on the same basis that you have just declared Amendment No 106 inadmissible , I ask you to also declare inadmissible Amendments Nos 83 , 81 and 80 .
But you cannot now put to a roll-call vote the principle of a transitional system for the duration of the fifth parliamentary term , following a very clear vote which you yourself ordered , which took place and in which a majority in this House voted in favour .
Mr President , it is a pity that you did not let me speak earlier .
I repeat : it is a compromise amendment which was clearly submitted after the deadline , it is presented by two political groups and it seeks to render null and void all the other amendments .
But this request concerns the resolution as a whole .
This is due to reasons of procedure and of content .
I hope the Council takes this into account .
This idea is now included under Article 190(5 ) of the Amsterdam Treaty , which has not yet been ratified , and which cannot provide a legal basis for the vote just taken by the European Parliament .
They simply call for a review of the distinction between 'in' and 'pre-in' which would allow the countries placed in the second category to move up to the first category at any time on the basis of the extent to which they have adopted the 'acquis communautaire ' .
Continuing ambiguity can only jeopardise these relations , which are essential for balance in the Mediterranean and western Asia , given the important role which Turkey plays and will continue to play in the Middle East and central Asia .
The Commission will clearly seek every available means to increase its own importance by claiming to represent the general interest against the Council , which it will try to sideline .
Under these conditions , the proposal for European investment expenditure , supported by all the Members of the left , simply serves to protect privileges and to artificially sustain already doomed systems .
Mr President , I want to speak on pages 6 and 7 of the Minutes .
So I would ask you to make this small change , which would also be appreciated by Commissioner de Silguy .
So the rejection of my motion by no means rules out other requests for referral back to committee .
The bio-ethics arrangements are now in place to prevent deviance , and specific socio-cultural characteristics of the Member States must be taken into account , particularly as regards embryo research .
