ever more visible , we must also , I believe , even now slowly start thinking about how even closer political and organisational ties can be forged with those states that I believe will remain outside the European Union - Russia , for example , or many of the Mediterranean states .
We have just heard that we will be able to cope with all that within the framework of the Perspective that was adopted in Berlin in 1999 .
With all respect for you and your office , I have a request to make .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , right at the beginning of my contribution to the debate , I would like to remind you that Parliament will not only have to approve the enlargement treaties with each country in turn , but also , in exactly the same way , the relevant transfers of funds in accordance with Article 25 of the interinstitutional agreement , with an absolute majority of members and three-quarters of the votes cast , and so it is a good thing that both the Commission and the Council have involved Parliament in the negotiations from an early stage .
Decrees and thereby , as Parliament has already done in many resolutions , clearly pointing out that this issue very definitely possesses a European dimension .
My second observation relates to finances .
You would never adopt an enlargement treaty of that sort if it involved financial risks .
We do not have the courage to admit that you can hardly say there is a common foreign and security policy at present .
This amounts to a kind of final vote , which as I see it is unnecessary in accordance with Rule 180( 2 ) of the Rules of Procedure .
Mr President , we have of course made some decisions about the electricity part that mean we now have to be careful not to contradict the gas part too much .
It is word for word what we agreed earlier on for electricity .
This would then be added to Amendment No 149 .
Mr President , I am very grateful to you for giving me the opportunity to table an oral amendment and to explain what is behind it .
What we are experiencing now is nothing new ; it is not a new conflict .
That does not of course mean that trade conflicts can just be glossed over , quite the opposite .
So we are all delighted that the United Kingdom has stopped opting out of social policy .
It is now evident that things will not happen as quickly as some people had hoped .
This is also evident from the debate about the warning letter .
Customers who must have money .
And , Mr Markov , that article prescribes the model as follows : " ? in accordance with the principle of an open market economy with free competition " .
We also considered the degree of guilt .
Ultimately , however , in this area as well we need to take account of the changing situation - the fact that ever more financial conglomerates are coming into existence which operate internationally , in relation to the joint forum and at the same time Basel II .
Enron has generally highlighted the risks involved in multi-layered and inadequately supervised finance groups .
Manipulation is considered to exist in cases where false or misleading information on important facts is deliberately given and third parties stand to gain directly or indirectly .
At the same time , we also know that tax competition can have very harmful effects on Europe 's economies and on the choice of locations for investment in the European Union .
This subject is particularly problematic when it comes to foreign policy .
The question of legal personality is a cornerstone that is needed to bring the whole thing together .
Mrs Carlotti has already gone into many of the recommendations contained in the report just now .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , Mrs Carlotti 's report , a very important document on ACP-EU cooperation , has taken on a new dimension because it also presents the new possibilities open to us following the Cotonou Agreement .
We as a legislature should not lecture people about how to run their lives , but we do need to help them find the right path through life .
I hope that you can also satisfactorily answer this question for us .
Of course we can no longer change the wording of a regulation which has been abolished , but Amendment No 2 is acceptable in principle .
Finally , I should like to thank you once again for your contributions .
The deletion of this recital suggested in Amendment No 2 is therefore unacceptable .
Finally , I should like to point out that the individual components of this proposal , by which I mean maintaining premiums at current levels , adjusting thresholds to current production levels , the three-year period of validity and promoting diversification , form a balanced entity which is tailored to producers ' requirements and takes account of new prospects .
Secondly , it involves thousands of enterprises , especially small and medium-sized enterprises , often located in structurally-challenged regions with few alternative forms of employment .
Surely the purpose of consumer protection is not to set limit values on the basis of the principle : 'Value XY might be dangerous , so let us stick a 150 % safety margin on top of it ' .
This sector of the economy supplies quality fish products and creates jobs , especially in regions which depend on fisheries , and we are well aware of the challenges which it has to cope with .
In addition , the European Food Safety Agency will provide us with substantiated scientific opinions on food and animal food safety in future