There is an issue which I have not mentioned , since it was the subject of a debate yesterday afternoon in this House : the Johannesburg Summit and sustainable development .
I have taken good note of the speeches , in particular those which relate to the conflict between India and Pakistan .
The fact that this Presidency wants to put the Tampere programme on the table and say 'let us do it once and for all ' , should be praised rather than criticised .
This is essentially a highly technical report , which will no doubt be ignored by the press , but it is of enormous importance in terms of the good functioning of the European budget in the future .
At the beginning of the Presidency we presented a working programme entitled ' More Europe ' ; that document naturally included the enlargement of the European Union as one of our fundamental priorities , or more than a priority , one of the Union 's fundamental objectives .
As well as this general objective , the specific working programme of the Presidency for enlargement , which was presented to the Council last January , included a whole series of related tasks .
Therefore , we had that purpose - which , incidentally , we have fulfilled - and , as has been the case with previous presidencies , the Spanish Presidency has also paid particular attention to four specific cases , because it seems as if the ten countries designated for the first wave are the sole object of our enthusiasm , which is not true .
That is to say that all those countries which for certain reasons are hindering the adoption of the common position on direct aid will have to answer for their political responsibility before this Parliament - and I hope that you will demand it - and before public opinion , for not having made possible a common position which would finally conclude the entire 'road map ' for the enlargement negotiations .
With regard to the countries which are most behind , with Bulgaria all the pending chapters have opened , while with Romania seven chapters have been opened , with just 6 still pending ; I would like to inform the House that , together with the Commission , we expect to be able to make even more progress this month and certainly before the end of the Presidency , on 27 or 28 June , we are going to hold a new negotiation conference at Vice-President level and it is possible that we will be able to conclude more chapters with Romania and , naturally , conclude a few more other than the ones concluded at ministerial level .
Ankara is reiterating its desire to establish in December a date for the start of accession negotiations , but clearly , however much good will it may have , the European Council cannot set dates for the start of negotiations until the Copenhagen criteria have been fully complied with .
I therefore believe we have done everything we can to assist the process and we have supported Álvaro de Soto , the representative of the Secretary-General of the United Nations , in every way possible .
Given all these factors , and without prejudice to the results of the tour of the Spanish Prime Minister , which is taking place at the moment , we should be able to take the debate on enlargement at the coming Seville European Council much further .
Naturally , the specific financial aspects will be looked at at a later date , at the end of the negotiations , as is always the case .
Furthermore , the Council will encourage Turkey to use its influence to promote a speedy solution to the issue of Cyprus .
But I believe that , apart from any modifications they might make , this will be in general terms what the European Council will say on enlargement .
I believe that more of the Community budget should be spent and it should be better spent , in that order , and we must continue to try to ensure that executing the Community budget is not an obstacle course .
The difficulties do not come from the Spanish Presidency or from the Commission or from this Parliament .
First , the social aspect : of course the Bulgarian economy has to adapt , but it must be done by keeping the basic principles of social cohesion , such as the fight for equality and against unemployment , poverty and marginalisation , to promote jobs , benefits and social security .
The rural development measures must ensure that there are active rural areas with diversified production in the candidate countries and especially that they guarantee employment .
Of the road map we had to follow , all that is left for us is to conclude a consensus , that we hope we can reach , in order to achieve a common position on agricultural matters .
In fact , the problem they have in Luxembourg today , as I could see last week , is that the country has too much economic activity , which is attracting hundreds of thousands of workers to work there .
When Spain joined the European Community , the Spanish Government took care to include some special provisions in the Act of Accession of Spain and Portugal to the European Community to guarantee this special regime , and there is a protocol on this , which was amended by a Council decision in 1991 to adapt it to the internal market .
Besides , I am aware that the same concerns voiced by Mrs Lulling have also been voiced specifically at a local level by economic and political actors .
In other words , it may be much easier to export from Luxembourg to Gran Canaria than from Tenerife to Gran Canaria , unless