chance to ensure even more strongly than before that our businesses and citizens can have confidence that contracts and obligations they enter into across the Union will be upheld by a common framework of procedural law on jurisdiction and enforcement .
We are making progress towards a system of civil law and justice that will give ease and certainty of access across Member State boundaries , at last beginning to make a reality of the area of freedom and justice proposed at Tampere .
The issue that has , of course , taken most of the committee ' s time and attention has been the fact that this proposal for a regulation has coincided with the growth of e-commerce which in itself offers enormous opportunities to business and consumers within the internal market .
The committee has , as the Commission will be well aware , grappled long and hard with the issues raised in Articles 15 and 17 of the proposed regulation .
That is to say where there is a dispute between a business and a consumer , whose court should the parties have recourse to .
These two articles , in whatever combination , have to be read together .
The Commission proposal in line with previous consumer protection legislation took the view in dealing with Article 15 that all such disputes should go to the consumer ' s court whilst willing to defer to a general proposition that contracts concluded at a distance should fall under this category .
The committee has been searching for a way of protecting Europe ' s growing e-commerce sector and especially small businesses from exposure to 15 different and diverse legal jurisdictions .
The committee has therefore opted by a small majority in favour of the option of Article 17a which modifies the general principle in Article 15 .
This modification allows parties in a B to C contract to contract in favour of the seller ' s jurisdiction .
This was felt to uphold the freedom of contract of the parties but addition there is another element to which I will now turn .
I believe the committee ' s most fundamental contribution to this debate will be the introduction of the reference of such B to C disputes to ADR or EDR.
This has been generally agreed to be the best way to neutralise the difficult discussion about whose jurisdiction can apply .
There can be no doubt that the Brussels Convention made enormous strides in simplifying the jurisdiction rules applicable to cross-border disputes but they are still a lawyer ' s dream and a litigant ' s nightmare .
They have not created real ease of access to justice .
The opening up of a simple effective system of cross-border disputes is the committee ' s goal in introducing the concept of ADR and we welcome the way in which this has already been picked up and worked on by the Commission .
There was also agreement in committee that in this evolving area we remain deeply concerned as to the impact of legislation on Europe ' s e-business .
Therefore , in line with the E-commerce Directive , we have asked for a two-year review .
I have covered the main aspects .
I wish to conclude with a note of thanks to my colleague on the committee , especially to our chairman who I know feels as passionately as I do about this area of law , whatever our differences , but my biggest set of thanks must go to the committee secretariat and to Mr Robert Bray for all his help and advice throughout this process .
Mr President , firstly , I would like to congratulate the rapporteur of her presentation for what is a very fair and balanced report .
On behalf of the Committee on Citizens ' Freedoms and Rights , Justice and Home Affairs , I am pleased to be able to deliver this opinion , on behalf of my colleague , Mrs Hazan , who unfortunately cannot be with us tonight .
My committee considers it important to give a positive response to this Commission proposal , which strives to make the recognition and enforcement of judgments between Member States almost automatic .
Not only does this regulation build upon the judicial cooperation between the States it marks an attempt to put the citizen at the heart of the Europe - the citizen , not just big business , money brokers and others , with perhaps profit purely as their motive .
My committee also considers that the provision of the regulation which seeks to protect the weaker parties in a contract should be approved .
This will enable consumers , workers and insurers to be safeguarded by effective European regulations that can be automatically applicable across the Member States .
Following this logic , it seems clear to us that there are no legitimate grounds to exempt e-commerce transactions from consumer protection rules .
The rapporteur has referred to this , but e-commerce is an area which is set to grow .
To differentiate between the rights of those buying on line and those shopping in the high street would go against the valuable work that the European Parliament and the EU in general has already done in championing the rights of the citizens .
E-consumers , in common with all weaker parties to a contract and indeed European citizens in general , deserve and should be given the right to a fair hearing .
Finally , my committee welcomes the introduction of alternative dispute resolution procedures and hopes that this regulation can enter into force as soon as possible .
Mr President , we all know that the development of the Internet as a shopping channel can bring great benefits : new opportunities for small businesses , for Internet start-ups and opening up the single market to our consumers right across 15 Member States .
