We must resolve this issue , because it is important that consumers should regain confidence in the food they eat .
One way to achieve this is to have total transparency as far as food labelling is concerned .
GMOs are the new challenge facing us .
This is something that people are very worried about and quite rightly so : I myself share these concerns .
But I think we should not allow our concerns about GMOs to overshadow our concerns about growth promoters used in animal feed or antibiotics used in compound feed .
Indeed , we should not allow GMOs to obscure the fact that meat and bonemeal are still included in animal feeds in many countries in Europe .
One factor behind these developments that has been referred to in this debate is competition - competition between Member States on the cost of the production of food .
These are all areas in which we have to ensure a level playing field : food must be of the same standard in all Member States .
We have had the dioxin scare , BSE and many other problems .
The main problem is a financial one , namely who bears the cost ?
The problem is that the cost is not shared equally between the consumer and the producer : the producer has been forced to bear all the cost .
We need an equitable distribution of the extra cost that has been incurred .
We must also ensure that the food that is imported into the European Union meets the standards within the European Union .
If we do not maintain those standards for imported food then we are going to encounter greater difficulties in the future .
Mr President , I too would like to offer my congratulations to the rapporteur .
There is no doubt that Mr Böge and the rapporteur for the Committee on the Environment are now tremendous experts in this field .
It is very good that they are continuing to monitor this issue on behalf of Parliament because it is extremely important .
Regardless of the many other concerns we may have , BSE has given us a terrible legacy that has to be dealt with and resolved .
It is quite clear that the incidence of scrapie in sheep has been a contributing factor to the overall problem .
I welcome the legal base being set and the comprehensive way the new rules will , I hope , address this situation .
We must ensure that nothing can enter the food chain or the animal compound feed to allow what we have experienced in the past to happen again in the future .
No-one would want to see what happened to farmers with BSE happen ever again .
We have to bring in the most stringent rules and we have to make them work .
It is extremely important both for the producer and the consumer that we restore confidence and the only way we can do it is by rigorously tackling the problem and resolving it .
BSE has certainly not gone away .
You can see it in different countries .
I do not want to point the finger at any particular country , but many countries are now facing similar problems to those we have had in the United Kingdom .
It will be there for some time to come .
We have to ensure that the whole system of traceability , of following the animal from birth until slaughter and right through the whole food chain , is part of that confidence-building mechanism .
If we are not able to achieve that then we will have tremendous trouble in the future .
Finally , I have certainly believed for a long time , coming from an agricultural background myself , that if we had fed the animals the proper food and if the animal feedstuffs had been made up of the proper compounds we would never have had BSE in the first place .
It was never the responsibility of the farmer , it was the food compounders who caused this problem and we have to ensure that it never happens again .
Mr President , the ecological disaster in the Danube reminds us of how closely linked all the countries of Europe are and how important water is to us all .
Discharges from chemical factories in my own constituency in the north-west of England will end up on the beaches of mainland Europe .
This brings home the connections which bind us together .
This framework directive is intended to paint the broad brushstrokes of the policy for the next decades and there has been much panic over the details .
It is important for us to remember that this is a framework .
These brushstrokes are indeed very broad .
It is easy for individual countries , for individual sectors of industry , to escape the effects which have been painted to us in recent days .
There are many opportunities to hide .
The reality is that the details of this legislation will be set out in daughter directives in months and years to come .
That is the time to debate some of these problems of detail .
The broad principles are surely ones we should be able to accept - the broad principles that we wish to reduce hazardous waste leaking into the groundwater , the broad principles that we should be aiming to ensure that chemicals , which we all need in society in all circumstances , should not be finding their way into our water system .
There is a chemical factory in the north-west which wrote to me to say that we must vote against this legislation .
I would have to ask them what chemicals they are putting into the water supply at the moment and why they are not broadcasting to all the residents