The referendum in Denmark had more to do with the direction of the European Union and future political integration than actually participating in the Euro currency itself .
Serious concern was expressed among Danish voters that the elimination of tax vetoes within the European Union would dissipate future social security benefits .
I do not necessarily support this .
However , the point remains the same : namely that the European Member State governments , the European Commission and the European Parliament have a serious battle on their hands to persuade the 370 million citizens of the European Union that greater political and economic integration is the way forward for the European Union .
This is the core issue .
If Member State governments push the issue of political integration too far in Nice , we will have real difficulties in securing approval in the referendums which will have to be held in various European Union countries .
Any reform of European Union treaties must be fair and balanced .
It must protect the interests of the smaller Member States , and we must not help build a two-tier Europe where larger Member States run the European Union at the expense of the smaller Member States .
We must also protect national cultural and linguistic diversity .
Mr President , what should Biarritz do with the Charter ?
It should clarify what it means by proclamation .
What is a proclamation ?
Perhaps it is a glass of champagne and a string quartet , perhaps it is the first building block of Europe 's constitution , but all this should be clarified .
Parliaments are not used to proclaiming things .
Secondly , Biarritz should reconsider the question of the European Union signing up to the existing European Convention .
Thirdly , it should consider future revision and a procedure for revising the clauses of the Charter in future .
Finally , it should request the Commission to launch a widespread campaign to inform the public of this great project .
.
The draft regulations of the UN/ECE for approval of motor vehicle headlamps and other special equipment is only significant in terms of Parliament 's participation in the drafting of Community legislation on harmonising motor vehicle standards throughout Europe .
These standards are drawn up on the basis of the Revised Agreement of the United Nations Economic Commission for Europe ( UN/ECE ) of which the Community became a contracting party in March 1988 .
Consequently proposals are submitted to Parliament under the assent procedure , meaning that Parliament can no longer table amendments , as directives in this area were adopted as single market legislation under the codecision procedure on the basis of Art.100a TEC .
However , this reduction of Parliament 's influence is acceptable given the highly technical nature of the issues concerned and the Commission 's endeavours to inform the EP in good time of plans to draw up new regulations via its competent Standing committees .
I will vote to approve the draft regulation .
Quisthoudt-Rowohl report ( A5-0048/1999/REV 1 )
.
I welcome this excellent report from my colleague Mr Skinner .
At Lisbon the Special European Council stated that "efficient risk capital markets play a major role in innovative high growth SMEs and the creation of new and sustainable jobs " .
The Heads of State and Government therefore agreed a number of measures to promote the development of risk capital in the European Union , with a deadline for implementing the Risk Capital Action Plan of 2003 .
The Commission Communication is an acknowledgement that concrete measures need to be taken to create a genuinely European and highly liquid risk capital market in the EU.
The report supports the Council 's and Commission 's approach and emphasises that a number of regulatory measures need to be introduced , namely on pensions , cross-border prospectuses and a Community patent .
He also calls for benchmarking to spread best practice across the EU.
Mr President , I , too , welcome this Charter , particularly the improvements made towards the end in adding " social " and " the rights to the elderly " to the Charter .
It is important that the Charter addresses three audiences .
Firstly , it addresses our citizens and tells them that this is not a Europe that simply does things to them but does things for them and respects their rights in carrying out its activities .
Secondly , it sends a message to the applicant states saying that what they are joining is a community of values .
That is an important message , given the history of some of the countries that wish to join us .
Thirdly , it sends a message to the institutions of the European Union , that in carrying out their existing functions which will not change as a result of this Charter , they have a wider range of obligations to take into account .
It makes clear the duties they have to respect in exercising their existing powers .
I hope that the Heads of Government and the Heads of State meeting in Biarritz will take this seriously and consider making it a binding document but if not , at the very least , ensure at Nice that it becomes a declaration annexed to the Treaty of the European Union .
.
Mr President , when Pandora opened her box all the ills of mankind were released .
Sometimes , in health terms , that is how it must have felt when the borders opened after the Iron Curtain was ripped apart .
We had a two-way traffic of bad habits , many of them linked to health .
Bad habits of course move fast and good practice moves more slowly afterwards .
Many of those bad habits were linked to health - infectious diseases , some drug-resistant and some we thought we had