I also hope , moreover , that this large group of critical consumers will exert a natural restraint upon the demand for these artificially modified foods which consumers have not of course asked for but which chemicals groups and certain European governments definitely want us also to consume .
The EU should not be turned into one large biological exploratorium , as is happening now .
Now , there is a further argument for promoting organic farming .
The political system has abandoned all responsibility .
I suppose our package permits the further use of additives , but it has been quite crucial for me that we are now also putting the emphasis on the Commission 's supervision and re-evaluation of the use of previously approved substances .
I hope that we do not continue with the policy of just going on accepting new additives and an extended use of already approved substances so that such additives and substances are only omitted from the list when the industry itself informs us that they are no longer used .
I think that the policy so far has been unduly defensive .
I am therefore very pleased about the provisions in the package whereby the Commission must , within two years , present an overall report on the re-evaluation of additives and whereby this report must promptly focus especially upon the use of certain types , including nitrates , nitrites and polysorbates .
I should also like to take the opportunity of thanking Mr Olsson for his really constructive cooperation in connection with banning the use of hormones in animal husbandry .
In other words , hormones in general will cease to be used in animal husbandry .
A serious constitution cannot be devised as quickly as that .
To cite just one example : when the Treaty of Maastricht introduced common citizenship , it was expressly stated in writing that citizenship had no direct effect .
The judgments of the Court of Justice nonetheless caused citizenship to be of direct effect , and people are now free to settle anywhere in the EU and have their rights further extended by means of the many fundamental principles in Title I of the Constitution and Title II of the Charter .
The people and the elected representatives should be aware of all the consequences of the Constitution before it is adopted .
What would the Constitution mean , for example , for the Danish summer house protocol ?
This quite clearly contravenes the ban on national discrimination under Article 4 and the principle of equality under Article 44 .
Is there a hierarchical relationship between the fundamental principles and the other provisions in the Constitution and protocols ?
Denmark can in this way retain a Protestant state church , but can Article 51 also lift the ban on religious discrimination in Article 2 , paragraph 21 of Title II ?
It would be nice to know the answer before the Constitution is signed .
Ought it not at least to be stated in writing that all existing agreements shall continue in force until such time as they are altered ?
Mr President , I wish to table an oral amendment whereby the word ' European' would be omitted so that both national and international labels could be used .
This would correspond to what we decided under Amendment No 32 , whereby we can still use all the labels , and it applies to both Amendment No 88 and Amendment No 89 .
The Doha Development Round was not worthy of its name .
Mrs McNally is quite right in saying that this is not the time for adding new topics to the agenda that take account neither of the developing countries nor of the environment .
This is an objective that , together with free and fair trade and the eradication of poverty , is incorporated into the EU 's new draft Constitution .
What the EU should focus upon is ensuring that every country has its say in the negotiations and not only , as is usually the case , the rich and privileged countries that will take care of their own interests .
Finally , it must at long last be ensured that governments do not have a monopoly on negotiating and implementing WTO agreements , but that a democratically elected assembly is set up .
Mr President , I think this has been an exciting debate , and I wish to comment on just a few of the points .
On the hot days in Denmark , where I live , I looked at our many windmills and saw that they were motionless .
What , however , there was enough of was sunshine , and we must therefore arrange for solar and photovoltaic cells to be developed so that we can really make use of the sun which sends so much energy to the Earth .
The forest fires we have had will have no long-term environmental effect , since the trees in any case would have ended up similarly emitting CO2 .
I find it incredible that such large areas can catch fire without it being possible to put out the blaze .
On an organisational and political basis , the EU at present deals with all the islands under the one heading , so that even very small and sparsely populated islands come into the same category as islands with many thousands of inhabitants .
I myself live on a small island , Endelave , which has 180 inhabitants and is situated an hour 's sail out into the Kattegat .
Clearly , we live under quite different conditions than those prevailing in , for example , Corsica or other islands with many thousands of inhabitants .
That also applies to the Commission 's analyses of the islands ' special circumstances and potential .
In that connection , it is important also to recognise the