European Union , whose tasks and size have increased dramatically in recent years and decades and , where necessary , you will have to put the Union 's house in order to ensure that it is viable and able to function even if nothing new is added .
I believe that there is a lot of work yet to be done in institutional terms between Council , Commission and Parliament to prevent this from slipping out of the Community sphere , with the result that the finance ministers become the new masters of Europe .
You and we owe this to the people of Europe .
But that is still a little too weak for me - it still lacks substance .
Lannoye report ( A4-0401/97 ) The Menrad report - and it is appropriate here that Mr Berthu has just spoken about the economic situation - is attempting to revisit the issue of European employment policy in the run-up to the European Employment Pact which is sure to be concluded in Cologne .
For this reason Milosevic 's 'offer ' to admit an unarmed United Nations force must of course be rejected .
I believe that the regional approach we have been taking is no longer sufficient , and we must find a new one .
I find this truly regrettable .
We support everything the President-in-Office said in this context .
We all know how it should be done , so much so that hardly any Members are present for this debate .
We will be astonished at how quickly the ground fighting will come to an end .
No one has anything against the Serbian people .
This is why we need interinstitutional change .
Then the policies of the European Union are sure to be even more efficient than they will be under the new High Representative .
It has been said several times today in the various debates that without Russia a European security structure and a flourishing Europe would be inconceivable .
We need a realistic relationship with Russia that should not be determined by fear but a policy that knows what the facts are and takes them on board .
The three Scandinavian Member States and the United Kingdom have now made use of this option , and France may do the same .
When are they to take place ?
If a codecision procedure in the sense of Article 189( b ) had been intended , the founding fathers of the Amsterdam Treaty would have written that the Article 189( b ) procedure applied .
The Treaty of Amsterdam entered into force on 1 May , and Parliament has gained significantly more power as a result .
I have to say that I am extremely concerned about this .
Second , we have taken a very major step in staff policy .
I would therefore recommend that the new Parliament should return to this subject , as things have been at a standstill for two years now while we have been dealing with other issues , but we must come back to this point if our assistants are to work well .
My justification for this is as follows .
In my opinion , the report cannot be voted on tomorrow and it must be officially deleted from the agenda .
I have never understood the Socialists , who are calling for a great hike in road user charges in principle , but whose demands fall short of the level Parliament judged to be correct by a large majority in 1997 , which was higher than the Council has proposed now .
Even if the officials have perhaps made incorrect allocations here and there , it is the parliamentarians who have made the decision here , on the basis of your proposal .
We have always done that .
It applies to all consumer goods whether new or second-hand ; the legal guarantee is valid for two years , but for second-hand goods , it is up to Member States to decide whether purchasers and sellers can agree on a guarantee period of one year .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , traffic is still an important source of air pollution .
That means that we cannot just pluck a statement out of thin air and say that we will tighten these up further .
I was very pleased that Mrs Sandbæk also reiterated that it was the amendment tabled by the Greens which provided that baby foods should in future be pesticide-free .
Admittedly , there was discussion within the Commission , but such discussions take place often anyway .
In that regard , and I do not think it is only my group that believes this , your term of office really was successful and you have done this Parliament great services .
Let me make a final remark .
It is not a question of whether the bottle is half full or half empty ; it is a question of whether there will be a bottle at all or whether all that is fashioned in Cologne is a paper bottle that cannot be filled with anything .
We cannot accept that Parliament has no codecision right in this sector that accounts for half the budget .
That realisation is one of the foundations of our civilisation .
But can the representatives of governments whose powers , means of action and influence are being taken away and transferred to the European level put together a genuine reform package by themselves ?
I regarded the compromise as viable even if - which is not , of course , a good thing - it would have meant that Swedish , Danish and British Members were taxed under their national rules .
I believe it is very positive that we have also managed for the first time to establish a one-year guarantee for second-hand goods ; that is a step towards greater sustainability and greater consumer protection