Similarly , we want to see Russia make progress in all areas , at both the economic and commercial level and at the legal and institutional level and also in relation to respect for the great humanist principles , for human rights and for the Rule of Law , that are our badge of identity .
I should like to remind her that her country of origin , Finland , held the Presidency of the Union a short while ago and I should also like to remind her that Spain was actually the first country , at Presidency level , to visit Kaliningrad .
The European Commission also had the opportunity to express our view to the Russian Prime Minister , Mr Kassianov , who was in Brussels two weeks ago on an official visit .
It provides a detailed description of budgetary developments and prospects at Member State level and for the euro area as a whole .
In brief , fiscal policies have remained broadly neutral providing a balanced policy mix which was supportive to growth while guaranteeing price stability .
This has helped improve the assessment of programmes and has also enabled us to consider the aggregate impact of budgetary targets for the euro area as a whole .
As you know , the Council decided to close the early-warning procedure as both countries reiterated their willingness to implement their stability programmes in full so as to avoid a breach of the 3 % of GDP reference value and to resume the process of budgetary consolidation in order to reach their medium-term targets by 2004 .
Nonetheless a clear agreement between the EMU policy actors on the criteria to assess when discretionary fiscal policies are justified would increase the transparency and predictability of budgetary behaviour .
The absence of timely and comparable data specifying the purposes on which public resources are spent is also a constraint .
Budgetary surveillance will also need to take into account that the candidate countries are undergoing tremendous structural and institutional changes .
Of course , investment helps growth and , for this reason , we have always considered investment expenditure to be more useful than some types of current expenditure .
And this must be done regardless of the debates that are taking place between those responsible for the pension systems in the various countries , within the Open Method of Coordination that was initiated in Lisbon .
Changes in income and expenditure are entirely a national decision on which every Member State must decide for itself .
The year 2004 is a commitment given by the Ecofin Council and ratified by the Barcelona Council .
I still believe that the reform of a policy as fundamental as fisheries requires at least three essential factors : it must be gradual , it must have sufficient funding and must have the broadest possible consensus .
Mr President , Commissioner , I am not going to talk to you about the huge numbers that you deal with .
Mr Solbes is no mere altar boy ; he is a high priest , and has a fundamental role - that of spearhead , like Saint Vicente Ferrer - in this process of reform .
I would like to highlight a series of specific points from the Trentin report that I consider to be important .
I shall make another comment on Mr Goebbels ' suggestions on energy , transport and communications later .
In his report , Mr Marinos emphasises the importance of the Stability and Growth Pact more directly and , throughout the debate this morning and afternoon , there have been some proposals that seem important .
These are very important for us to be able to achieve our two objectives through the coordination of economic policy : that fiscal policy should not hinder monetary policy and cause no externalities or spin off effects that would have negative effects on other countries .
We believe that the advantage of our proposed system is not only its automatic operation , but also its capacity to avoid potential problems in future , especially when we have to deal with new situations of economic recovery in which we start from relatively comfortable positions in terms of budgetary balance .
My second comment is directed to Mrs Berès .
One of the key points of future legislation is the mandatory application of HACCP in all food companies including those in the primary sector .
I believe we should concentrate on these and that they should be standardised for all countries .
I should also like to congratulate the Commission on having also presented a reasonably well-balanced proposal .
Also , imports from and imports to third countries must comply with Community hygiene standards .
However , I do not understand that , on the pretext of protecting consumers ' interests , some EU countries support the extension of control and surveillance measures to agents that cannot be transmitted to humans , in other words , non-zoonotic agents that do not fall within the scope of these regulations .
The report approved by the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Policy , in my opinion , has not been sufficiently tailored to the needs of each country and also falls into this trap .
Through this Madrid Summit , the European Union , Latin America and the Caribbean are committing themselves to deepening this partnership so that both regions can together confront the challenges and take advantage of the opportunities offered by the new 21st Century .
From the point of view of political dialogue , the European Union 's priorities in relation to Latin America and the Caribbean , during the short period between the Rio Summit and today , have essentially been the strengthening of democracy and the Rule of Law , the defence of human rights , the fight against drug-trafficking