Indeed , the choices we make throughout our lives are influenced by a whole range of factors , including the social class to which we belong , our gender , the images and concepts of gender and gender roles that are ever present around us through education , the media and advertising .
That is why the European Parliament , following a proposal by the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development , decided to call on the European Commission to submit proposals prohibiting the cloning of animals for food supply purposes , the farming of cloned animals or their offspring , the placing on the market of meat or dairy products derived from cloned animals or their offspring and the importing of cloned animals or their offspring , and meat or dairy products derived from cloned animals or their offspring .
With the objective of breaking the current 'deadlock ' in the WTO , it insists on and welcomes new initiatives - such as the 'signalling conference ' - which aim to make an agreement possible in the near future .
As the shadow rapporteur for the Socialist Group in the European Parliament , I have always upheld the following points that are raised in the final report : the need to use existing opportunities in terms of European funding or State aid to develop and purchase advanced and environmentally-responsible facilities and to better integrate them into the European port network ; the need for local and regional authorities to make use of the possibilities their ports offer to develop their regions , creating more transport intermodality and competitiveness between ports ; the need to improve current social conditions in the maritime sector , in particular through better training , lifelong learning and better safety conditions in the workplace ; the need to enhance the European Union 's competitive position as a global maritime power , in particular by strengthening regulatory frameworks in the area of maritime safety and financial incentives , rules to aid public or private investors from various backgrounds ; improving the adaptation of existing ports to strict environmental requirements , in particular in terms of reducing greenhouse gases ; strengthening the current regulatory framework for ports , as variables determining the global equilibrium ; adapting the European port system to extremely rapid technological development without disregarding the environmental impact ; accepting that some investments by public authorities may not be seen as State aids , for outermost regions and islands , when they are essential to ensure economic , social and territorial cohesion , as long as they do not benefit a single user or operator , and recognising the specific situation of outermost regions as recognised in the Treaty on European Union . on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group . - ( PT ) Madam President , we cannot go along with the assessment of this European Commission initiative , as we consider it is attempting , as a last resort , to promote the liberalisation of port services at European Union level .
As a result , its protection is crucial to preserve our heritage , natural resources , surface water and groundwater quality , health and human life .
One very important contribution would be a change in the common agricultural policy to provide greater support for family-based agriculture and small and medium-sized farmers .
Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , it is absolutely impossible for us to allow such a thing ; otherwise we will be collaborating with the worst crime against humanity .
I therefore call on the House not to vote for what is being proposed .
Creativity is a key driver of innovation for both economic and social reasons .
Next year 's 10th anniversary of the signature of the Bologna Declaration signals the need to redefine the aims of the Process .
As our rapporteur points out , we must not lose sight of the goals of the Process or of the notion of students being at the heart of all questions concerning their education .
Access to high quality education must be an option for every citizen , regardless of their citizenship , country or area of birth .
I support this initiative - it is a tangible contribution towards identifying problems and challenges that have arisen over 10 years of implementation on the one hand , and issues that need to remain priorities on the other .
We therefore stress the priority of supporting the creation of jobs with rights , production , solving poverty , improving the purchasing power of workers and pensioners , supporting quality public services and increasing low-interest credit facilities to support micro , small and medium-sized entrepreneurs .
Transparency should be a guiding principle in how markets operate - financial markets in particular .
It has been possible to reduce this epidemic , thanks to strict European regulation .
Let us hope the European Commission bears it in mind .
The aim of this proposal is to step up the set of security measures , which , on the pretext of the events of 11 September 2001 , have put citizens ' rights , freedoms and guarantees at risk .
We therefore voted against the report .
For all these reasons , the political authorities need to be attentive and active .
It cannot be achieved through a legal instrument that - because of its gaps and flaws - does not guard against the possibility of non-compliance or non-protection .
It is our belief that this extension compared to the previous system brings with it risks as regards safeguarding citizens ' rights , freedoms and guarantees by adding new elements to a database which will be more accessible and which will mean a greater degree of information sharing .
At this moment in time , the priority must be to make specific