The procedure we had to follow , in order to act as quickly as possible upon the conclusions of the Lisbon Summit and the proposal of the Commission in July , has been unusual .
I am told that if we vote on the report tomorrow and adopt our report as voted in the committee it will be the fastest piece of legislation of this type ever processed by the European Union institutions .
This has only been possible because of an unprecedented degree of cooperation .
Firstly , cooperation with the Commission - and I would like to thank Commissioner Liikanen and all his extremely good officials who have been working on this for their assiduous help throughout the process .
They really have provided us all with an invaluable service .
I would also like to thank the Council for their cooperation , firstly driven by the mandate in the conclusions in the Lisbon summit but also by a particularly effective series of French Presidency initiatives in the Council of Ministers and last and by no means least I would like to express thanks for cooperation within this House .
I have had the privilege and the benefit of working with a number of colleagues of all groups who have pulled together in the committee to produce the report which we will be voting on tomorrow .
I would like to thank all of them for the great cooperation which they have extended to me .
It has not been easy : firstly , because the procedure is difficult , it is new .
Those of us who have worked on it all agree that if this sets a precedent for the future , we could perhaps consider promulgating some rules which will facilitate this kind of process in the future but also some rules on substance .
This is a measure which is clearly going to prove to be painful to some of the incumbent operators involved and I understand that a number of colleagues have been in discussions with incumbent operators and I am very grateful to them for conveying their concerns to me and also working with me to find an appropriate way forward .
We can be proud of the work that we have completed and that I hope we will complete by our vote tomorrow .
It shows that , even in difficult and controversial areas of policy such as this , this House is able to act decisively and clearly when it needs to and for that I would once again like to extend my thanks to all concerned .
At the outset I would like to pay tribute to Mr Clegg who has worked extremely hard over the last few of weeks with a view to ensuring that the final report was well-balanced and reflected the concerns of the difficulties of the various political groups within the Committee on Industry , External Trade , Research and Energy .
I am satisfied that the text voted by the committee takes into account two issues which were of particular concern to me .
The first one was fair pricing and the second was the provision of a universal service in the context of the further opening of the communications market to competition .
I believe it is important to ensure that the changes take place in a controlled way , to allow all players involved the time to adjust and to guarantee the rights of all consumers .
It is clear that we must all support the upgrading of existing telecommunications infrastructures so that we can take advantage of evolving new technologies .
In my country we are determined that our telecommunications infrastructure be of the highest standard in order to secure new investment into the country .
Investment in our infrastructure is a critical component to the continued success and growth of the Irish economy ; in particular , Ireland is aiming to become a world centre of e-commerce .
At the same time it is essential that all citizens be guaranteed the same benefits from the upgrading of telecommunications infrastructures .
The opening-up of the local copper networks to provide competition must lead to all local networks being upgraded in all towns and indeed in all villages .
We must avoid cherry-picking by new entrants who might wish to upgrade only networks in the bigger urban areas .
On the question of fair price , the price charge for access to the local loop must be allowed to reflect sunken costs in addition to a margin for reinvestment .
In this respect I am glad to see that the Commission supports the historical cost formula for pricing .
We must guarantee that existing telecommunications operators can secure adequate financial compensation for opening these local loops .
I believe that the national regulatory authority should be able to play a fair and mediating role between existing operators and new networks .
In conclusion , I believe that it is a fair and well-balanced text .
I should like to thank Mr Clegg for being prepared to listen to so many of his colleagues .
Mr Clegg said in his speech that this was a controversial and complicated piece of work and I think therefore we chose well to appoint him as a rapporteur .
He has been very unflappable throughout and , on behalf of the House , I would like to record that at the time he was successfully decoupling the local loop , he was also making a very successful coupling of his own , by getting married .
I am sure that we all pass on our congratulations to him .
It will not surprise this House to know that , as a representative of the British Conservative Party - and it was the Conservative Government that privatised British Telecom over 17 years ago , probably the first of the large-scale telecom