in this debate , in particular my colleague Erik Meijer .
No!
But this imperative could be the subject of a simple injunction of principle to COTIF.
To make matters clear : we really want to strengthen European rail transport because we want to encourage means of transport that are safer and more economical in terms of energy and space and therefore more sustainable .
First of all I shall say a word of thanks to all the speakers to whom I have listened carefully .
I am nonetheless convinced that we shall find practical solutions to those questions in the course of the legislative process .
This directive sends a social signal enabling all rail transport personnel to feel involved in the regeneration of this means of transport .
There are , no doubt , certain rewordings that would be desirable in order to take proper account of the rights and duties of drivers , of employers and of the competent authority .
We can accept the amendments it contains subject to certain alterations to the wording .
Finally , I shall confine myself to two key points for which the Commission would like your support .
There are things that should remain within the field of competence of national governments .
In this context , I would like to thank the chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs and rapporteur , Mr Elmar Brok , for putting forward the recommendation to give assent to the conclusion of the Additional Protocol to the Ankara Agreement .
Right before the start of the accession negotiations , the Council should adopt the negotiating framework proposed by the Commission .
This is a major step forward in seeking the historical truth in Turkey on this very sensitive issue .
I have confidence that the Turkish Authorities will embark upon this journey with an open mind and that 3 October will provide the opportunity to start afresh .
In the first instance , it is a question of actually enforcing standards of democracy , as well as actually complying with internationally recognised civil rights and human rights .
The first is that these negotiations are opening explicitly with the subject of accession in mind , and not with a privileged partnership in mind .
Instead , this huge project , which is a tremendous gamble about which the voters will require some convincing , involves two aspects .
How can it be said that , after the decision taken by the Council at the end of last year , we have now more adequately met the conditions for opening the negotiations ?
If the negotiations begin on 3 October , the process will be difficult to reverse and Europe will be taking two risks : first , of disgracing itself by negotiating with a country that refuses to recognise one of the Member States of the European Union ; second , that of disintegrating .
What do the people of Turkey think about this ?
In view of Turkey’s exclusion of the Republic of Cyprus , the Council Declaration of 21 September is utterly scandalous .
European public opinion clearly says ‘NO’ to Turkey’s membership .
That is why Turkey must become a full-scale democratic country .
The Turkish people , who are themselves being provocative , refuse to recognise the Republic of Cyprus on the grounds that they occupy part of it .
They related to : 1/ the refusal of the Turkish Government to recognise the Armenian genocide 2/ its reluctance to comply with international law in its differences of opinion with Greece 3/ the ongoing presence of Turkish occupying troops in Cyprus 4/ the denial of the Kurdish issue .
In particular , it was becoming a matter of urgency to define the concept of ‘network’ .
Crises such as the one rocking the oil market demonstrate our over-dependence on fossil fuels .
One of the consequences of this failure is that the European Union , which will not have a Foreign Minister any more than it has any kind of common foreign policy , will remain a kind of international forum with no external visibility .
The results are noticeable .
This relates to the initiative known as CARS 21 , as part of which your Committee on the Internal Market and Consumer Protection will soon organise a Parliamentary forum .
It is about time , because we have gone from 50 000 deaths to 43 000 deaths in the 25 Member States .
In the meantime , we must identify new avenues of development for the European Union’s industrial sectors , which will , in future , enable us to anticipate imbalances and to provide a competitive response to all global challenges .
In order to defend the interests of employees in the textile industry ...     .
It is all technically complex and inefficient .
Everyone knew what we were dealing with regarding the end of the multi-fibre agreement and the lifting of quotas on 1 January this year .
' Asks the Commission to keep the regulatory status of hedge funds under review ' with , as an addition : 'and examine ways in which added transparency could contribute to more stable oil markets ' .
I voted in favour of this resolution .
An offence against national security is a very elastic concept , and we genuinely hope to resume our efforts on a firm footing , while demonstrating our strong determination in this resolution .     .
That is why I fully support changing the title and specifying ‘Ceuta , Melilla’ .     Mr President , human dramas are played out at Europe’s borders ; thousands of immigrants arrive ever more regularly , particularly in Malta , Lampedusa , Ceuta and Melilla , and we have received an alarming report about the situation in the Lampedusa camp following our visit , a report that confirms our worst fears .
Fortress Europe does not exist .
