Compared to the US system , the European system is mainly financed by bank lending , but the financial crisis of the last few years in Europe and the resulting lack of liquidity have led to a drastic reduction in loans to small and medium-sized enterprises , which form the backbone of our economy .
I voted in favour of this document because I am convinced that in the negotiations on the reform of Basel II , the EU must strive to obtain equal terms with the United States on accounting standards , parity of requirements between commercial banks and investment banks , an unambiguous definition of liquidity and greater transparency with regard to the role of rating agencies .
Sadly , it is well known that the life expectancy of an African is at least 30 years less than that of a European , and this difference alone puts the model of North-South solidarity seriously to the test .
The main causes are haemorrhaging , infections and hypertensive crises .
In adopting a 2020 strategy , we need to create a framework favourable to stable economic growth and job creation .
In future , we will have to pay much more attention than we have paid so far in the Social Fund and in the entire EU 2020 strategy to the local dimension and small businesses , which make up 99 % of Europe 's economic fabric .
It attaches great importance to education systems and vocational education and training (VET ) , to decent jobs , to gender equality and to ensuring that people currently excluded from the labour market can gain access to it .
The statistics are quite clear : the global crisis has struck the labour market , putting female employment , which shrunk by a further 0.7 percentage points in 2008 , to a difficult test .
In this context , in my opinion , motherhood is an absolutely fundamental right for the purposes of social stability .
I voted in favour of the resolution , although my opinion differs even from that of my group on many amendments , in an attempt to highlight the fundamental importance of the measures linked to health and safety protection at work .
The Commission shall present a working document annexed to the draft budget with a comprehensive presentation of , inter alia , all administrative and operational expenditure related to the external actions of the Union , including the common foreign and security policy and the European security and defence policy .
The outcome of the negotiations has been good , especially for Parliament , in that its central importance has been strongly enhanced .
These arrangements will be binding and Parliament will make sure that they are complied with .
I agree that the Member States should be represented in the structure of the new service and that a large proportion of women would be appropriate .
Well , I think we have risen to the challenge marvellously , and so our satisfaction is fully justified .
The recent economic crisis has resulted in a rise in unemployment .
I am voting for the report by Mr Simpson because I consider statistical returns in respect of carriage of goods and passengers by sea to be very useful .
In fact , the collection of data by type of goods is already mandatory for European statistics on road , rail and inland waterway transport .
The EGF was set up in 2006 to provide practical support to workers made redundant either for reasons associated with the relocation of their companies or , following the 2009 amendment , on account of the economic crisis , in order to assist their reintegration into the labour market .
Today 's vote concerned a request for support for 1 590 workers at NXL Semiconductors Netherlands , an electronics company in the regions of Gelderland and Eindhoven , amounting to a sum of EUR 1 809 434 financed by the EGF.
The report adopted today concerned an application for funding submitted by Spain in relation to 1 429 workers in 23 different firms in the motor vehicle industry , totalling EUR 2 752 935 .
I voted for this report because I agree that the scheme of control and enforcement adopted by the Convention on future multilateral cooperation in the North-East Atlantic fisheries must be transposed into EU law .
I voted for the report on the proposal for a regulation laying down a scheme of control and enforcement applicable in the area covered by the Convention on future multilateral cooperation in the North-East Atlantic fisheries , to which the EU is a signatory , because I believe that that scheme needs to be incorporated into EU law .
A new procedure is adopted with the aim of improving control and enforcement of its recommendations on fisheries and , in particular , encouraging vessels of non-contracting parties to comply with the rules .
In the context of the powers newly acquired by the Committee on Fisheries , the European Parliament should be well represented during subsequent negotiations on future international conventions .
These types of contract , together with all the associated risks , are often targeted at women , who are penalised on account of their gender , their age , having a family or being immigrants .
I voted in favour of the report because I agree with the need to combat this problem and to call on the Member States and social partners to align , to a large extent , their legislative and contractual rules .
The European institutions have a duty to avoid discrimination and to allow everyone to freely attain their own occupational targets , in line with their abilities , aptitudes and inclinations .
Companies have reacted to the current economic and financial crisis by cutting temporary jobs , such as fixed-term contract workers , and have hired personnel or employees