Equally , we will need a preventive strategy to stop the Internet from becoming a playground for criminals .
This whole area is rightly regulated in an extremely strict way in almost all countries .
So , in the interest of combating crime , I would commend this proposal .
Our negotiations for membership of the Union coincided with the dying days of alcohol production using potato starch .
Now that this activity has ceased , potato growing - for the purposes of industrial starch production - has had to be cut back considerably .
The reductions will , however , be somewhat lower for countries with low-volume quotas .
What I would like to stress is the special value of potato starch as a raw material for industry .
Madam President , Mr von Habsburg looked ahead in his speech and said that we must look forward to future universal exhibitions .
Lessons should be learnt from this .
I am also glad that we are resisting 'EU nationalism ' by not restricting ourselves to European culture alone .
Appropriations for the European campaign to combat violence against women come under the same budget item .
I myself find the range a little narrow , nonetheless , and am not one hundred per cent sure that the EU should be getting involved in such an event .
You have been a fantastic President .
Mr President , as a member of the ' Friday Club' , I too would like to say a few words .
Although attendance tends to be lower on those occasions , you always behave in Friday fashion , in your usual open and friendly way .
Thank you so much for the fine times we have shared , Mr President .
We envisage an important role for the EU as a non-violent civilian peace maker .
The Finnish presidency has requested clarification as to whether the Cologne resolution means that the EU would only be able to intervene following a UN mandate , or whether the EU , like NATO , would be entitled to take the law into its own hands .
Why , according to the resolutions taken in Cologne , is the EU to create a military commission , a military council and other military institutions ?
This is a proposal which has an unnecessary bias .
Professor Prodi , the trust of the PPE Group in you is based on the civic spirit and the political orientation you have expressed : a policy of renewal for Europe , the ability to compete , liberalisation and free trade , co-operation and peace , an open and trustworthy administration and an EU which devotes itself to matters of common relevance in order to gain the trust of the citizens of the EU during the next century .
I wish you luck and welcome you to this Parliament .
Mr President , Madam Minister , just as the Minister did in a part of his speech , I am also going to use the second Finnish national language .
Precisely for this reason , many issues have also been delayed until Finland 's Presidency .
This is not in the spirit of Monnet .
Regardless of all the work carried out with a view to stabilisation , there are nevertheless risks that the streams of refugees might increase .
In this regard , I think that the Finnish agenda could have been more ambitious , in particular in light of the Kosovo crisis .
Thousands of people have been killed and maimed in the long years of this conflict .
It goes without saying that all Members of the Parliament distance themselves from Öçalan 's methods and actions .
In those countries which have applied for membership of the Union and where capital punishment still exists we are currently witnessing how it is being abolished .
Mr President , when you read this report by the Committee of Independent Experts , you are amazed at how many unsatisfactory states of affairs are reported there ; so amazed , in fact , that you wonder how it can have been possible for there to be so many .
The experts are looking for more rationality , more administrative professionalism etc. , but they are ignoring what is itself the main problem with the Commission , namely that the Commission is a political bureaucracy .
The main problem which has given rise to the cheating , fraud and other difficulties there have been over the years is precisely the fact that the Commission is political in character , meaning that it acts politically and is therefore treated in a political way by other political forces .
I had hoped to hear something quite different : more talk about the principle of transparency , more talk about freedom of information .
Will they be silenced , or will they get to speak freely ?
It has to do with the antagonism between the Member States and the central EU community .
That is when you get cheating and bad supervision and when even the EU' s inspectors and their attempts to carry out inspections are viewed as abusive meddling or as disagreeable acts of hostility .
You do not solve the problem by sending in more EU inspectors or by tightening up on the hierarchical controls .
Discussions have to be started about how the Commission might be de-politicised and about how political power might be transferred to the actual political bodies .
Large parts of the EU' s activities would benefit from renationalisation .
What is the situation now regarding freedom to provide information ?
Is this something we want to hold on to and develop or is it something we want progressively to do away with ?
Mr President , as a new Member of the European Parliament I had not anticipated coming here and beginning by saying thank you .
I would also take the opportunity