I am grateful to my colleagues in the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs and the Committee on Women 's Rights for their amendments , most of which I have incorporated into the report .
Thirdly , I cannot share the euphoric vision in which the service sector appears as an indestructible generator of jobs , because not every job that is done without payment today can be transformed into external paid employment .
Millions of people , especially those who are marginalised and unemployed as well as young , experienced and women employees , are waiting for this ambitious step towards a new dawn .
Another important aspect is undoubtedly the acquisition of key skills , team skills and holistic thinking ; we agree on that , and you know that I laid particular stress on the need for the men of our society to learn this kind of team skill .
This can be achieved by means of an employment-oriented economic policy , by restructuring society and the tax system in line with environmental objectives , and by developing the tertiary sector to create social tasks which are necessary but which the market does not perform .
It is up to Parliament , the Commission and the Council to launch new initiatives .
Care should also be taken to ensure that when a company changes hands there is a possibility of securing the jobs of the existing staff and subsequently expanding the workforce .
That is not even a difficult task .
Mr President , this Commission proposal is intended to replace , from 1 January 1999 , the existing directive 88/166/EEC on battery cages with a directive on the protection of laying hens kept in a variety of rearing systems .
We also want a tighter definition of the Commission 's monitoring activity .
And Mr Kindermann 's honest and well-intentioned report will certainly do nothing to change that , because all it achieves is better cages and then only in ten years ' time .
And battery farming cannot be healthy .
But the committee members can be forgiving of Mr Bangemann 's remarks .
Before the vote on the draft legislative resolution
He has confirmed his willingness to accept them .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , any agreement on CO2 emissions is of course meaningless without a sensible monitoring mechanism .
The first question is about comitology .
We will only be able to ensure that we have reliable data once effective measuring and monitoring systems come into force .
No one disputes that the effects are already perceptible now .
This is something I attach great importance to .
I have just one very small request relating to Amendment No 1 , which is about the sulphur content of heavy oils .
Nevertheless , this directive represents a great step forward for Europe and I am therefore really pleased to give it my approval .
Since then , I believe that many Member States have gone further than the proposal for a directive does .
I say : let us exempt renewables from this tax .
The fact that this also has an environmental side-effect is all to the good .
On this we agree : there is harmful tax competition within the EU.
The Commission has proposed 20 % and Mr Fayot 10 % .
In this context , we should not forget that there are some countries in the European Union with a 25 % tax rate .
Although these are technical changes , he is also right to say that this is actually about safety and environmental considerations , which are important policy objectives for us .
Tappin report ( A4-0394/98 ) Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I rise to address this subject out of sympathy more than anything else , because everything that there was to say on the content of the proposal has already been said .
I am sure that we are listening to each other .
Limiting copyright is not synonymous with doing without compensation .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , thanks to digitisation , reproduction technology is now so advanced that there is no discernible difference between the original and the copy .
Mr President , in all the time that I have been a Member of the European Parliament and its Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights , I have never before experienced anything like as complex a legislative procedure as this one on adapting copyright to the requirements of the information society .
When it comes to the vote , I hope that this Parliament will not help the new forms of media - which have a role to play and should be able to do so - to strike it rich , at the expense of authors .
The happy medium lies somewhere in between .
It is at this point - and I may be speaking on behalf of my group , but I do come from a northern Member State - that I should like to thank Mr Martin , because he has shown a feel for the peculiarities of wine growing , for how wine-growing traditions and also oenological practices have developed - over centuries , almost - and because his proposals have made it possible for us actually to forget the dispute we had for a very long time between northern , southern and central Europe .
The proposal , Commissioner Fischler , was also not nearly as good as this one .
This relates to the first indent of Amendment No 179 .
But that is not what we want !
I personally can agree to the compromise , which took so much hard work to achieve .
You can regulate the market , but you cannot regulate nature , the weather and the harvest .
I think that this in itself is a step forward .
At the same time