mainly the issues of enlargement and the Convention that have been the focus of attention at EU level .
In its presentation Greece mentioned some well-chosen issues it intends to address over the next six months .
We should also be as good as our word with regard to improving European competitiveness , something that was endorsed at Lisbon .
There is barely any eye contact anymore .
Does it intend to make the economic reforms insisted on by the Commission , and which Mr Prodi also mentioned here at the start , and , if so , working to what sort of timetable ?
Mr President , Commissioner , clearing and settlement are an essential element in all securities market transactions .
The Commission communication on clearing and settlement in the European Union analyses the sources of inefficiency in cross-border clearing and settlement arrangements .
It is also very important that the supervisory authorities adhere to a common approach and harmonised rules .
The solution chosen in drafting an EU securities code would not necessarily represent Europe 's single financial markets but the application of a national solution on a European scale .
Items 11 and 12 explore the most desirable way of organising securities trading settlement services and the relationship between the central securities depositories and the custodian banks .
There are considerably more differences between Member States in arrangements for securities trading clearing and settlement and custodian services than in securities trading on the stock exchange .
For example , in Germany securities are still kept in a physical form in vaults , whereas in Finland all securities have been converted into electronic recorded items , or book-entry securities .
There is also a fundamental difference in the structure of central securities depositories in continental Europe on the one hand and the Nordic countries on the other , in that information on the investor in the Nordic central securities depositories is entered directly into the system and also , except in Denmark , directly into the issuer 's register of shareholders .
If a directive should be issued on this matter , the Commission 's approach , which takes account of these differences in the markets , should be adhered to .
Items 11 and 12 in Mr Andria 's report correspond very much with the views of banks in certain countries in relation to clearing and settlement structures , and in that respect they reflect partially outdated thinking .
The rapporteur , Mr Andria , is trying to repair a situation here that works fine .
This being the case I would like to stress the importance of accepting these two amendments , and I also hope that my group will support them .
Mr President , Minister , Commissioner Patten , at the start of the 1990s I had the pleasure of participating in a programme of cooperation between a group of Russian democratic forces and one of European non-socialist parties .
This is becoming ever truer today with enlargement of the European Union to the east and Russia becoming a compass point , from the Union 's point of view , where most of our opportunities for economic cooperation lie , although there are also numerous , not to say countless , obstacles for us to overcome .
Our most crucial problem , however , is making Russia an integral part of this work .
At street level President Putin has not yet succeeded in his aim to make Russia a state subject to the rule of law , a 'dictatorship of law ' as he put it ; instead , corruption , crime , and totally unpredictable behaviour on the part of the administration still do more to prevent cooperation at public , business and Union level than Russia 's inadequate economic resources ever could .
It is for that very reason , however , that , while the next Northern Dimension Action Plan is in force over the period 2004-2006 , we should work hard to increase political activity in that direction to reassure the Russians that cooperation between us is advantageous to both parties , although it is definitely more important for them than it is for us .
I still think it is worth considering that one of them should focus on developing cooperation with our neighbours Russia , Ukraine , Belarus and the Mediterranean regions .
The importance of the existing delegations from these countries is growing , and they must become more active .
African and Asian questions are important , and we in the North also understand that , but from the viewpoint of a Europe our children will inherit , the most important direction in which we should be looking is nevertheless the country next door to us and the one offering great opportunities , Russia .
I would like to thank the Commission for its report and also its ideas for the future .
I believe that we have done a lot of the foundation work since 1999 with a view to getting Russia still more actively involved .
The size of the appropriation and whether it increases will then depend more on our partners in Russia and in other countries in the neighbouring regions than on us .
After all , we in the Nordic countries also understand the importance of the Barcelona Process and the Mediterranean Partnership .
The aim must be that the Commission makes a greater commitment to respond to the special questions posed by the EU 's northern regions .
The EU 's forthcoming Northern Dimension Action Plan must be broad in scope , to make possible political and economic dialogue and action in all sectors of society .
As Commissioner Patten has already said , very much has already been done in the area of cooperation on energy .
In that area , of course , cooperation has to be strengthened further .
