Mr President , in Monday 's debate on the forest fires during the summer of 2009 , I said that natural conditions will alter with climate change .
We can and must be better prepared .
That is why I had to vote against my group 's position today with regard to Amendment 5 and , to be perfectly honest , that position puzzles me greatly .
One feels fully justified in saying that the destruction caused by forest fires could have been prevented if certain Member States had developed and implemented more effective preventive measures and worked harder to stop criminal activity in the acquisition of more land to build on .
It has been suggested that climate change is one cause of the increase in the number of forest fires , and it is true that Europe will have to prepare for longer forest fire seasons than just June to September which , until now , has been the norm .
It is one thing to adapt to the changing environment ; it is quite another to accept rigid bad practices and be unprepared .
It was agreeable to hear that , in the name of the Council and the Commission , the cooperation pact would focus on human rights and democracy and try to promote the development of the rule of law .
It was also excellent to hear that an ombudsman 's institution had been established in Tajikistan .
I would like to raise another point regarding the question of water resources .
We have to remember that Natalia Estemirova , Zarema Sadulayeva , Alik Dzhabrailov and many others who have suffered and lost their lives in their defence of human rights deserve the support of all of us .
I have noted that the European Union has communicated with Russia officially on the subject .
We should discuss whether we could offer protection to those in danger and whether the EU institutions can arrange visas for them promptly , so that they can escape from Russia , where they and their lives are at risk .
In the opinion of the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance , it is important that the European Parliament should have a centre which disseminates information on the situation of human rights activists whose lives are in danger and which endeavours to help them in collaboration with the other institutions .
Anna Politkovskaya once said that the West can do so much , but the West does so little .
Now let us turn to the Zhovtis case .
Accordingly , we should focus attention on the case of human rights defender Yevgeny Zhovtis .
The European Parliament also needs to keep this debate going with the Council and the Commission , so that they might raise the issue of this case and demand a fair trial .
Mr President , the European Parliament can have a powerful influence on the extent to which the countries of Central Asia endorse the principle of the rule of law by keeping a record of these individual cases , and the case of Yevgeny Zhovtis is without a doubt one of these . author . - ( FI ) Mr President , I am pleased that we have had the courage to put the spotlight on the human rights situation in Syria at this point in time .
It is not enough just to focus cooperation on improving the economic situation .
The case is not the first of its kind .
Syria has a very long way to go when it comes to freedom of speech and of association .
In my opinion , the onus is very much on us to demand the release of political prisoners and compliance with international human rights agreements before we can move on with the EU -Syria association agreement .
Human rights in the world are not just a lot of solitary islands : they are a fabric , in which everything has an impact on everything else , and if we tolerate neglect and turn a blind eye , that will eat away at our own rights here before very long .
Only in that way can we make human life worthwhile .
Despite the many promises made by developed countries , expressed publicly at the G20 and G8 Summits , for example , the amount of aid sent to developing countries is nowhere near what was pledged .
The considerable growth in International Monetary Fund resources and changes to that organisation 's decision-making system are two reasons for thinking there may be positive developments .
The financing needed to fight and adapt to climate change is an additional responsibility that the developed world cannot afford to wriggle out of .
The fundamental pillar of the new international rules must be the notion of more equal opportunities to be involved in revising the rules as well as playing by them .
If we are to preserve the earth in the state that life here has adapted to , we will have to establish a carbon-neutral economy by the year 2050 .
Nevertheless , time is still spent debating whether we are a hundred per cent certain that humans are causing climate change or not .
Some of our behavioural models are doggedly opposed to change , while the rest only change slowly .
The Union must clearly commit to a 30 % cut in emissions by 2020 and an 80 % cut by 2050 .
Part of the agreement will be a credible promise given by the EU to help the developing countries with information and technology transfers and adequate sums of money in assistance .
From the viewpoint of the Subcommittee on Human Rights , I would like to stress that democracy and human rights belong inseparably together .
This clearly shows us that human rights cannot be divorced from democracy .
The resources available to us are dialogue with other countries