On the other hand , some Member States’ national regulatory authorities might even have done too much .
Efficient operators and efficient markets should not be penalised .
Regulation should be there to please the customers , not only the competitors .
In this respect , we should put more trust in competition law .
That is not regularly enough .
The fact is this current electronic communications regulation does not really work .
I say that as rapporteur for the report on Parliament’s framework directive .
The services are therefore not cheap enough .
If there is no competition money can be used on product development and the company concerned has a better chance for development than the one which has to compete fiercely .
The position of the regulatory authorities varies greatly from one country to another and the status they enjoy should be made more even among different countries .
As regards the new legislation , it has to be neutral with regard to technology .
It would be better if it were framework rather than detailed legislation , and it should guarantee a competitive environment and a secure service for consumers .
We share the same concerns as the Commission , so can we not also move forward together ?     .
Europe , which actually invests in energy use efficiency , is once again an example for other continents to follow .
In my country , for example , it will be thought impossible as a goal to be achieved every year unless the initial energy-effective situation we already have is taken into consideration .
Moreover , in my country we already refer to guidelines for energy-efficient public procurement and buildings .
Fortunately , then , the Kyoto negotiations may be continued on the basis of the outcome of the Montreal Summit .
It came just prior to the negotiations to be held tomorrow and the guidelines for future budgets in the period 2007–2013 to be presented the day after tomorrow .
There are no good arguments for it .
The very fact that there might not be budgetary harmony would , under Article 272 of the Treaty , have given Parliament the use of more payment appropriations than the proposal which the negotiating parties have agreed on .
It is strange that the Commission did not feel the need to defend its own original proposal , but instead took the side of the Council .
We in Parliament will remember this if there is not enough cash in the Structural Funds to make payments .
In this way the EU will increase its powers , even though the Member States have not legally bestowed them .
We want a more social and less military Europe .     Mr President , I wish to thank Mr Pittella and Mr Dombrovskis , rapporteurs for the budget , for their excellent budget draft , as well as Mr Lewandowski , the Chairman of the Committee on Budgets , for his conciliatory role as leader of the negotiations .
This particularly applies to the research framework programme and training programmes .
The new financial framework should bolster European entrepreneurship and therefore employment .
Research and development , and training and the promotion of cohesion will have key roles to play in this .
The proposal at Luxembourg back in June drastically reduced the appropriations intended to improve competitiveness by a hefty EUR 60 billion .
Another EUR 12 billion has been cut from the Structural Funds in addition to the reduction of EUR 29 billion made at Luxembourg .
The budget should aim at the future and endorse action which no single Member State can afford on its own .
I hoped that this directive would be an opportunity to correct the distortions of competition which the failed emissions trading directive entails .
I opposed common savings targets binding on all Member States right to the last , because I saw them as punishing countries where energy savings measures had already been practised for a long time .
For some , the Commission ’s proposed target was actually quite tough , while for others it was ridiculously easy .
This is my interpretation of the outcome .
There is a risk of excessive bureaucracy .
Nevertheless , I wish to make three brief points .
The first concerns the balance between freedom and security .
Perhaps we are rushing things .
My second point concerns cost-efficiency or efficiency in general .
We have not gone far enough in trying to estimate how much this legislation costs .
It might seem that I am against this whole initiative , but I am not .
What came out of the Committee on Civil Liberties , Justice and Home Affairs was quite good .
Therefore I would urge this European Parliament not to be bullied by the Council or the UK Presidency but to find a compromise and push it through .     Madam President , firstly , I would like to thank Mr Alvaro for his excellent work as Parliament’s rapporteur on this issue ; Mrs Cederschiöld too has done excellent work as co-rapporteur .
Yes , we all agree that terrorism should be fought efficiently .
But no , all citizens should not be treated as criminals .
I am against this proposal .
Firstly , because the so-called compromise allows the use of retained data when investigating serious crimes , without defining these serious crimes .
One could suppose so when reading the statements from the content industry .
However , in electronic communications the frontiers are artificial .
Various estimates have been presented , and it is without question that the costs to operators and internet service providers are high .
The Commission fully shares the position set out in the document defining the framework for accession negotiations , in other words the negotiating mandate of the Union that Turkey should progressively align positions within international organisations with those