This will ensure that research in the field can make progress within a regulated framework and that European researchers and ultimately patient groups can benefit immediately from new knowledge and skills in the field .
I am against artificial deadlines .
In any case , we have to use our common sense in this matter .     – Mr President , I would sincerely like to thank my colleague , Rolf Linkohr , for his commendable work in this important matter .
The final sum for the Seventh Framework Programme has to be EUR 30 billion .
Statistical illusion also has a part in this .
The most important tool in Europe to achieve the 3 % target is companies and in particular SMEs .
The reason for this is that the notion of innovation is vague , the rules can be interpreted in many ways , and , consequently , there is uncertainty over the fairness of the system .
Market-oriented research support for SMEs should be encouraged through special funding .
The establishment of a European Research Council would strengthen the worldwide competitive position of basic research carried out in Europe at the highest scientific level .
It is also important that the Commission should provide further and more accurate information about which forms of public aid do not distort competition .
The Commission ’s aims to investigate and clarify the Community’s R[amp]D state aid system and target such aid at horizontal objectives are very important and welcome .     – Madam President , I wish to thank both my colleagues for their very creditable work in this area .
The topic he deals with is now extremely important because the Commission is for example calling for the swift implementation of the new European regulatory framework in all Member States .
We must keep to what we have decided .
Point 34 in Mr Clegg’s report is not the correct way to proceed in the situation as it is now , since in my view it conflicts with the Universal Service Directive .
The whole information and communications technology sector has to be regulated until the markets are fully competitive .
That is only fair for everyone .
That is European innovation .
I will start with the reasoning behind the proposal : is there really a problem ?
First , the environmental effects should be seen in a wider context .
The proposal contains a reference to a 1997 OECD report , which concluded that ‘gasoline tourism ’ accounted for 20 % of sales in Switzerland , for example .
Even if one accepted this figure , there is no way of knowing whether this is a real substitution – that truckers are not filling up before departing from the country of origin – or whether this is a result of drivers making detours in order to fill up in certain countries .
Neither am I at all convinced that it is even desirable to eliminate differences in excise duty between Member States .
Scandinavian truckers are unlikely to be affected by gasoline tourism in the same way as German or Belgian haulage companies allegedly are in the congested regions of the Union .
The Commission has presented concrete proposals on infrastructure charges and taxes , so it would have been better if these measures had been proposed simultaneously .
How , moreover , will this proposal affect the new Member States , some of which at present apply taxes that are significantly lower than those in force in the EU at the moment ?
Is it , as the Commission suggests , realistic to expect a harmonised tax rate to apply to all 25 Member States by 2012 ?
Besides , the candidate countries have already done a lot to adapt to the current minimum tax rate and already the relatively modest increase foreseen in the Directive on energy tax may pose difficulties for some countries .
We have to consider what impact the harmonisation of these tax rates would have , for example , on R[amp]D for diesel engines .
Finally , I want to say that before the summer recess I tried to make some amendments to this proposal , to make it possible for Parliament to adopt it .
I therefore hope that in future a new constitutional agreement will allow the use of the codecision procedure and qualified majority decision-making in matters of taxation , making it much easier for Parliament to adopt a Commission proposal with certain amendments and return to the issue at second reading .     – Madam President , Europe must take measures relating to car use if we wish to comply with our Kyoto obligations .
It would be shortsighted to try to attain the Kyoto targets at the expense of those who create employment , if no previous attempt had been made to exploit all the opportunities which transport affords for reducing emissions .
The directive now before us is important for efforts to achieve the same end from the demand side by making costs visible to consumers .
As it is not possible to adopt such a comprehensive approach now , and as this directive fixes the level of fuel taxes for quite a long time , a decision seems unlikely .
People have a tendency to reconsider their choices only when a major change occurs , such as when moving house , transferring to a new place of employment or buying a new car ; they may not even realise substantial developments in public services have been made .
At all events , it is important from the outset to stress in public information the ultimate objective of internalising the external costs of transport .
Diesel vehicles consume less fuel and produce fewer carbon dioxide emissions .
It may be considered a justified objective , therefore , to align the rates of excise duty on diesel and