The Danish government has therefore stated in the Council that it assumes that the current cooperation agreements in the Danish labour market comply with the directive ' s requirements .
I should like to ask the Commission whether it is of the same view as the Danish government .
I should also like to thank Mrs Ghilardotti for having agreed that sanctions must be established nationally .
It is very important that the Member States themselves should devise appropriate sanctions , that this is done by means of agreements between the social partners and that we take account of the Member States ' different systems .
If Parliament had maintained its hard line , the proposal could have been rejected by the Council , and that would have been a major defeat for the unions which , for years , have been campaigning for the right of employees to be informed and consulted .
Mr President , I , too , wish to congratulate Mrs Weiler on her report .
I do not agree that we , in the EU , should have a directive granting any rights , but I well understand that many in this House want to see special emphasis and importance given to actually ensuring a right to training .
The employment guidelines provide , of course , both some political priorities and some political objectives , and they also provide a framework for deciding which funds are to be used in order to achieve the objectives .
The unemployed must be made better qualified to obtain jobs .
That is the first pillar .
Thirdly , adaptability and flexibility must be promoted so that companies become more competitive .
And fourthly , more opportunities must be provided for combining working life and family life so that there is a real opportunity for women to achieve equality in the labour market , leading to an improvement in the employment situation where women are concerned .
Many points have been registered under the four pillars , and I believe we are coming to a point at which it is worth considering whether we are pinning too much on this process , for the more objectives we add to the process , the more we are also in danger of watering down the cooperation and perhaps losing sight of the real goals , namely those of creating more jobs and getting the unemployed into work .
I also believe this underlines the fact that the Commission will need resources for carrying out analyses and studies within this area .
Mr President , I do not wish to make any profession of political faith in the many detailed proposals to be found in the report and in the Commission ' s proposal for a Council decision .
However , I have some general remarks on employment policy and the EU' s labour market policy which have , of course , been an overriding theme of a number of reports and proposals here this afternoon .
There is , of course , a very big gap between the reports of various kinds and the social reality .
A similar remove from reality is reflected in quite a few places in this report .
The Treaty ' s convergence requirements and such like may , upon examination , perhaps be seen as wishful thinking , but the only problem is that the Treaty is out of step with reality .
The other remark I have to make is that employment policy and labour market policy , in general , consist , in large measure , of just such political confessions of faith .
On the one hand , this means that we are operating in an area where what is decided is not legally binding , and this , of course , gives free rein to a lot of fine words and good intentions .
What , however , there is , at present , no legal base for , there may in future be a legal base for .
However , I would remind you that , in Denmark , we have a saying about all good intentions , to the effect that 'the way to hell is paved with good intentions ' .
Mr President , the Council of Ministers has presented a common position on mechanical vibrations .
The best is that agreement on a compromise has been successfully reached in the Council .
It is also good that all three institutions appear to be in agreement as to a method of limiting these vibrations .
In the Committee reading , we talked a lot about the limit values .
That is really rather a pity , however , for it is in actual fact the action values that are the most important for , when the action values are exceeded , the employer is obliged to do something and to take preventative action to change the way in which the work is organised .
It is precisely this method which offers flexibility and emphasises prevention rather than injunctions .
That is a great pity , in view of the fact that they themselves often talk about flexibility and prevention rather than injunctions .
The Commission ' s original proposal has been weakened in a number of ways , and it has therefore been necessary to table some amendments .
Amendment No 1 is a reminder that we still do not have the directives concerning the remaining physical agents .
We have been waiting for many years .
As I say , it is good that the Council could agree to set a limit value , but when you consider how high it really is , you can also understand how agreement could have been successfully reached .
The report therefore proposes a limit value of 0.8 m/s2 .
We know from the internationally recognised ISO standards that it can be said with certainty that there are health