necessary for the individual institutions .
At the same time , there is agreement that the ceiling for the administrative expenditure in 2003 should be retained .
The two branches of the budget authority have agreed that , in particular , pre-enlargement expenditure intended to be applied in 2003 may , as far as is possible , be applied as early as this year .
For the moment , the purpose of this frontloading exercise is to finance the publication of the Community 's body of laws in the languages of the new Member States .
By means of an agreement reached as early as in July , the institutions will acquire the best possible basis for planning as they prepare for enlargement .
Moreover , it is a good thing that we are agreed about following up the opportunities for increased interinstitutional cooperation indicated by the secretaries-general of the institutions in a series or reports .
Both Parliament and the Council accord high priority to the EU 's participation in external actions , that is to say the common foreign and security policy .
As I am quite sure MEPs agree , it is a question of the EU 's credibility .
At the consultation meeting in July , the European Parliament , the Council and the Commission agreed that , when required by the circumstances , the emergency aid reserve for humanitarian aid may also be used for civil crisis management .
It was also agreed that an attempt should be made to enter into an agreement concerning the appropriations to the common foreign and security policy .
We must secure the appropriations to the CFSP in 2003 in the light of new and essential tasks .
It is heartening that such good results have already been achieved in this field .
In this way , preparation has been made for taking over the policing mission in Bosnia-Herzegovina .
The Council therefore proposes a total appropriation for the common foreign and security policy of EUR 47.5 million for 2003 .
Moreover , there is a need for more appropriations for non-proliferation and disarmament measures .
I shall touch briefly upon the Commission 's proposal to use the flexibility instrument for providing funding to the tune of EUR 27 million for restructuring the Spanish and Portuguese fishing fleets .
In this area , both the European Parliament and the Council have undertaken to find a solution before the close of the budget procedure .
In the Council 's view , the flexibility instrument should only be used in extraordinary circumstances .
Finally , a couple of words about the growth rate for the global appropriations for payments .
During the consultation in July , Parliament declared that the growth rate for the global appropriations for payments should be kept as low as possible .
As politicians , all of us in this Assembly are well aware that significant refunds to the Member States of unused EU funds present the public with a poor picture of the EU.
The Council would like to request the Commission to state the anticipated surplus for 2002 so that this can be factored into the 2003 budget via a letter of amendment .
The global appropriations for commitments amount to EUR 99 548 million , which constitutes an increase of scarcely 0.9 % on the 2002 figure .
The global appropriations for payments amount to EUR 96 992 million , which constitutes an increase of 1.4 % on the 2002 figure .
This low growth rate must be seen in the light of the limited use of appropriations for payments in preceding years .
The first reading of the 2003 draft budget took place : with due account being taken of the interinstitutional agreement of 6 May 1999 on budgetary discipline and improvement of the budgetary procedure within the framework of the Council 's conclusions of 5 March 2002 concerning the budgetary guidelines for 2003 , and with account being taken of the conclusions from the consultation meeting of 19 July 2002 between Parliament and the Council .
I should like to emphasise a couple of the main points in the Council draft budget within the various areas of expenditure .
Experience has shown that the appropriations for the common agricultural policy have often been set too high .
Due account can be taken in this context of the latest information concerning , for example , market conditions and the changing rate of exchange of the dollar .
When it comes to the appropriations for the development of rural districts , the Council has accepted the Commission 's preliminary draft budget .
This has happened in accordance with the conclusions from the European Council meeting in March 1999 in Berlin .
There has nonetheless been a downwards adjustment of EUR 525 million in the appropriations to the Structural Funds in the light of previous years ' underutilisation of the appropriations .
Where the internal policies are concerned , the Council has accepted the amounts about which agreement was reached in connection with already adopted multiannual programmes .
In the case of programmes under discussion , the Council has adjusted the appropriations so that they reflect the Council 's common position or the result of the discussions in the Council .
Allow me also just to mention that the Council has slightly increased the appropriations for funding the special Olympic Games in Europe in 2003 .
Where expenditure area 4 - external policies - is concerned , the Council has accepted the appropriations in the Commission 's draft budget almost in their entirety .
Under expenditure area 4 , the Council has agreed to accept the appropriations to international fisheries agreements proposed by the Commission .
A margin of EUR 80 million under the ceiling for expenditure area 4 has been left , enabling the European Parliament to fund various priorities , at the same time as making it possible also to cover future needs .
