as Members of Parliament , we have a duty to promote and defend international law as the best means of defending human rights .
Mr President , I should like to use these two minutes to talk about an issue linked exclusively to the crisis in Kosovo : the humanitarian crisis suffered by hundreds of refugees in the area today .
Why have we not ratified the Amsterdam Treaty ?
And to stress the question , do you not believe that it would be better if , rather than just supporting the referendum , the European Union were to make use of its positive influence on Morocco and call for a fair referendum - which the Sahrawi people are anxiously awaiting - in the next six months , which will be a crucial period ?
Is it based on criteria linked to economics , geography and remoteness ?
In Agenda 2000 , the Commission of the European Communities stated that these outermost regions were to remain exempt from the condition that the per capita GDP must be less than 75 % of the Community average to warrant Objective 1 status .
This is an important matter ; we cannot be sure that no budget decisions that affect , or may affect , Parliament 's responsibilities will be taken during the forthcoming summit .
Are the legal rules , in this case the Treaties , only seen as valid rules because we are forced to abide by them ?
Therefore , this report clearly cannot include every last detail of the improvements that will be required .
Applause
I fully agree with the rapporteur , Mr Newman , that this committee is constitutional in nature and should be maintained within Parliament 's future committee structure .
The fact that so many petitions are received in relation to the environment clearly proves the extent to which the people and the non-governmental organisations - who submit the complaints - are concerned about preserving the natural environment .
If this does not happen , the public will feel increasingly frustrated about the concerns they express to the Committee on Petitions regarding the various problems that exist .
As you are all aware , it is not a matter of making radical changes , rather , as we understand it , of putting things in their place .
Here we are dealing with a horizontal policy as opposed to a sectoral policy and , what is more , one of the tasks recently assigned to this committee is 'relations with regional and local authorities and with the Committee of the Regions ' .
Mr President , last November , a group of Members from Parliament 's Committee on Research , Technological Development and Energy visited Venice .
Venice is a part of man 's heritage .
The vaporetto is the only form of transport in Venice and it creates serious problems for the environment .
This shortcoming is a historical legacy and does not make sense nowadays .
Immunity is not a privilege .
However , the fact that the allegations are well-founded does not of course mean that Mr Moniz is guilty ; that is for the courts to decide .
That is why we have approved this resolution .
It is an excellent working document and I naturally agree with the philosophy behind it , which is clear and which specifies the essential details .
The integration of the social protocol into the Treaty itself constitutes another important change .
Moving on from here , we are bound by another important principle which is also related to the responsibility we have to the people and which I mentioned earlier .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I must congratulate Mrs Ana de Palacio .
For some 20 proposals , Parliament 's involvement changes from a simple ruling to codecision .
I certainly appreciate the goodwill Parliament has shown in dealing with all urgent pending matters - especially those relating to Agenda 2000 - at this part-session despite the pressures of time .
Furthermore , not all the Member States of the European Union are affected by the measures mentioned .
Mr President , this issue was dealt with at the latest meeting of the Committee on Agriculture .
We need to move forward to a completely new stage characterised by transparency and efficiency in the work of the Commission and in its relations with Parliament .
We also urge him to combat social exclusion and poverty by promoting public services across the European Union .
In this connection , the Commission and its President must , with Parliament 's support , boost the Council 's scant political will to define a common foreign and security policy for Europe which is not subservient to the United States .
Yet now the spokespersons for the major groups are referring to the drafting of such a document as a key part of the Commission 's work .
As far as Parliament is concerned , I am sure Mr Prodi will pass with distinction .
The major conflict we are confronted with at the moment is of course in the Balkans , which are at the crossroads between Central and Eastern Europe and southern Europe .
As Professor Prodi is well aware , the more developed countries and regions seem to be consolidating their economic progress whereas the less developed areas seem destined to remain firmly fixed in their disadvantaged position .
The first relates to the speech made by Mr Fischer , the President-in-Office of the Council .
Secondly , Parliament 's proposal on the matter received a prompt reply .
I do feel however that the Council has shown goodwill in this case .
It is based on the text presented by the Council with the opposite aim in mind .
We should not entertain the thought of confrontation without any compromise solution .
I shall quote a few examples