.
The USA and Britain imposed a no-fly zone in April 1991 .
In 1994 , Iraq recognised the territorial integrity of Kuwait .
From 1991 to 1997 , UN inspectors - UNSCOM - systematically and comprehensively inspected , destroyed and verified Iraq 's capacity to produce weapons of mass destruction .
The UN representative reported to the UN in 1997 that UNSCOM 's work had covered virtually everything about Iraq .
In 1998 the International Atomic Energy Agency declared that Iraq no longer had a nuclear capacity .
The oil for food programme started in 1996 has been excessively bureaucratic and incompetent , resulting in long delays in procuring essential medicines and food supplies .
Of the USD 28 billion worth of oil revenue over three years , only USD 7 billion has been utilised for imports and USD 12 billion remains frozen in a bank in New York .
If the sanctions were intended to destroy Iraq 's military capacity , then they have done the job .
If the sanctions were intended to dislodge Saddam Hussein , this has not still been achieved after ten years .
However , ten years of sanctions have caused enormous suffering and hardship for the 22 million people of Iraq .
High infant mortality , decreasing life expectancy , increased incidence of cancer and treatable diseases , continue to devastate the social fabric of a country that once enjoyed a high standard of living .
The intellectual embargo has deprived doctors , teachers and other professionals of the advances in science and technology .
I believe the European Union must reassess its position in helping those suffering acute hardship .
There are six EU States - Germany , France , Italy , Spain , Portugal and Greece - represented diplomatically in Iraq today .
These diplomats share the view of the UN Office in Iraq , WHO , Red Cross , and other NGOs that the EU can , through its diplomacy , achieve a breakthrough .
Our parliamentarians and Commission officials should go on fact-finding missions to Iraq to meet members of the Iraqi Parliament , EU diplomats , international agencies and NGOs .
Such dialogue will help to establish the facts as they are today and help identify how this deadlock can be broken so that sanctions can be lifted for non-military suppliers .
I hope that this House will vote in favour of this resolution .
Mr President , like Mr Andrews I speak this afternoon as one who regards himself as a friend of the Arab and Islamic world .
This resolution can only be supported if recital A and paragraph 1 are regarded as being at its absolute core .
We are saying that any relaxation of sanctions must depend upon Iraq respecting United Nations resolutions .
In particular we must ask Iraq to cooperate with the International Committee of the Red Cross on tracing the 604 Kuwaiti citizens who disappeared as a result of the illegal Iraqi occupation of Kuwait .
If there is to be any EU visit to Iraq it must include a visit to those families in Kuwait who are still waiting to know ten years later what happened to their loved ones .
Any weaker position on the part of the EU will not help the people of Iraq , but will condemn them to perpetual tyranny .
If you are going to be fair Mr President , let me say I express total satisfaction with the reply of the Commission .
Mr President , I had the honour of representing the European Parliament on the management committee of the European Monitoring Centre on Racism and Xenophobia and one of my colleagues there was Professor Doctor Anton Pelinka , representing the Austrian government .
He played an important role in our deliberations , counselling moderation when others wanted to move too far and too fast , resisting cheap easy stereotyping of those we were investigating and imposing fact in preference to fantasy .
All in all , he was a frustrating friend for those of us who wanted to move further and faster .
I was therefore shocked to discover that state victimisation has been taking place against Professor Pelinka , first when Haider 's lawyer , acting as prosecutor and judge in the case of libel against Mr Haider , whom Professor Pelinka described as responsible for having made National Socialist positions and statements politically acceptable .
Second , when he was constructively dismissed from his position as vice-president of the management committee of the Monitoring Centre through administrative harassment by sections of the current Austrian government .
This resolution charges our Committee on Civil Liberties , as Mr Watson requested on Monday , to follow these developments closely .
Perhaps we should not be surprised at what has happened .
Mr Haider said in 1992 of Professor Pelinka , after the latter had pointed out the Nazi past of Hans Steinecker , a precursor of the Freedom Party : " The time is up for falsifiers of history and those who insult Austria .
Pelinka has a disturbed relationship with Carinthia and his manner of permanently propagating falsehoods is unacceptable . "
In March this year the Freedom Party said : " The newspapers were right once again .
Now he ( Häider ) is threatening us . "
But he is not threatening anybody .
It is quite normal .
When I feed a dog and it bites me then I will not feed it any more because otherwise it may bite me again .
The wise men have a hard task in front of them over the coming six months .
Mr President , on a point of order .
Following the debates with the Council last night I was wondering whether this report is actually close enough to the original proposal for first reading procedure to be possible .
There are certainly a number of amendments where we need further clarification