of fundamental rules and some more technical provisions .
Before the Convention begins its work , the Commission will state its position on many issues , such as the powers of the Union and of the Member States , the strengthening of Parliament 's legislative role , the distinction between the Council 's executive and legislative functions , and the Commission 's executive tasks .
Mr President , Madam President-in-Office of the Council , President of the Commission , ladies and gentlemen , I feel that upholding the Community method has become a habit for many people and I would go as far as to say a religion for some , with its greater and lesser priests : President Delors , you , President Prodi , and Ferdinando Riccardi , who preaches his daily sermon in Agence Europe .
However , I feel , Chairman Poettering , that we are , so to speak , firing on the relief workers , for the problem is institutional , it is Laeken ; we need to make radical changes to the institutional system to restore the Commission ' s former power and legitimacy .
Each Commissioner stands before the relevant Parliamentary committee on average seven times a year to discuss political issues relating to his or her responsibilities , to his or her portfolio ; 80 % of subjects are dealt with in plenary by the committee responsible ; a record-breaking number of confidential documents has been sent to Parliament ; each year , to date , we answer over 3 000 questions from Members of Parliament and dealt with 200 petitions referred to us by the Ombudsman .
What I would ask , however , is that we be informed of dates for meetings with the committee chairmen a long time in advance ; indeed , I assure you that on the few occasions when we were unable to meet , it was because we already had absolutely unbreakable commitments .
The Convention did not just appear out of nowhere , it was not presented to us on a plate ; the Convention was a working relationship between Parliament and the Commission immediately after Nice , at a time when both institutions were in the deepest despair .
Finally , on a lighter note , with regard to institutional reform , I would like to inform Mr Barón Crespo and the other four group chairmen that I replied to their letters on 5 December and that my response bears the reference number 850511 .
This is the bottom line .
They get tired of having soup for lunch every day as well !
I regret to say that our Member States do not want inspections , and so I call for the food authority to be given the power , in the future , to genuinely carry out unannounced inspections on public canteens , school canteens , company canteens and canteens in the institutions where elderly people live when they are no longer able to live with their families .
This would , first and foremost , increase transparency and thus also permit more effective and productive monitoring of the situation .
To get round this problem it will , I think , be necessary to gradually shift the emphasis away from the Essen priority projects and national infrastructure projects towards transit and cross-border projects , so as to strengthen the policy of sustainable transport and promote integration between different modes of transport .
I therefore ask the Commission once again to provide a better definition of the concept of cross-border area and region .
As always , Commissioner Diamantopoulou is highly alert ; indeed , she is one of the most alert , able and sharp-minded of the Commission ' s representatives .
This report reflects on the need to respond politically to the problems posed by globalisation in order to contribute to the political , social and economic progress of the international community and to overcome violence .
Therefore , ready as we are to defend ourselves against terrorists , enemies of human rights , by every lawful means , we reject any temptation to use instruments that reduce the levels of civilisation on which we pride ourselves , even when faced with pressing , genuine demands .
After incomprehensible resistance from - I regret to say - my own government , even the latter project is about to be implemented , and I hope my government does not make the country pay for its contradictions in this matter .
The open statement that Schengen has often been violated and that this must not happen again ; the threat to the freedom of the individual from secret , illegally compiled blacklists ; the need to penalise , not least through international instruments , the disproportionate use of force by police forces ; the ban on discrimination between European citizens : all this , which is contained in the Watson report , is the plan of work for this Parliament , which , unlike the other parliaments in the Member States , manages to find a spirit of true unity on these matters .
We are opening up an enormous breach in our defences against the death penalty .
We must vote against this resolution !
Then there are the views of the so-called anti-globalisation movements , which are also topical and important ; they are the views of those who imagine a development model with greater respect for people and the environment , those who imagine a more just society in which wealth is redistributed more fairly .
I hope this will be the first step towards European harmonisation on matters of justice , and especially an important precondition for a European political Constitution guaranteeing all European citizens the right to security , freedom and justice .
This has all come about through instrumental amendments , in the form of direct attacks on the Italian Government and its President .
