the moment the Commission is reticent about what is being asked .
At this moment , there are 18 million people out of work in the 15 Member States , and the situation is especially difficult for women and young people -one in five cannot find a job .
There is a great lack of transnational cooperation between those who take the decisions affecting this activity and local government , economic agents , trade and consumer associations .
Tourism covers a complex system of activities involving thousands of SMEs and many small family businesses .
Mr President , first I would like to congratulate the rapporteurs for the excellent work done on their respective reports .
Secondly , every region should introduce measures to make information available on access to Community grants for rural tourism , and assist the tourism projects of rural local authorities , with the participation and cooperation of all the local agents , so that diversified rural tourism products can be designed and offered under coherent local management .
And the final contradiction is cultural and social in the sense of fighting xenophobia , which is increasing in Europe , and account should therefore be taken of these considerations .
I refer to our colleagues on the Committee on Budgets who have actually supported cancelling all allocations to tourism in the next financial year .
To conclude I would like to recall the philosophy of Philoxenia , which means hospitality and respect for foreigners .
On the contrary , it is the ultimate product of a situation which began with the defeated Soviet invasion of 1980 and continued with an American political adventure in the region , resulting in total chaos and very serious destabilizing consequences .
The European Union must suspend any cooperation that is not strictly humanitarian and there must be a total embargo on the sale of arms as long as the fundamentalists remain in power , while assistance to refugees must be maintained .
This Parliament cannot set itself up as supreme judge , condemning a government as an assassin , without a process of careful investigation of the facts to discover the truth without a shadow of a doubt .
Another trade unionist in the oil industry has also been assassinated as well as - and we do not forget it - conservatives .
This Parliament cannot let this go on .
We must do our utmost to prevent companies from this continent appearing to be involved in these processes .
Mr President , I think this should be noted so that Parliament can also concern itself with this situation .
And we obviously cannot forget that certain European countries , particularly France , are giving diplomatic support to keep General Mobuto in power in Zaire .
Another unsuccessful attempt , whether Mr Bertens likes it or not .
I ask that the Presidency take note of this because the resolution we are going to pass on Venezuela is obviously not just a matter of urgency , it is also a matter of principle .
Having emphasized that point , it only remains for me to congratulate the rapporteurs , and especially Mrs Bennasar , for these very positive reports which reaffirm the need to establish and define a new Community tourism policy now that we have managed to obtain a little money , Mr President .
Despite this discourtesy , our Group will support the proposal for a regulation , as it supports the application to the World Trade Organization .
As the Committee on Foreign Affairs says , stringent measures have to be taken to counter the unacceptable commercial and political provocation offered by the United States with the HelmsBurton Act and the d'Amato Act , since , as the rapporteur rightly said , this legislation will also have to be used to counter the future d'Amato Act relating to Iran and Libya .
The minimum price was welcomed by the sector as a first step towards a proper resolution of the crisis .
In late August this year , at the request of the Association of Scottish Salmon Growers , the Commission opened an anti-dumping case against Norway .
If no action is taken now , and the price of salmon continues to fall , many producers will be unable to cover their production costs .
A Commission spokesperson argues that this is contrary to the letter and spirit of the agreement on the European Economic Area , but in fact it is the dumping faced by Community producers which is really contrary to both letter and spirit .
At all events , it must be said that Mr Gallagher has done an excellent job , although admittedly he was not flexible or bold enough to accept the amendment to indent 3 of paragraph 7 , which would have considerably improved his report .
Mr President , whilst I do not intend to disregard other reports , I shall concentrate on the monitoring report , which the rapporteur , Mrs McKenna , has tackled in a very realistic manner .
I believe effective control over compliance with MAGPs is also needed , as well as the introduction of a system of genuinely deterrent penalties .
I would like to add a few comments to this general discussion .
What is the use of complying with technical measures if the whole sector knows that a breach of the rules is not penalized and that this is the true cause of the capture of juvenile fish ?
Mr President , I request that the minutes be checked , since clearly you have not been listening to the discussion .
Rural areas have to be viewed from three standpoints : sociological , as a world to be promoted and developed , ecological , as a space to be put in order and protected , and cultural , as the home of the principles and traditions which have given rise to collective awareness .
