Environmental concerns must , however , be balanced against the needs of the aviation industry to ensure its success in the future .
I was disappointed with the report from the Commission , not least because it was so negative towards aviation .
Unfortunately this has been built upon by the rapporteur .
I would like to assist honourable Members by pointing out the following information : air transport is responsible for generating 25 million direct jobs world-wide .
In the United Kingdom alone aviation is responsible for supporting nearly 500 000 jobs .
The United Kingdom transports GBP 35 billion worth of exports , maintaining unrivalled access to global markets and contributes around GBP 3 billion per annum to the exchequer .
If multiplied by the number of countries in the European Union one can see and understand just how important this industry is to our economies .
In terms of environmental impact , aviation uses less than 8 % of the land required for rail and less than 1 % required for road use .
In practical terms , aside from maritime transport , aviation is the only form of international transport now transporting a third of all goods world-wide .
Over the past 15 years CO2 emissions have declined by 70 % and unburned hydrocarbons by 85 % .
Aviation is responsible for just 2.5 % of CO2 emissions .
Short-term measures are available , such as tackling the 44 % air traffic flow management delays and 30 bottlenecks which take place over France , Italy , Spain and parts of Germany .
National governments must take action now .
They should also tackle land planning around existing airports and take responsibility for their decisions in the past .
To suggest that either a tax on kerosene , which is internationally exempt from tax for the aviation industry , or VAT on tickets or aircraft purchases is the answer is incorrect .
The industry already pays all its infrastructure charges , some of which go towards environmental improvements .
It is not subsidised .
Finally , if Mrs Lucas ' proposals were passed , they would decimate the aviation industry : aviation , tourism , businesses and the aerospace industry .
Their supporters would love to abolish cheap flights .
In short , they would make Europe uncompetitive and give Americans and overseas carriers an unfair advantage .
I would hope in future the proposals from the Commission are thought through more carefully .
Otherwise its members may find that flying to or from Brussels or Strasbourg or on holiday , for that matter , with a European carrier may not be an option .
Mr President , before I start on the subject of tyre noise , may I make a more general point to the Commission .
They are bringing forward far too much legislation and , with legislation , quality is usually in inverse proportion to quantity .
We talk of doing less and doing it better .
In fact we do more , and we do it worse .
Now turning to tyres .
I little thought when I came to this House that I would end up defending the Commission 's position - and yet the Commission has done its homework .
It has consulted with the industry .
It has come up with a proposal that sets challenging , but achievable , targets which protect the environment whilst also recognising the interests of road users and tyre makers .
Some of our colleagues are seeking to sabotage this careful work by demanding arbitrary and ill-considered decibel reductions .
In some cases their figures are achievable , in others not .
But they have forgotten that changes in the production specifications of tyres affect not only noise , but also grip , safety , fuel economy , cost and durability .
They may end up with quieter tyres that are expensive , that wear out quickly and that allow cars to slide off the road and crash into trees !
Let me speak plainly .
More road users will die if Mr de Roo 's amendments are passed .
The electors I represent will not thank us .
We are being far too prescriptive .
It is our job to set a broad legislative framework in the public interest .
Instead , we seek to micro-manage a highly technical and complex industrial development programme , a task for which we have neither the time nor the skills .
I call on colleagues to reject the amendments and support the Commission proposal .
Mr President , I welcome this proposal .
It is long overdue .
Certainly the amendments to it by my colleagues Mr de Roo and Mr Lange are moving in the right direction .
Since the first publication of this directive back in 1997 the manufacturers have moved to meet the Commission standards .
I understand the desire of my colleague , Mr de Roo , to take the standards further .
However , I have to sound a note of caution .
Firstly , tyre standards are not the only problem .
The nature of the road surface is just as important and in particular circumstances like noise hotspots in urban areas perhaps more important than trying to change the tyre standards .
In many cases a better solution is to change the road surface and not the tyre standards .
Secondly - and in my opinion of paramount importance - is the need to balance the problem of tyre noise and tyre safety .
Whilst we are tonight seeking to adopt new tyre standards to reduce tyre noise we are not making any progress at all on tyre standards for the grip or adhesion of tyres on the road .
Despite good and serious proposals being put on the table some considerable time ago by the UK, they have not yet been agreed or seriously considered .
Our failure to