the near future .
Mr President , I was very much aware of the fact that there was a question .
My answer is that it sounds like an exciting and positive initiative .
That must not cause us to give up , and I am pleased to have received the information provided by Mrs Malmström in this House .
I should like to say to Mr Korakas that I hope that socialist advances do not need to be bound up with an absence of democracy and human rights and a lack of opportunities to travel to other countries and participate in discussions .
In my view , it would not be wise to have such a definition of socialist achievements .
As you know , the session was postponed to 10-12 May 2002 because of the terrorist attacks in the United States on 11 September 2001 .
I am pleased to be able to inform Parliament that the action plan adopted at the session does in fact contain a section on the family , proposed by the European Union .
It will not happen again .
I think my choice of words was very well balanced .
I agree that the presence of both a father and a mother normally offers the best basis for bringing up a child , but it is not , of course , always the case that matters work out so well .
On the other hand , there are children who grow up without either a father or mother but who can nonetheless have a happy childhood and a good life , and I therefore think it important for us not to have too narrow a definition of the concept of the family .
I do not believe that the problem is as dramatic as some people make out , but it is not my task , here on behalf of the Council , to adopt a position on the ongoing discussion I think we should have concerning this issue .
Even though the prosecution demanded the death penalty , the opposition leaders were , in the very end , sentenced to imprisonment of between six and twenty years for allegedly having plotted to overthrow President Obiang .
There continue to be serious doubts about the legality of the detentions .
In the EU 's view , the evidence against the accused politicians is flimsy , in sharp contrast to the severity of the judgments .
The EU expressed serious doubts about the authorities ' willingness to defend the principle of the Rule of Law and to fulfil its human rights obligations , recently entered into in connection with the 58th meeting of the UN 's Commission on Human Rights .
The EU also referred to Equatorial Guinea 's obligations under the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel , Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment - the convention recently signed by Equatorial Guinea .
The EU has therefore been prompt , consistent and firm and , as can be seen , it has a considerable lack of confidence in the court decisions in Equatorial Guinea to which I have referred .
Mr President , the Cotonou Agreement does of course contain paragraphs which make it possible for the European Union to initiate a dialogue , to criticise and to ask for explanations , and that is what the European Union has done .
On the contrary , I have used some strong words .
What can be done in many of these cases is what I have stated in this House on behalf of the Council .
As a rule , it is of course difficult - and forgive me for saying this - to invade the countries in question and engage in policing .
That is what we have done and that is what can in fact be done in this type of case .
Moreover , I can assure you that , in the immediate future too , the situation will be very carefully monitored by the Council .
I would call attention to a resolution on energy efficiency in the European Community , adopted in 1998 , as well as to the conclusions adopted by the Council on , respectively , 30 May 2000 and 5 December 2000 in response to the Commission 's action plan for energy efficiency , calling for special arrangements in the construction sector .
As far as the specific arrangements proposed in the action plan are concerned , the Commission has since presented the Council with a proposal for a directive on the energy efficiency of buildings .
With regard to the second question , it must be remembered that matters such as the EU institutions ' seats are regulated by the Protocol , annexed to the Treaty on European Union , the ECSC Treaty and the Euratom Treaty , on the location of the seats of the institutions and of certain bodies and departments of the European Communities and of Europol .
The issue must therefore be raised in another forum , as I believe Mr Newton Dunn will fully agree .
Mr President , I should like to thank Mr Newton Dunn most sincerely for his welcome .
Mr President , I should like to thank Mr Posselt for his question .
Like UNAMA and other international observers , the Council is generally satisfied with the outcome of the extraordinary meeting held in Kabul in the middle of June .
The most important political forces in the country have supported this Loya Jirga , and there has been unusually strong popular support throughout the process .
It had a good ethnic balance and there was a significant number of women among the delegates .
The Council is , however , also clear about the difficulties and problems there have been in the period leading up to the Loya Jirga .
That being said , these episodes were rare and did not alter the structure and timetable of the process