That is because all instruction etc . in computing first takes place in English .
A lot of material is not translated into the small languages , but it is necessary to become familiar with it if there is to be early use of computers and a situation achieved in which the new teaching methods are used in the education system , enabling much more to be learned much faster than has been the case in the past .
This is something with which we are familiar from the defence area , and it would also be only natural if we were to benefit from such advantages within the administrative areas .
I wish once again to thank Mrs Read for a brilliant report and for her constructive cooperation , and I wish to thank Commissioner Liikanen for the support he has given to Parliament .
    Mr President , a new opinion poll shows that , at present , only half the Danish population has heard of the draft European Constitution .
Only 12 % are prepared to do away with such a representative .
I collected 123 signatures to that effect in the Convention .
Better late than never , however .
Will the Presidency of the Council now confirm that it is campaigning for a Commission with a representative for each country with full rights ?
The next demand must therefore be that it should be the voters themselves or the national parliaments that choose their Commissioners .
They could inform the public and act as the elected representatives of the voters in the body that has a monopoly on tabling legislative proposals .
Being elected by the national parliaments would be no obstacle to the Commissioners ’ also being accountable , as managers of their portfolios , to the European Parliament and the Council of Ministers .
A minister or a Commissioner must also be responsible for things about which he or she was unaware .
He has managerial responsibility , whether or not he is to blame .
Before the Constitution is finally adopted at the Intergovernmental Conference , every subject in it should be discussed thoroughly by the people .
It is with much regret that we have to observe that the large amount of sympathy always enjoyed by Israel in Europe has sustained significant damage over the last year .
That is something that can be inferred from today’s debate in this House , and it can be observed by keeping an eye on the European media and by listening to the announcements by the European governments , parliaments and political parties , including too the very clear European rejection of the decision by Israel’s Security Cabinet to remove Yasser Arafat from the Palestinian territories .
In the same way , we must condemn the Israeli attack on Syria , an action that contravenes international law .
The latest trend is , naturally enough , reflected here in the European Parliament and thus in the report that we have just heard discussed and that has been adopted by a large majority of the Committee on Foreign Affairs , Human Rights , Common Security and Defence Policy .
The Israeli Government must withdraw its military forces from the occupied territories and bring them home .
I should like to thank Mr Poettering for his very clear remarks about that wall .
They must restore public order .
We no doubt all share the High Representative’s frustrations , but we must keep to the Quartet’s road map for peace in the Middle East .
Israel and Palestine cannot resolve the conflict without help from outside , and the international community must continue to put pressure on both parties .
It may also be necessary to send an international intervention and observation force to the region , a force that the Quartet must assemble , that , under the auspices of the UN , would monitor developments and that , subsequently , could guarantee that the final peace agreement was being observed by the parties .     Mr President , I too , of course , condemn most vigorously the attack in Haifa , but I am very pleased that Mr Solana expressed the view that Israel too must assume its share of responsibility for the fact that such attacks occur .
The responsibility that Israel must assume was expressed in the demands made of Israel that we find in Mr Menéndez del Valle’s report , and I am able fully to endorse these .
That is because , as long as we , here in the EU , do not force Israel to comply with these conditions , Abu Allah does not have an earthly chance of stopping the Palestinian suicide bombers .     Mr President , first of all , I should like to say thank you to Mr Maaten for his constructive cooperation on this matter .
I think it is right to limit the number of parameters , and I also think that the correct limit values for bacteria content have been found .
We have secured a sound context in the shape of the water framework directive and , above all , we have ensured that there is reliable , comprehensible information for people , including bathers , about the quality of bathing water without our rushing into having enormous flag displays on our beaches .
A lot has happened in the 26 years since the first bathing water directive was drafted .
The last thing I want to emphasise is that a majority of us in the committee reached the view that the bathing beaches or bathing waters concerned must be those that attract large numbers of bathers so that , in this case too , we support the Commission ’s definition of what kind of bathing waters we are talking about .
I should like to warn against two of the amendments tabled .
The first is Amendment No 19 on transitory