2009 and 2010 intervention periods for butter and skimmed milk powder .
This resolution is not just criminal , it is disgusting !
The state of the dairy market has worsened considerably over the last 12 months : the price of milk has fallen by 30 % in a year , which is the sharpest fall seen in the last 20 years .
Thousands of small French producers are under threat of bankruptcy .
Producers have a right to expect Parliament to put forward the radical measures they need .
We would like this agenda on human rights activists and the protection of these activists to form part of that resolution , but also of all the negotiations that we have in the future with Russia .
We think that it is an important figure on the international stage , and particularly for peace in the Middle East .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , with their frank and resounding 'yes ' last Friday , the Irish not only said 'yes ' to the Treaty of Lisbon ; above all , they said 'yes ' to Europe as an area of solidarity and shared values .
I therefore call on the presidents of these two countries to proceed without delay with formal signature of the Treaty , so that the 27 can move forward and implement it by no later than the start of 2010 .
A democratic space cannot live with blackmail and if we do not manage to resolve this problem , I think that the European democratic space will not work .
It should not be the governments which decide on the President of Europe , behind closed doors , at the last minute .
To close , I should simply like to say one thing .
This list of measures included , in particular , the organisation of free and transparent elections within a year and the commitment that members of the CNDD , notably Moussa Dadis Camara , would not stand in these elections .
Aside from the fact that it seems inappropriate to allocate funds on the basis of fish catches made by European boats without taking into account either fishery resources or the effects on the local population , the recent events make us fear that these funds will be used for military purposes against the Guinean population .
Could you tell us more about this ?
Mr President , Presidents , ladies and gentlemen , if I have asked to take the floor on behalf of the Group of the European People 's Party ( Christian Democrats ) in this debate on freedom of the press in Italy , it is first and foremost to denounce the unfortunate use of this European Parliament to debate national issues .
I think not .
The problem in Italy - and I believe that Mr Napolitano , the President of the Republic , is absolutely right - must first be settled in Italy .
That is what we heard from the Commission .
Ultimately , the independent written press is being crippled financially in two ways : by the ' Tremonti' Decree of 6 August 2008 , which reduces public aid for independent newspapers , and by advertising budget cuts .
The ne bis in idem principle - where the same person cannot be tried twice for the same crime - is a fundamental principle of law within a democracy .
By 'playing for time ' to delay this moment , the Czech President , Mr Klaus , has a big responsibility towards the 500 million citizens of the Union .
We voted against the resolution on the G20 for one good reason : at no point does it call into question the global financial system that is at the root of the crisis .
Providing aid to developing countries is one duty that the European Union must not abandon .
The treaties currently in force do not permit this .
However , as things stand , I do not think that we could have done anything other than to propose this amendment on the current legal bases .
I am somewhat insistent because we know that the European general interest can prevail when this method is used , even if , at times , a Member State may drag its heels a little when it comes to defending this European general interest .
To ensure that citizens benefit from the visa waiver as soon as possible , the Commission proposed the temporary application of the agreements signed on 28 May 2009 and , since then , they have been applied temporarily pending completion of the procedures necessary for their formal conclusion .
We do have one small point - one small technical point to make - however , Commissioner .
Motivated as I am by this spirit of openness , I should like today , once again , to give you as much information as possible .
That is why , on 29 September , the Commission proposed some amendments to the SIS II migration instruments , amendments on which your Parliament is currently being consulted .
I shall finish here - please excuse me for my rather lengthy speech , but I really wanted to give a detailed account of the progress of SIS II and VIS.
I would firstly like to try to respond on VIS , and in particular to Mrs Ludford , who , as rapporteur , has taken a particular interest in this problem .
I noted that Mrs Ernst is against the system , but I wish to remember what Mr Kirkhope told me , also .
I hope that , as in the case of Galileo , I will succeed more or less in saving both of these projects , which are very interesting in technological terms and which would enable Europe to benefit from a high-performance system , but I cannot be sure of that yet , this evening .
