One is almost tempted to propose introducing a system of rewards for those countries which comply with the common decisions and reduce their fishing fleets .
I am obliged to criticise the form taken by the Commission ' s annual report , which is impossible to read unless one is an expert in the area .
For that matter , they are included in the report in such a way that it is largely up to the reader to interpret the figures and make what he considers to be the correct interpretations .
For example , there is no clearly set-out table to permit comparison of the individual Member States .
The Commission therefore has a very great deal of work ahead of it , Commissioner , if a new and better guidance programme for the reduction of the fishing fleet is to be carried out and if this is to be implemented in all the Member States .
Madam President , I am obliged to raise an extremely unfortunate matter .
For many years , we ourselves have had to pay for being able to watch a Danish TV channel .
That is not good enough , and I should like to ask you not to delay a single day in turning to the only person who can solve this problem , namely our trouble-shooter supreme , our charming , wonderful , delightful and gifted fellow MEP , Mrs Banotti , so ensuring that we have Danish television again no later than tomorrow morning and that Parliament does not in future make life uncomfortable for one of the best Member States by practising this form of terrorism upon member countries .
Mr President , I should also like to thank Mr Menrad for his report , even if I do not agree with all the proposals it contains .
Is it therefore a correct response to require that still more businesses be covered by the directive and to demand tougher sanctions against those companies that do not implement the directive ?
I am also sceptical about some of the requests for sanctions that have been put forward here in Parliament .
Nor can it be reasonable for companies to be penalised differently for the same offence , as will happen if their managements ' actions are rendered invalid or if , by failing to provide enough information and by not consulting sufficiently , they are excluded from public subsidies or public procurement .
Mr President , many people are very concerned about globalisation .
In the meantime , the EU is blamed for making the negative aspects of globalisation worse .
They show that the EU can , in a very practical way , contribute to mitigating the negative aspects of the free market , in this case restructurings .
The EU cannot abolish these , and nor should it , for they are a part of a modern market economy and they can have positive effects .
However , we can try to mitigate the negative effects by properly involving employees in the process .
The directive has already had an effect .
Works councils have been set up as a result of the directive .
Some of the improvements must take the form of cultural changes within companies .
At the same time , I hope that the Commission will lose no time at all in proceeding further with its deliberations concerning a new directive , and I should like to see an expansion of the topics on which employees are consulted .
We must understand that they are ordinary people from ordinary backgrounds who come together in the works councils .
I also believe that employees must be able more readily to involve trade union experts .
We must appreciate that there is a need to improve their conditions .
A future directive might properly implement the constructive changes proposed by Parliament .
Properly designed , the latter can be a further step in the direction of a European social model .
Mr President , as has been said , the application of Community law does of course constitute nothing less than the decisive turning point in the European Union .
Community law , the 'acquis communautaire ' and European unity are based upon European law .
There are profound differences between the different legal systems .
Legal systems cannot , as it were , be transplanted like flowers from one pot to another .
Paragraph D contains a statement well worth noting .
The European Parliament believes that one of the reasons for the poor implementation of Community law is the inability 'correctly to understand secondary Community legislation ' .
I thought that this was a translation error , even though the translation services are well thought of , but we find the same turn of phrase in a number of other languages : 'l 'impossibilité d 'une compréhension correcte ' , 'umuligt at opnå en korrekt forståelse ' etc .
That is certainly an interesting acknowledgement .
As is made clear , using almost military technology , on page 11 of the report , the conclusion is that we must establish a system leading to the 'elimination of national opposition ' .
It is no easy task you have embarked upon , and it is therefore important for Parliament to offer its full support .
Moreover , it is precisely the electorate that has a lot of difficulty understanding why the EU' s institutions maintain such a rigid and old-fashioned personnel policy in which promotions are made on the basis of very formal criteria rather than on the basis of effort .
In that connection , I should like , on behalf of the Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party , to support the Commission ' s proposal for the linear career structure which has been mentioned quite a few times this evening and in which promotions are made on