The pressure being exerted on countries such as Greece , Portugal and Spain to fight their deficits cannot be disentangled from the interests of speculative financial capital and its aim of engaging in a turf war for the euro against the dollar .
Guantánamo is a creation of the Bush Administration but it would not have been possible without the help of European allies and without the silence of the European Union .
It falls to the High Representative , now equipped with the power of initiative , under Article 30 of the treaty , to propose and lead a true European strategy to assist in the closing of Guantánamo as quickly as possible , ensuring the necessary support for the individual recovery and social reintegration of released persons , including their right to family reunification .
It is vital that we help this country to recover from the earthquake , but the international community must also take advantage of this opportunity to help to resolve the economic , social and political inequalities within Haiti .
Member States that have not yet done so should fully implement all the EU policies on trafficking in human beings at national level and ratify other legal instruments in this field as soon as possible in order to ensure greater protection and assistance for victims of trafficking .
The EU must be present at the 15th Conference of the Parties to the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora ( CITES ) with clearly defined objectives for species in danger of extinction which need to be protected .
I should like to express my solidarity with respect to the suffering of the Burmese people , oppressed as they are by a military junta that constantly infringes their human rights by means of forced labour , people trafficking , child labour and sexual violence .
Burma ( on behalf of the S&D Group . - ( PT ) On behalf of the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament , I wish to express our condolences to the families of the victims , and show our solidarity with the people affected by the tragedy that struck the Autonomous Region of Madeira , in Portugal , on the 20th of this month .
Expressions of solidarity have come from all four corners of the globe .
I think I can speak for all my colleagues in the Committee on Fisheries , who have worked hard on this report , when I say that I am very happy that this day has arrived , the day on which the report is to be presented to Parliament and put to the vote .
Which direction should this reform take , according to the content of our report ?
We should not forget to draw attention to the growing role of women in fisheries either , and the need to require that fishery products from third countries , which are imported to the EU , be subject to the same requirements as those of our producers .
It is revealing that the countries that opted for this route , such as Iceland , now want to withdraw , as they are confronted with the adverse consequences and perversities of this system .
In these circumstances , the widely recognised importance of local government directly contradicts the institutional framework created by the Treaty of Lisbon , which sets out the conservation of marine biological resources as the sole remit of the European Union .
Many will say that it did not go far enough in terms of certain aspects , while others will say that it has gone too far in other respects , or even the same ones .
The topic of fisheries is obviously a sensitive issue for the Portuguese , as we have several fishing communities , and it is an absolutely crucial issue for the Democratic and Social Centre - People 's Party ( CDS-PP ) .
I will be following the future reform of the CFP with interest and particular attention , and I will always defend Portuguese interests in this strategic sector .
The reform of the common fisheries policy marks a new stage in the development of the sector , with more active participation by all those involved at a national , regional and industry level .
We can cut undue expenses and then debate how we can increase our means for law making .
This would ensure the security of supplies , as expected by the Member States of the EU and its consumers .
Given the importance of an integrated energy policy , not only in combating climate change and reducing CO2 emissions , but also in ensuring efficiency and less energy dependence within Europe , communication and transmission of information about investments and energy infrastructure projects is crucial .
This means that investment projects in energy infrastructures must be compatible with the aim of achieving a minimum of 20 % of energy from sustainable , renewable sources by 2020 .
Yet , beyond our fundamental disagreement about European energy policy , this report can also be placed within a legal context , or within the framework of the internal market .
For this reason , and so that all Member States are able to communicate the planned development of energy infrastructure in a satisfactory and beneficial way , a new regulation needs to be implemented to make this easier and faster .
At the time , the European Union seemed the likely destination for a people who were clearly turning towards the West .
Following the disintegration of the Eastern bloc and the Union of Soviet Republics , the Ukrainian people and institutions have been strongly committed to the democratisation of the country and the construction of a modern society by developing a social , economic and political system that can consolidate the rule of law and respect for human rights ,