a free import policy by the EU.
Eliminating all remaining barriers to imports , tariff barriers and quotas and , just as important , non-tariff barriers , such as Mrs Maij-Weggen mentioned in her speech - eliminating these barriers would do more than any amount of development aid to secure for developing countries the economic progress which both we and they desire .
It is quite clear that a lack of coherence of development policy with trade policy diminishes our development efforts and must also diminish the political regard of the developing countries for Europe and our fine words .
Mr President , in the last couple of days we have heard fine words about the need for greater coherence , coordination and effectiveness in the external aid programmes of the Community and of the Member States .
There is one relatively small area of activity with enormous public visibility which would be a litmus test of the Union ' s ability to match words with action .
I am referring to the continuing tragedy of anti-personnel landmines which present an obstacle to so many development programmes , to post-conflict reconstruction , and which ruin the lives of many of the most vulnerable in some of the poorest parts of the world , particularly in developing countries .
Over recent years the Community has spent some EUR 200 million in mine clearance , assistance to victims and related activities .
The Member States have spent similar amounts .
But there is still enormous inefficiency and a lack of will to implement a strategy agreed with other members of the international community to overcome the anti-personnel landmine problem within a finite time span .
Mr Nielson identified the problems of lack of concerted action and the need for better complementarity with Member States .
This has been talked about for years .
The Commission needs to carry out internal organisational changes , strengthen the coherence and effectiveness of its actions , ideally with a properly resourced central mine action policy cell .
It would also need more rapid contractual and implementation procedures and an enhanced multiannual budget line and much improved management of its programmes .
A proper stock-taking of the effectiveness of mine action programmes needs to take place in each of the countries seriously afflicted by landmines .
It seems to me that the landmine issue encapsulates so many of the organisational , procedural , financial management and operational difficulties which have afflicted the Commission and the Union .
Are these afflictions of the past , or will we find that in this relatively compact and limited area the European Union is still unable to meet its aspirations ?
.
On behalf of the European Parliament Labour Party , I wish to indicate that while we have supported the major part of the Lienemann report , we have certain reservations .
The timetable set in the report of 2020 is unrealistic and impracticable , but the timetable set by the Council of 2034 is too far in the distance .
We believe therefore that conciliation will set a more realistic date .
We have voted against Amendments Nos 25 and 72 which would require the achievement of minimal anthroprogenic pollution in all groundwater .
We believe this requirement is unrealistic in view of the very high cost and extremely long timescales involved in restoration to a near pristine standard .
The foregoing is the reason for our vote .
Mr President , I would like to try to put a different perspective to this .
As you know , on Monday an unmanned spacecraft went into orbit around a peanut-shaped asteroid called Eros which is not very far from earth .
Photographs show us that there is no life on the asteroid , but much further out in our galaxy , the Milky Way , there are about 300 billion stars , many with planets .
Beyond the Milky Way there are 300 billion other galaxies with countless stars and planets .
It is probable , therefore , that there is a lot of life out there , and much of it much more advanced than we are .
Bearing in mind that the first television programmes from earth are now 50 light years out into space way beyond the nearest stars , I invite you to imagine with me what life out there in the stars thinks of us as they look at us .
What do they see ?
They see a beautiful planet , teeming with life , but they see its atmosphere being polluted and warming up .
They see forests being cut down and deserts spreading .
Of the living creatures , they can see many animals that are treated cruelly , rare ones becoming extinct for ever .
How do they see the currently dominant species - that is us ?
Well , they see the planet 's resources being unevenly spread .
They see land being fought over , medicine for disease but not in the parts of the world where it is most wanted , books for schools - but not at all in the least-developed areas of our world , 50 % of the world 's population never making a telephone call in their whole life .
What do they see about the relationships between human beings ?
They see us killing each other .
They see us restricting each other 's liberties .
They see a never-ending series of local wars .
They see some of our children drafted into the army as soldiers , or treated as prostitutes or slaves .
They see unequal treatment of men and women , of people of different ages , of minorities , of people of different coloured skins , of races , of beliefs , of immigrants , even neighbours .
We all know the picture .
The UN Convention on Human Rights 50 years ago was an attempt to correct this .
