the same problem .
Even the Court of Auditors does not have the opportunity fully to inspect the Commission .
This is where Mr Prodi ought to begin , instead of issuing further empty promises about more transparency and a closer relationship with the people .
The Ombudsman and the Court of Justice have done some good work in the interests of greater transparency .
Mr Söderman deserves a lot of praise , but the new regulation on transparency will not constitute great progress towards transparency .
There is therefore a need now for active efforts on the parts of the Ombudsman , the Court of Auditors and the Committee on Budgetary Control .
The Court of Auditors ought not to accept a single refusal to let it see a document .
And why - I would ask the Ombudsman - not appeal to the people and go before the Court of Justice in the event of what you consider to be an unjustified refusal to grant access to documents ?
The People ' s Movement against the EU has , from the very beginning , worked to promote effective supervision of the EU' s institutions by the Ombudsman .
The Ombudsman does not have an easy time of it .
The Ombudsman' s very moderate proposals for a Code of Good Administrative Behaviour for the individual institutions has of course been met with that mixture of verbal good will and practical passivity which , in practice , can block any progress , and the current restrictions upon the Ombudsman' s ability to obtain any of the relevant information on the matters with which he is dealing - we are concerned here with Article 3 of the statute - is downright scandalous .
The Ombudsman is patient , however .
The institutions shelve recommendations and enquiries , but that does not cause the Ombudsman to give up .
A regulation concerning good administrative behaviour - and which is not ineffectual nonsense from the Commission , but the Ombudsman' s own proposal - is something that we shall be able to support .
For that , fundamental changes to the administrative culture are required , and these will not come overnight .
Accordingly , we are able to support the proposal to amend Article 3 which , in its present state , really means that the institutions can refuse to provide the Ombudsman with the information needed for him to be able to exercise any supervision at all .
I wish Mr Söderman every success .
Mr President , I should like to thank the Ombudsman for the splendid job he has done with a view to securing citizens ' rights in the EU system .
The Ombudsman himself stated that there is a gulf between the EU and its citizens .
We do a lot of talking about it , but in reality we bring about very few radical steps to change the situation .
One of the reasons why people cannot fathom the EU system is also , of course , the utterly hopeless way in which we have organised ourselves , with a physical presence in Luxembourg , Brussels and Strasbourg , and I think one might well ask whether it is particularly appropriate for the Ombudsman to be located here in Strasbourg , though this is , of course , also partly due to the Ombudsman' s own decision .
I think it means that the Ombudsman is very easily sidelined in relation to the EU' s other institutions which he has , of course , to inspect but then also to reform , and I am inclined to think that it might go some way towards creating further conflicts .
The first is the White Paper .
I think this is a very good example of a situation in which , as Mr Prodi pointed out the other day , the fact that the Ombudsman does not associate with the Commission on a daily basis means that he is not mentioned at all in the White Paper , as it would otherwise have been only natural for him to have been .
I am well aware that the Ombudsman is pressed for time , but I cannot understand why there are not more complaints , considering the huge institutional apparatus with which we are concerned here .
It is , of course , extremely important that , when the new candidate countries come on board , we also make sure they understand the nature of good administrative behaviour , seeing that they do not of course , in reality , have any special experience of our way of administering matters .
Mr President , this year too the Ombudsman' s annual report makes for inspiring reading .
I think it is on the right lines , and it is very gratifying to read that the Ombudsman has obtained the documents he asked for .
Only through openness do we ensure that it is possible to combat fraud and irregularities and that politicians have a better image in the eyes of the population .
We see a lack of openness in the British government , the Council and the Commission , and it would be useful if the Ombudsman could give us further help on this issue .
It is perhaps one of the most important committees , for it is here that the ordinary person within the EU system can come to raise matters .
I should like to say that when I heard my fellow MEP ' s , Mr Krarup ' s , speech , I was very surprised indeed .
It is just that he does not really want to say so .
Mr President , the question Mr Nisticò is raising here about changing the voting order has been discussed , I believe , in the course of the last 10 days with Mr Nisticò , and we reached the conclusion evident from the voting list a long time ago .
