I therefore explained the sequence of events .
Bear in mind that there is a serious danger here , though you can be quite sure that I shall guard against it .
I have in mind the Hanover International Exhibition , the European Cities of Culture for the year 2000 , and the 50th anniversary of the Robert Schuman Declaration .
With regard to dialogue between Muslims , Jews and Christians , the Commission has no plans for a specific project of this nature .
This apart , many other programmes are planned to celebrate the millennium .
Please do not write this down in black and white , but just take a rough note in pencil , as it is only an estimate .
It is of key importance to fishing operations in international waters and , therefore , for international legislation .
The best course of action would therefore be to decide not to ratify the convention , especially as it is in Canada 's interest that we do ratify it .
In order to do so , it must have a very strong and competitive agricultural sector at global level that operates within a framework of sustainable development .
For this reason , the Committee on Budgetary Control stresses that the Commission must inform Parliament of the measures Member States adopt in applying this regulation .
The reasons for this situation are clearly outlined in the Cunha report and reflected in Parliament 's limited authority in agricultural matters .
They do not rectify the imbalances between farmers , so they will not help us prevent farms from disappearing .
Therefore , Commissioner , what will happen after 2006 ?
What is more , the effects of the crisis have not been sufficiently analysed and , in the agricultural guidelines , the margin needed to finance rural development will undoubtedly be reduced .
But this new direction lacks the necessary extra element as the Commission has not set up programmes promoting the high level of quality in European production .
Prices drop in the same way for all livestock farmers and it is ridiculous that the way support is allocated benefits precisely those who are most competitive and , in contrast , penalises those who are working to make their farms become competitive .
The same applies to setting the overall ceilings for receiving aid where permanent employment can and must be taken into account .
As regards the major points , I should like to discuss the innovative aspect of Agenda 2000 regarding rural development .
In addition , we must maintain the requirements - and the control of such requirements - for products coming from third countries .
Mr President , as a Spanish Member , I must express my disappointment at the Commission 's proposal on the common organisation of the market in the milk and milk products sector .
Lastly , Commissioner , I believe too that maintaining the unjust and insufficient fat content referencing quantities , which many dairy farms have , is unacceptable .
Spain , and Galicia in particular , is therefore still calling for a larger milk quota .
We call on our European colleagues to show some understanding and ask them to support our amendments in a spirit of solidarity and justice .
It seemed as if the President-in-Office was talking and was saying something , but in fact , he said absolutely nothing .
Mr President , this evening in the privacy of this Hemicycle we are going to debate an issue with the Commissioner which , in spite of the fact that there are very few people present , is very important .
It is obvious that the resources available to the Commission to carry out such controls on each situation where aid is granted or on each aid scheme are clearly inadequate .
The Commission 's proposal for a regulation that we are considering today is the second stage of this reorientation which the Commission 's new direction is based upon .
I trust that the contribution we have made with this report will help towards improving the State Aid control policy and I trust that State Aid will be more strictly controlled .
The majority of the group believes that the Commission 's management deserves to be censured and it is therefore going to vote in favour of the motion of censure .
I must begin by calling on Parliament to have a little modesty .
And I believe that the Commission , presided over by a man of honour , Mr Santer , will keep its promises and make the necessary changes to a system of management that , as we know , is far from perfect .
And I am also going to take a moment to mention the presence here of the Presidency-in-Office , as I believe it is important .
However , it is not vague ; it is evolutionary , as it is constantly changing .
We cannot say that it is more important to draw up the list of foreigners than the list on the admission of terrorists .
Nonetheless , peace has very powerful enemies .
Their voice cannot be ignored , nor can the victims .
That was exactly what the UNHCR observer said about the events in Sierra Leone .
But if his freedom meant that his supporters would not act with such brutal cruelty and that the supposedly civilian government - which shoots members of the military junta without allowing them any right of appeal - would not respond in the same way , then some progress would have been achieved .
This is mainly due to the belief that there can be no lasting human development without an institutional and political environment that respects these principles .
The Commission once again stresses the principle that the promotion of human rights , the rule of law and democratic principles forms an integral part