I therefore voted in favour .
I would also point out that the current multiannual financial framework does not meet the European Union 's financial needs .
It is not enough , therefore , merely to say that we are promoting solidarity in the energy resources field and promoting broadband in rural areas if we really want to contribute to the recovery of Europe 's economy .
I regret , however , that only EUR 300 million , which I regard as too little , has been allocated for the creation of a fund for the dairy farming sector .
I would point out that the fight against climate change is an EU priority that is not sufficiently addressed in this budget .
In the midst of an economic and social crisis that is having terrible effects on employment and people 's living conditions , it is unacceptable for the Community draft budget to have EUR 11 billion less in payments than was projected in the financial perspective .
Equally important is the increase in funding for border protection , including the European Return Fund and the European Refugee Fund , to facilitate solidarity between the Member States .
I think it is essential to continue to make the cohesion policy more flexible with a view to raising the currently low levels of implementation of programmes financed from Community funds .
Affairs of such sensitivity can do without artificial and populist splits ; they deserve to be taken seriously , with a sense of responsibility and the broadest possible consensus .
It is therefore essential to find a balance on this subject .
The European Union must therefore maintain and strengthen its contacts with the democratic opposition in Belarus to keep faith with those to whom Parliament awarded the Sakharov Prize for their fight to democratise that country .
Ever since the fall of Mobutu Sese Seko 's kleptocratic regime , the Democratic Republic of Congo ( formerly Belgian Congo and formerly Zaire ) has been mired in agitation and the most brutal violence , which has already led to millions of deaths .
The European Union cannot remain aloof from the various armed conflicts that occur to some extent throughout the world .
A few hours after the catastrophe , the EU provided EUR 3 million of aid for the initial relief operations .
During this crisis , there has been a clear need for medical care , so I am calling for an increase in the quota of doctors and health technicians , along with greater logistical support .
The real solution to the complex problems and dangers that menace the people of the region has to come about through demilitarisation , respect for national laws and the sovereignty of the people , and genuine cooperation that aims at the resolution of the profound social problems that they are facing .
Respecting the synergies , in other words , within the Joint Parliamentary Assembly , which acts between the European Union and the ACP countries and the new inter-parliamentary institutions for the Economic Partnership Agreements .
I am pleased to join my colleagues in requesting that the Commission and the Council make haste to produce texts which , via the codecision process , take this process forward in other procedural rights in criminal cases .
I hope that the Member States and the European institutions will cooperate so that the EU will become more prosperous and united , and will have a greater presence on the international stage .
I am eagerly looking forward to the debate on the future of Cohesion Policy , and trying to make sure it includes the issue of territorial cohesion .
In a Europe that wishes to be closer to citizens and more at the service of the people of Europe , it is essential that those people are able to exercise effective control over the institutions and bodies of the EU.
It should be noted that the right to good administration is a fundamental right for European citizens , enshrined in Article 41 of the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union .
This temporary suspension of taxes , allowing local economic operators in the Azores and Madeira to import a certain amount of raw materials , parts , components and finished products duty-free , covering areas such as fishing , agriculture , industry and services , provides favourable conditions for long-term investment .
The temporary suspension of the Common Customs Tariff duties will allow the autonomous regions of Madeira and the Azores to overcome the economic disadvantages that arise from their geographical location , and also tackle the specific effects that they are experiencing due to the economic crisis .
The approval of this exception is crucial for the development of these Portuguese Autonomous Regions , both of which rely heavily on the tourism industry and are consequently highly vulnerable to the volatility of this sector .
This strengthens the competitiveness of SMEs and farmers in our autonomous regions of Madeira and the Azores .
The regional authorities of Madeira and the Azores called for the introduction of the temporary suspension of autonomous Common Customs Tariff duties on imports of certain industrial products , with the aim of strengthening and ensuring more stable productivity and employment in these outermost regions .
Establish positive discrimination in favour of the outermost regions of the Azores and Madeira , acknowledging that the structural limitations that affect these regions are permanent by their very nature ; 2.
I recall that this matter was subject to a simplified legislative procedure so as to speed it up .
These agreements , which are essentially trade agreements , create new platforms for parliamentary dialogue and are to be respected .
I welcome the support that Parliament has given to the ACP countries , which want to see climate change addressed as a cross-cutting issue in the second revised version of the Cotonou Agreement .
We need to