We have achieved a far-reaching reform programme for European agriculture in 2003 .
I call on the Commission and the Council to continue to bring the plight of the members of Sam Rainsy’s party to the attention of the Cambodian authorities .
In 2005 , 24 actual executions have been reported so far , while 78 people have been sentenced to death .
I wholly endorse my group ’s policy in this matter .     .
That is why sport can play a vital role in terms of development .
I am therefore pleased with the oral amendment that is being prepared to this effect in order to stress this point .
Children are taken out of developing countries and tried out on the pitch as child slaves in big European clubs and if they are deemed not to be up to scratch , we find them lost in Belgian forests , bemused , without a visa or money . 2005 is the Year of Sport and that is why I urge the Council and the Commission , on behalf of the European Union , to seize the UN Year of Sport and Development as an opportunity to make much firmer agreements on banning the recruitment and abuse of very young footballers .
I respect subsidiarity , but let the EU focus , via the Commissioner for Sport , on a number of agreements with European sports clubs , such as UEFA , on a ban on young football slaves and a clampdown on racism on European pitches .
We must nurture and encourage this function of sport .
Needless to say , the Committee on Budgets is mainly concerned with the financial side of things , but that has not stopped it from mainly speaking out in favour of the first option that would take effect in the event of an outbreak , namely to give priority to renewed vaccination .
This is not what we would call a level playing field , and the Commission should look into this .     .
I am in favour of a 50/50 split between the Commission and Member States , but in terms of Member State contributions , it should slowly become clear who is footing the bill : the Member States or , as is the case in some other Member States , the farmers .
It has come to my notice that Mrs Figueiredo has now entered the Chamber .
More can be done within the EU too .
In our Committee on International Trade , there was a large majority in favour of making considerable adjustments to the Commission ’s original proposal .
Additional applications will become possible if it transpires that the quantity of medicines initially allocated in the compulsory licence is insufficient to relieve the suffering .
It is in that spirit that I would like to urge my fellow Members to approve the amendments and thus to ratify the agreement that has been reached .     .
That is why we think that precise descriptions must be given of reasons underlying applications for the compulsory licence , of the patents in question , that the medicines in question should have a different appearance , colour and packaging , where possible , and that the level of production must be logged .
I am pleased that a compromise has been struck and I hope that Parliament will accept it tomorrow .     .
Indeed , there are people who help others to enter the EU because they think those people really need political asylum .
I would therefore beg to differ with the previous speakers .
At the same time , the rapporteur calls for the enforcement of a cooperative .
The repeal of the regulation leads to lower transport prices and better service , and smaller shipping companies have not experienced any drawbacks .
This stands to reason , for the SME sector is mainly on the side of the consumers and shippers .
In this respect , the Commission does deserve more support than it is currently getting .
Anyway , everyone knows what is coming .
Commissioner , we are counting on your support in the debate with the Council .
I stand here as one who speaks up for those labour-intensive services .
Higher rates should , perhaps , apply to certain luxury or environmentally-polluting factors .
Thanks to the cooperation of the shadow rapporteurs of the other groups , we have managed to reach a compromise that is accepted and endorsed almost unanimously .
This Committee is of the opinion that the 41 amendments to this report have changed the Council’s common position for the better .
Thirdly , a number of categories of portable batteries are exempt from the ban on lead .
The Council’s common position remains vague in some aspects of the definition of portable batteries .
This leads , in practice , to much confusion and its implementation is very complex .
Moreover , the results are very difficult to compare in the different Member States .
The aim is to introduce a level playing field for different kinds of investment services , with top priority given to enhancing transparency before and after , to consumer protection and to the promotion of keen prices at maximum liquidity .
The Commission has indicated on a number of occasions that it will support us in this , and so has the Council , albeit somewhat reluctantly , except that this point in the treaty was not corrected in the course of the debate that was held on the subject .
It is a good thing that Valencia has , at Europe’s request , started to review the law , but those words will now also need to be translated into action to prevent more owners from being treated unfairly .     Mr President , Commissioner , I welcome the Commission ’s proposal and the proposal in the