.
Therefore , Commissioner , President-in-Office of the Council , it is vital for the European Union to provide extraordinary support to help industrial production and safeguard employment with rights .
Some amendments were adopted to the annexes dealing exclusively either with public health or health and safety at work , such as the collection of data on protection against pandemics and transmissible diseases .
I agree with the proposed regulation because it aims to consolidate the progress made in regular data collection in the two areas in question , by formalising the current informal agreement between the Member States , guaranteeing the continuity of data collection and establishing a regulatory framework for improving the quality and comparability of data through common methodologies .
As a result , despite our final vote against the report , we continue to defend our proposals as we consider that these are the best way to support Portuguese farmers and our family-based agriculture .
To successfully achieve this , we need to proceed with caution , placing the emphasis on both competitiveness and also on the environmental and social dimensions , rural development and food security .
We regret that our proposals were rejected .
Despite agreeing that the modifications recommended by the Commission to the common agricultural policy are necessary , I feel that , with regard to milk quotas , the Commission proposal is very harmful to less competitive European regions which are heavily dependent on the milk sector .
By introducing discrimination between immigrants , this ' Blue Card ' seeks to respond to the neoliberal objectives of the ' Lisbon Strategy ' and to the EU 's labour needs ( set by quotas ) , thus reducing immigrants to 'labour', promoting the plundering of human resources from third countries - particularly their most qualified workers - and implementing dangerous centralised systems in the EU for the storage and collection of data on immigrants .
Shamefully , neither Convention has the support of countries representing a large part of humanity , such as the United States , China , India , Iraq , Pakistan , Russia and Israel .
As a result , cluster munitions are not only incompatible with humanitarian law , they are also of limited use .
In other words , given the projections made , what we should be discussing today are the consequences for demographic development resulting from unemployment , increased job insecurity , deregulation of working time , a monetary policy focused on moderation and devaluation of wages .
I must say , in addition to everything that has already been said , that we must not under any circumstances forget the famine which is spreading throughout this region , both in Somalia and also in Ethiopia .
The problem now is that , instead of the European institutions communicating with the country and with Islam , which has the same values and viewpoints as we do , they are doing the opposite .
I also support the proposals of Mr Staes .
I want to make it clear that I agree with revising the positions adopted at first reading , but I can only do this responsibly in the context of a compromise , which presupposes dialogue between the two institutions .
As for the opt-out clause , in my opinion this is an issue which has nothing to do with flexibility in the labour market .
I must thank everyone , particularly the shadow rapporteurs from the various political groups who tried so hard to achieve compromises with a future ; the regional development staff , who are always ready to help , not least Miguel Tell Cremades and Elisa Daffarra ; the staff of the Socialist Group in the European Parliament , Lila and Petrus , and also the European Commission .
According to available data , by 2010 approximately 75 % of humanity will live in coastal regions .
In the current financial crisis in which the impact on the real economy is becoming increasingly difficult to overcome , tourism seems to be a sector with huge potential to be severely affected either directly or indirectly .
This report , which we are now putting before you here , was already very opportune and urgent when the Committee on Regional Development decided to prepare it .
To conclude , Mr President , only the clear integration of these instruments and rapid and effective action involving all stakeholders on the ground can guarantee that we will have a sustainable coastal tourism sector , with a real future , in the European Union .
What is unacceptable is to use these 'difficulties ' to reduce amounts which should be used to support productive sectors and to promote employment with rights in the 'cohesion ' countries , which include Portugal .
As a result , we should ensure a comprehensive and integrated approach under the various associated policies ( including cohesion , environment , maritime and social ) .
The list of these activities includes coastal tourism , which is a fundamental pillar for achieving the current objectives of the European strategy to bring Europe closer to the sea .
Despite clearly disagreeing with some aspects of the report , we support the majority of its contents , particularly the inclusion of many amendments that we tabled and defended , such as the following point : 'Stresses the need to safeguard workers ' rights in the sector , promoting quality jobs and the acquisition of skills , this entailing , inter alia , suitable training , more extensive use of long-term contracts , equitable and decent wages and better working conditions ' .
I voted in favour of this report , which highlights the need for an integrated approach to coastal tourism in the context of the EU 's cohesion , maritime , fisheries , environmental , transport , energy , social and health policies , in order to create synergies and avoid inconsistent actions