The Member States are therefore still responsible for reporting the data on annual emissions .
The proposal for a decision on which we are about to vote therefore establishes the necessary framework for ensuring the Community and its Member States meet the requirements on emissions reporting and accounting through an improvement of the quality and accuracy of the information provided on policies and measures adopted and on emissions and removals of all greenhouse gases , including methodological aspects .
Therefore , in tomorrow’s vote in the Chamber , we will be tabling a package of amendments on which agreement has been reached .
It is always more difficult to identify the father , and a question mark remains in this case too , but I would say that the role belongs equally to Parliament and the Council .
In actual fact , these averages conceal huge discrepancies between the Member States : while the average figure for Denmark is approximately 70 % , the average figure for Greece is below 9 % .
In this context , I would like to draw your attention to the untenable situation of the Italian railway line between Savona and the border with France ; a rail link connecting western Liguria with the Cote d’Azur .
We all believe that we need to work to ensure that there is the necessary shift of demand for and burden on certain means of transport , road and air in particular , to avoid congestion and problems caused by excessive use , and subsequent overloading .
I hope that adequate solutions can be found which take into consideration these principles and choices in our negotiations with the Council too .     Mr President , we were in the future and you , Mr President , had become honorary President of the great Pensioner’s Party , which had 30 % of the vote across Europe .
On the beach , I saw Mr Maaten , tanned , a great swimmer and a surfer , but still an MEP and a politician .
I saw that we were in Europe in 2050 : there were beautiful flowers everywhere , every colour under the sun , so much green ; kind people , with kind hearts , there were no more wars ; everyone lived happily amongst the flowers .
This budget , ladies and gentlemen , with which the Europe of 15 comes to an end , is historic because it brings us , at last , to a Europe of 25 ; furthermore , it can be seen as a pre-election campaign budget .
There is a huge debate on the proposed amendment , but I do not see why there should be outrage .
I , too , should like to thank both rapporteurs for their work and acknowledge all those who have taken part in this collective effort .
This is starting to become a habit ; I do not know whether it will be represented by France there too .
I should like to focus on just a few points , because many things have already been said .
As a result , it will be simpler to purchase a car in any country in the Union where the best terms are available .
If , as Mr Bolkestein has recognised , Parliament and the Commission have worked well and usefully together , I hope that the Council and the Commission will take our amendments to heart and that such an important directive as this will be able to help to bring the citizens of Europe closer together in common citizenship .
I very much hope this will happen , because the compromise that has been reached is an excellent balance , which I hope the Commission will take into account .     – Mr President , Commissioner , the internal insurance market has to be completed and the barriers that still exist in the industry removed .
Another objective is to improve protection for pedestrians involved in accidents .
Outstanding commitments are a composite phenomenon : some are physiological whereas others are pathological , and it is on the latter that action needs to be taken .
To this end , we believe the following approach will be necessary : firstly , stressing the Commission ’s key role , which ought to be focused on defining development priorities , on the consistency of operations with those priorities and on monitoring the effectiveness of implementing systems , while responsibility for implementing and managing operations should be devolved to the Member States ; secondly , being straightforward , clear and precise , and , in connection with this simplification objective , it would therefore appear vital to combine the funds and entrust management of the single fund to a single Commission department ; thirdly , provide for programming arrangements to be decided upon in the context of a partnership between the Commission and the Member State concerned ; fourthly , give the monitoring committee a greater role , so that decisions on the programme and programme changes can be taken over by the monitoring committee ; and , lastly , maintain the incentive measures for effective implementation of operations , such as the n+2 automatic decommitment rule and the reserve for rewarding positive performance .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I am pleased to be able to report on the proceedings of the Intergovernmental Conference and the recent European Council .
Moreover , the Italian Presidency reiterates its refusal to support a watered-down compromise .
In particular , I would like to stress the agreement in principle on the European Initiative for Growth : an initiative that the Italian Presidency launched at the start of the six-month term and which the Commission has fully endorsed and made its own .
Lastly , we confirmed the importance of the social dimension of European economic development .
At Thessaloniki , we set out the programme of work .
While reaffirming full respect for national prerogatives in the sensitive area of deciding