The solution to this situation should be based on the right of the Kosovo Albanians to return home to an undivided and autonomous Kosovo under UN or OSCE protection , as part of a stability pact for southern Europe .
Nelson Mandela negotiated for years .
Let us look at what NATO has on offer .
What is more , the UN has been made to look foolish .
Surely it would still make sense to acknowledge that the outcome in the field demonstrates that thebombing has failed and must be stopped - unless the idea is to prove that the operation was a success , even though the patient died .
And it goes without saying that the standards the world has set for human rights must hold sway over the claims of nation states to sovereignty .
A colonel who has been witnessing the collapse of Yugoslavia over many years made the following point : 'Either people were plain stupid when they decided to launch this war , or they were extraodinarily cynical in believing that the flood of refugees and the attendant human tragedy were a price worth paying . '
The EU must now call for a peace-keeping force under UN auspices , involving Russian peace-keeping troops , so that ethnic Albanians can return to their homeland .
The Union 's task is to devise constructive solutions - politically , diplomatically and economically - to this and other conflicts .
However , this does not mean that NATO 's bombardments are a solution , or are likely to herald a positive outcome .
If we want a solution , there is one option only .
As you know , I come from Sweden .
Perhaps you can assist .
Thank you very much for that answer .
Even though we are providing financial assistance , it would be interesting to hear whether the EU Council of Ministers is ready to lean on the Moroccan Government in an effort to prevent it from once again taking a decision on a referendum , only to postpone implementation .
I should first of all like to thank the Council for its answer , and then I have a supplementary question .
I was wondering how much progress has been made .
I simply have a question on the agreement due to be reached with Norway and Iceland in the run-up to Schengen 's incorporation into the Treaty of Amsterdam .
We are talking here about a senior figure in the Central Bank being allowed to retire on a hefty pension while still being paid a salary .
Mr President , enlargement is of course a huge challenge for the European Union .
The applicant countries too will have to make adjustments in order to fulfil the Copenhagen criteria .
All applicant countries , including Hungary , need to strengthen their anti-corruption strategies .
It is therefore essential for the Hungarian Government to maintain an ongoing dialogue with both the opposition and the two sides of industry .
The environmental dimension is one of the main challenges of enlargement .
Their economic situation has meant that they have adopted farming practices somewhat different from those that we are used to in the EU.
I am thinking of both the voluntary sector and bodies such as Urban Forum .
The same applies to Latvia and Lithuania .
I was delighted at the result of the Estonian elections on 7 March .
Over the period between 1992 and 1994 , he led the government which steered Estonia along what has proved to be such a successful course of reform . 25 March this year was the 50th anniversary of the day on which 20 000 Estonian citizens were subjected to mass deportation from Estonia by Soviet occupation forces .
The switch-over to a market economy in these countries has created new markets and jobs for us , and a high level of stability has enabled them to weather the Russian crisis better than might otherwise have been the case .
It is stated , for example , that the ongoing privatisation processes in the applicant countries could jeopardise the status of conservation areas and the future of biological diversity .
It is now up to individual countries and the EU to embark on joint efforts in the interests of a better environment .
That is what the hallowed 'polluter pays ' principle is all about .
Such change need not necessarily be damaging , although human endeavour does sometimes impact negatively on the world around us .
But it is essential that they comply with the environmental legislation we ourselves have agreed upon .
Having an Ombudsman facilitates openness and transparency in the Union .
Thirdly , Council of Ministers documents will in future be deemed to include presidency papers .
Some very significant parameters have already been established by the measures and initiatives to which I have referred .
It is unfortunate that the whole process of the Commission 's resignation has noticeably slowed down this work .
We also need to know about future plans .
It is not enough to keep us informed of when third pillar meetings are being held and what measures have actually been taken .
I therefore look forward to the time when , with the backing of the Treaty of Amsterdam , the Ombudsman will be able to envisage overseeing a body such as Europol .
Equally , we need to ensure continuation of the good cooperation observed in the past between the Committee on Petitions and the Ombudsman .
I am particularly gratified that Commissioner Monti - who takes a special interest in this article - is with us today and has undertaken to speed up the procedures governing complaints .
In conclusion , may I join the chorus of speakers who have expressed their heartfelt thanks to our former chairman , Mr Newman .
Madam President , I should like to say a few words about the annual report by the