by sea rather than by road .
It is more environmentally friendly , more acceptable in every way .
But we have to ensure that we get the balance right .
That is what the rapporteur has been striving for .
One of the greatest problems will always be the cost factor .
To be competitive ports have to be more efficient and for this they will certainly require more support .
I support Mrs Attwooll 's appeal for the A75 .
It recognises that we in Northern Ireland export goods across what is a very expensive stretch of water between Northern Ireland and Scotland .
It is our main outlet for all we produce .
From Scotland they trundle down to England .
There certainly could be a more efficient and environmentally satisfactory way of doing that but there is no cheaper way .
For our industry or agriculture to survive they have to be cost-effective .
We had a very good ferry service set up between Ballycastle and the south of Scotland which was forced to close recently because of lack of support and bureaucracy .
Mr President , many of us in the Group of Greens and the European Free Alliance have our roots in the NGO and activist movement , so it is very dear to our hearts .
Earlier today we discussed the annual report of the Committee on Petitions , that is the complaints end of the process of evaluating what is going on within the European Union .
The NGOs in our view act as part of the preventive process .
They provide a scrutiny mechanism , they provide a way of making sure that we do not lose aspects of the legislation that we are doing .
They make us think of new things and they are essential to our process .
They are one of the few organisations which are really active on the citizens ' behalf and if we are trying to create confidence within the structures we are trying to build , their role is absolutely essential .
It is really important that they are there to counterbalance a lot of the business interests which do not seem to have financial difficulties in finding a path to our door , whereas for a lot of NGOs working internationally is enormously expensive .
The work we have been doing in various committees over the last few weeks on Article 13 , the anti-discrimination article , would have been impossible without the input of those bodies .
So the need to sort out a clear legal basis for their participation , and hence their funding , is absolutely essential , because this body cannot work properly without them .
Reference was made to the applicant countries , and I would echo the words of my colleague , Mr Pronk , that the NGO and civil society movement in those countries is going to be essential if we are going to have a European Union based on values of justice and democracy .
I would urge that we find a way of establishing a serious and reliable funding mechanism for those organisations that represent the poor , the excluded and the discriminated against at least , so that they are not scrabbling for funds every year , wondering if they are going to survive so they can do the job they exist to do .
Mr President , Mrs Lambert and Mrs Ghilardotti are right .
The European social NGOs are playing a critical role in our work .
Anyone who went through the Article 13 discrimination package could see this .
Since the 1998 budget crisis which saw the freezing of funds destined for NGO work with some of the most vulnerable people in Europe and the developing world , much progress has been made .
The Portuguese presidency broke new ground and invited the European aid platform to the Lisbon informal social affairs summit and the French presidency is following suit .
These kinds of initiatives were recognised in the conclusions of the Lisbon summit .
But words are not enough and two years after the 1998 budget crisis , the difficulties continue .
There have been two years of consultations with NGOs and all the Commission has come up with is a discussion paper and two internal working groups which have hardly met .
Meanwhile NGOs , and I worked in the NGO field , are being squeezed by bureaucratic rules which were introduced to promote accountability and transparency but which in the end have created more red tape .
The troubles of NGOs Mr President are further compounded by this House when it makes difficult rules on co-finance requirements which are set with the tightest deadlines .
The one budget line that we had - B3-4101 has been scrapped and the Commission has failed to come up with a proposal for a legal base for the civil dialogue either through suggesting a Council regulation or a Treaty article .
Worse , the social NGOs have been told by the Commission that they will need to be funded through our new discrimination and social exclusion budget lines .
How can that be when the funds for those programmes have been reduced beyond what is reasonable ?
A number of valuable social NGOs are facing serious crises because of the inaction of the Commission and the Council .
I saw one NGO which made an application for projects requiring eighty pages of budget sheets and so many supporting papers that one NGO application weighed over twelve kilos .
Mr President , that has to change .
NGOs are critical to our work and we must support them .
Mr President , on a point of order I should like to draw the attention of the House to a very serious incident which occurred yesterday in my constituency of Sunderland , in England