for me personally , however , the issue of human rights is also crucial .
As for the actual question that we are addressing , the fact that it has finally been possible to reach agreement on this issue is to be welcomed , although I must express my disappointment that the final outcome is not very favourable to Portuguese interests .
This monitoring does not consist solely of an assessment of the transposition in quantitative terms , but also an assessment of the quality of the transposition .
This is especially regrettable given that it reduces the effectiveness of the mechanism , and deprives it of virtues as important as enabling Member States to honour their obligations within the time allowed .
Sometimes less is more .     .
That being said , this principle is obviously inappropriate for a great many situations that should be approached at Community level .
I feel that the EU will benefit if it opts to make laws based on quality rather than quantity , and properly involves the national parliaments , and any other directly interested parties , in the process , in such a way that they can make their opinions heard at the appropriate time and can table alternative proposals .     .
I therefore voted in favour of the McCarthy report .     .
Broadly speaking , I warmly welcome the report we are discussing and voting on , and the Commission communication on which it is based .
This view does not mean that I reject regulations or fail to recognise their obvious usefulness .     .
What it needs to do is to legislate well in order to be useful .     . – As this report states , and as the recent spring economic forecasts demonstrate , there continues to be weak economic growth throughout the EU , along with high levels of unemployment , and more than 70 million people living in poverty , who tend to be forgotten by the Commission .
We feel that these are some of the vital proposals that will also help us gain the trust of EU citizens .
It is also true that neither the way in which the Stability and Growth Pact has been interpreted nor the opening of proceedings relating to excess deficit has been successful in preventing persistent imbalances in the public finances of the major European economies .
The second point concerns the need to continue to clarify the accounting concepts and practices of the Member States’ statistical institutions , that is to say , disseminating good practice , and harmonising concepts , timetables and methodologies .
There is no legal obstacle to its adoption .
In spite of the difficulties , Parliament was able to obtain this satisfactory compromise , which safeguards cohesion as a fundamental principle of the Union and the priority attached to the Lisbon Strategy .
This interinstitutional agreement was negotiated under extremely difficult circumstances .
The Structural Fund has been reduced by EUR 28 million in relation to the Commission ’s proposal , and from 0.41 % of Community GNI in the current financial framework to 0.37 % in the future framework , and that in an EU of 27 .
What clearly emerges from the answers given by the applicant Mr Stark to the questions put by the members of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs is his acceptance of the monetary policy pursued by the European Central Bank , not least the EC B’s primary objective of price stability .
Hence our vote against .     .
Given the urgent need to obtain an agreement , ‘this was the only possible compromise’ .
Its priorities will be to bring the levels of economic development of the different countries closer together and to improve the living conditions of their workers and citizens . - a root and branch overhaul of the common agricultural policy , with the aim of safeguarding each country ’s right to food sovereignty and safety , by means of introducing modulation and a ceiling for agricultural aid , and delivering fair redistribution of agricultural aid among farmers , types of production and countries . - an end to the conditionality of the Cohesion Fund to the Stability and Growth Pact and the non-application of the N+2 ( or 3 ) rule to this Fund or to the Structural Fund . - Complete compensation for regions that will suffer from the so-called statistical effect , such as the Algarve . - Portugal not losing Community funding and the creation of a specific programme for modernising the Portuguese economy in the context of enlargement .
If the information is to be believed , the Algarve region will be seriously harmed by the Commission ’s interpretation of the December Agreement , which could lead to the Algarve receiving far worse treatment than any other Objective 2 region , as it will no longer be eligible for phasing out .
Parliament has been given a more prominent role in the review of the Community budget , which is to take place by 2009 .
The EU has over the last few years undergone a major enlargement process to include new countries and political integration .
I voted in favour of the proposed financial perspective for 2007-2013 .
For the first time , it has become clear that this reform will take on crucial importance and will require Parliament’s involvement .     .
Europe’s citizens – the Portuguese in particular – would not appreciate any further delays .     .
This report follows the Commission ’s original proposal of December 2004 , which had two objectives : to prolong the validity period of transitional measures and to establish rules for the prevention , control and eradication of certain transmissible spongiform encephalopathies , one of the key issues of which is the ban on feeding livestock on processed animal proteins