One of these absurdities is a guaranteed maximum quota for the Community as a whole , which results in the absurd situation of a substantial cut in aid for producers of those countries that have not increased production , only because another country has produced excess quantities .
Our group believes that now is the time to do this , because the contrast has become so great between this procedure , which before involved long marathons , and the Agenda 2000 reforms which are the real package of farm prices on the table .
We also know that with the billion ECUs of the COM , it is quite difficult to guarantee for other sectors an opening for jobs like the one created by tobacco production , which is the most labour-intensive agricultural product grown in what are usually disadvantaged regions .
In the prices package these past two years , I myself presented a proposal aimed to renew the regulation on replanting and grubbing up .
Mr President , Commissioner , first of all I agree with the proposal for greater integration between production and processing in farm prices in the case of the hemp sector .
I agree with the idea of modulating the premium and consider it a useful proposal .
However , greater conviction could have perhaps gone into seeking a clearer and more effective compromise , because this resolution has too many points .
We Socialists see two risks .
Mr President , the report is noteworthy for two reasons that might seem contradictory : first of all , it can go into meticulous detail and at the same time it provides a broad overview of the future of European agriculture .
This occurs when the rapporteur combines the economic dimension of agricultural reform with its natural calling , which is related to the sustainable development of the area , the safeguarding of the living conditions of those working there - therefore farmers ' income - but especially to the development of regional productions .
These mechanisms must be based on guaranteed income and forms of integration between complementary professions , definitely treating farming as the main profession .
Similarly , we would like to highlight the paltry amount of credits made available .
This figure should be examined thoroughly so that it accurately reflects the socio-economic condition of a region , otherwise , we will find ourselves with obvious distortions of reality like , for example , in the case of the island regions .
And I am also thinking of employment - the major challenge at the end of this century - and in this sense I confirm the need to involve producers in the activities of the Fifth Framework Programme , and I am particularly thinking of the role of small and medium-sized enterprises .
Mr President , Commissioner , I certainly do not want to begin a discussion at this time on the fate of the World Trade Organization , but I would like everyone to know my opinion , which is not an enthusiastic opinion on this conference and on the function carried out by this body .
I think that we should give considerable thought to all these issues before the third millennium round gets under way .
We are faced with a serious deadlock in the peace process , and we were able to see that the settlement of new land was the response to the request put forward by the Oslo Accords , which was 'peace for land ' .
I believe that in view of this impasse the extremist and intransigent fringes on both sides will inevitably grow and propose military solutions .
For this is the crucial point of the tension between Israel and Palestine ; whatever the direct cause of the interruption of the process , there is no doubt that the resumption of dialogue would bring tension back into the right proportion and make it possible to assess the situation of the opposing sides , with our eyes cast to the future .
Let 's remember that the European Union has a role to play quite apart from just being a bureaucratic or economic union : there is also a moral choice to which we must return .
What can we do ?
Secondly , the Union must ensure funds for Palestine .
Finally , I must mention the initiative launched by the European Parliament : in Malta .
This is what Parliament can do , and I believe that it would be a good idea for it , too , to step up its action .
It should be said , however , that this is an excuse on the part of the Israelis .
Personally , I consider it unacceptable that Israel has not yet given a reply to the American proposal , which was in itself a compromise , for a partial , a very partial withdrawal - the famous 12 % or 13 % or 11 % - from the Occupied Territories .
Mr President , it would be difficult not to agree with the Commission 's proposals on granting financial assistance to the administration of the Palestinian Territories which we propose calling from now on the West Bank and Gaza .
I say this not to play down the importance of the efforts that the Commissioners and President-in-Office are making in this direction , but to underscore a political and an institutional fact , that of a European Union that does not have a political entity in a position to act .
Amendments to the proposal for a regulation would therefore be helpful in order to better clarify the objectives and the terms of action , stressing the need to consolidate the peace process and coming up with a more detailed definition of the legal basis of this financial cooperation .
Here is further proof of how Milosevic is Pinocchio , that is to say , a liar ,