number of common interests there are between the EU and China today .
China is in all respects becoming a more and more important player on the world stage , and that also applies in the combating of terrorism where we must appreciate China 's active support for this serious struggle .
We also want China to fulfil the Copenhagen Criteria .
The ELDR Group has tabled a list of amendments , all designed to tighten up the report a little .
We are all familiar with this , and we know why it exists .
The ELDR Group believes that the will and desires of Taiwan must be respected and that the China policy is an obstacle to their being so .
Last year , the President of Taiwan , Chen Shui-bian , was awarded the Liberal International Freedom Prize .
His wife instead collected it , here in this House in November .
Nonetheless , we should like to express our dissatisfaction with the fact that the Member States do not comply with their obligations to respect the President of Taiwan 's basic right to travel freely .
The Olympic Games are to be held in China in 2008 .
Recently , China has employed a practice whereby children born in mainland China are separated from their parents in Hong Kong .
I would again thank Mr Graça Moura for a thorough and well-considered report which aims at a more effective EU policy on the China issue .
.
I have two points to make , and they are in actual fact the same two points Mr Kuckelkorn touched upon , one concerning the open method of coordination for pensions and the other concerning the internal market for supplementary pension schemes .
It is especially heartening that the debate on future pensions is no longer concerned only with national finances and with how expensive it will become over the next ten years because of the many pensioners .
It is a good thing that the Member States are talking together about how we ensure that good , secure conditions for pensioners can be afforded in the future .
However , I wish nonetheless to highlight the problem that exists with open coordination , namely the democratic deficit .
The agreements are then confirmed by ministers of the Member States who , it must then be assumed , have popular mandates .
When we adopt legislation in the EU , there are public debates in the Member States , that is to say in the national parliaments .
Here in the European Parliament , we have our open debates so that the public can hear and understand what the arguments are behind our decisions and so that special interest groups can make their presence felt in the debates .
If we are serious about this cooperation and want to see it reflected in actual policy , then the doors must be thrown open when decisions are made concerning objectives and guidelines .
The European Parliament can also play a positive role in this cooperation , for it is in this context that we of course bring all cultures together and look at things in their overall context .
Cooperation on a subject such as future pensions , in particular , demands transparency , for this is a subject that deeply affects us all , and I believe that a lot of the fear concerning the possible implications of pension reforms could be exorcised through greater openness .
The second point I wish to mention briefly is that of calling upon the Council and the Commission to bring about the speedy adoption of the Directive on Supplementary Pensions .
It must , of course , be the right form of directive that we adopt .
With that in mind , however , it is important to get things moving .
It is estimated , as a previous speaker has also said , that getting on for half a million deaths over the next 35 years will be directly linked to the serious illnesses caused by asbestos .
For many years , asbestos was used without a thought for the harmful effects it might have and , as a precise consequence of this , the asbestos problem will dog us for many years to come .
The proposal reduces the limit value for the number of asbestos particles to which workers may be exposed .
What is crucial is that the employer be obliged to provide a relevant training programme for everyone at risk of being exposed to asbestos in the course of their work .
Workers must be clear about how to protect themselves and others .
In accordance with the Commission 's proposal , common guidelines concerning the content of the training programme must be set up , and these must be as precise and exhaustive as possible .
I would also comment on the ban on asbestos .
The total ban on all use and marketing of asbestos is to be implemented in all the Member States from January 2005 .
If the ban is indeed uncertain , the problem should be tackled .
It would be contrary to all the principles on the basis of which we normally proceed .
I will adopt a political approach to the matter , and I should like to take the opportunity to ask the Commissioner to give an account today of the Commission 's interpretation of this problem .
It would be interesting to be given an answer to that question .
I also wish finally to say a big thank-you to the rapporteur , who has done an incredible amount of work to get this report up and running .
I am entirely in favour of the report .
Mr President , I too should like to congratulate Mrs Damião on the report .
As Mrs Thorning-Schmidt pointed out , there is still an unsolved problem in connection with the legislation on asbestos .
