need to show political determination , we need to provide economic , political and humanitarian assistance , but we also need to be realistic about what we can do , how far we can go , what the prevailing circumstances are , what difficulties the people there face , what balances need to be respected , what values hold sway and how we can provide help in the right direction .
We need to look at individual concerns , what is happening with the constitution , what is happening on the humanitarian and numerous other fronts , and we need to take an overall view and apply an overall strategy as to how we can influence developments .
?he motion on fundamental rights in the European Union is , generally speaking , a good motion .
Soon we will be calling for freedom of establishment and freedom of business activity and the monasteries will be overrun with Coca-Cola stands .
.
We are urged ( paragraph 17 ) to abolish the death penalty .
Mr President , as President-in-Office , may I offer the European Parliament my warmest congratulations on its selection .
I would like to congratulate him and , at the same time , say how sorry I am that Greece will be losing him for a while .
The situation in Lebanon is still extremely complicated , mainly because so many different communities live there , meaning that problems require a multiethnic , multilingual , multi-religious approach , not forgetting that Lebanon offers shelter to a great many - about 370 000 - Palestinian refugees .
The first step was the Israeli withdrawal from southern Lebanon in May 2000 , followed by a partial withdrawal of the Lebanese-Syrian army in June 2001 .
Implementation of the action plan adopted by the European Council in September 2001 is progressing well .
As far as respect for human rights is concerned , the Council is monitoring this issue closely .
In addition , regular political dialogue will be established at various levels , mainly in the Association Agreement , on all matters of interest .
I should like , if I may , to make a number of comments on the Association Agreement , to which the European Parliament is being invited to give its assent .
This agreement is vital to the European Union 's entire Mediterranean policy and is yet another step towards the creation of a Euro-Mediterranean free trade zone .
The Members of Parliament involved will have to set the framework for this dialogue which , as far as the Council is concerned , will supplement Euro-Mediterranean dialogue in general .
The Euro-Mediterranean summit in Valencia proposed strengthening the parliamentary dimension of Euro-Mediterranean dialogue by creating a Euro-Mediterranean Parliamentary Assembly .
One of our presidency 's priorities is to achieve new levels of integration and boost the credibility of Euro-Mediterranean cooperation , which is why we are currently examining the cooperation mechanisms and measures needed in order to create this assembly .
Mr President-in-Office of the Council , Commissioner , may I take this opportunity of welcoming you to this plenary session of the European Parliament .
However , we must bear in mind that Lebanon is in the middle of reconstruction , both economic and social and ideological reconstruction , following the civil war .
At the level of the European institutions and Member States , we need to make full use of the potential of this agreement and give Lebanon the chance to participate in cultural exchange programmes and galvanise its civil society .
May I remind you that the European Parliament called in a resolution on respect for women 's rights within the framework of Euro-Mediterranean cooperation for an express provision on the protection of women 's rights , together with a policy for monitoring that protection , similar to the provision applied to the candidate countries which are now about to join the Union .
First , I should like to thank Commissioner Patten for adding some very detailed and useful comments on aspects of the situation on the ground in Lebanon and the policies of the European Union and the Commission 's efforts in this direction .
It is on our very doorstep and obviously we have a keen interest .
As far as Hezbollah are concerned , may I say that the Council pays a great deal of attention to terrorist issues at its regular meetings and discussions on the Middle East .
I should like to finish by saying that an association agreement is an important tool .
However , what we are trying and aiming to do is precisely to use multiple means of cooperation , of which the association agreement is one , to do our best to support developments in the area , prosperity and better prospects for the area and relations with a country which belongs to the Mediterranean , which belongs to an area on our very doorstep.
The Council had the opportunity - last December - to examine with the European Parliament the problems caused by repeated accidents of this sort during a general debate on the Prestige disaster .
Parliament and the Council approved five of the six acts proposed by the Commission in the Erika I and Erika II packages of legislative measures under the codecision procedure .
In its conclusions approved on 6 December 2002 , and in points 1 , 5 and 8 in particular , the Council invited the Commission 'as a matter of urgency , to present a proposal concerning an accelerated phasing out of single hull tankers' , called upon Member States 'to accelerate the transposition of the amended directive with a view to applying the enhanced control measures as soon as possible , and preferably before 1 January 2003' and urged the Member States 'to establish as early as possible and no later than by 1July 2003 plans for the identification of places of refuge for ships in distress ' .
