made in the United States .
With regard to the objectives of the common strategy that have been mentioned , it is laudable , of course , to aim for the implementation of a Euro-Latin American area of peace and stability , in addition to the signing of a peace charter , a task that in my opinion would be difficult to achieve , but not as difficult as reaching equivalent objectives , such as those sought by the Barcelona process for Euro-Mediterranean cooperation , whose execution has not so far made it possible to solve the Middle East conflict .
The creation of a Euro-Latin American area of peace and stability has to be founded upon the principles of human rights , democracy and the fight against drug trafficking .
The Salafranca report is , generally speaking , very comprehensive and quite ambitious .
I would also like to insist upon something Mr Salafranca has also stressed , which is that a very large country in Latin America with which we have a privileged relationship , Ecuador , still has no delegation , despite previous agreements and commitments made by this Parliament and the Commission itself .
And , with regard to this , our Parliamentary Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance has tabled various amendments aimed at preserving aspects relating to the environment and sustainability in the transportation market , such as the rational use of energy and the fulfilment of standards on the control of emissions which contaminate the atmosphere , greenhouse gases , noise , etc , as well as giving priority to alternative forms of transport which make a better contribution to the much hoped-for reduction in traffic congestion .
Mr President , open access to the port services market and equal opportunities in this field are not only appropriate but also a requirement of the Treaties on which the European Union is founded .
Madam President , Madam President-in-Office of the Council , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , little more than two months after the attacks of 11 September , we have all understood , including the United States , that , in order to confront global terrorism , we need to create a policy with many dimensions : military , security , intelligence , humanitarian , I would add cultural , and others .
Police cooperation is improving .
I will take this opportunity to say to the Commissioner that my group , and , I believe , the whole of Parliament , hopes that the Commission , using its powers as guardian of the Treaties , and also its powers of initiative , will take a clear approach in relation to Laeken and the Convention by raising these issues .
Mr President , after congratulating the rapporteur , I would like to begin by stressing that the ship-building industry throughout Europe is facing a serious crisis which could affect the very credibility of the European Union and perhaps endanger the continued existence of this sector in the Union , given the unfair competition on the part of South Korea .
Twenty years on will be too late .
There is absolutely no doubt that the Republic of Korea is practising dumping in the sector , and for this reason the European industry cannot compete .
Finally , and after so many complaints about it , the Commission has presented an initiative , with the acquiescence of the Council , and has proposed certain provisional measures to us , which consist of a temporary defence mechanism , specifically designed to counteract Korea ' s unfair practices , putting a complaint procedure before the World Trade Organisation .
I have also stressed that the crisis is serious .
In this case , the weapons of the North are aiming at European positions , bringing to mind in many cases the situation of Japan or that of other industries .
Mr President , Madam President-in-Office of the Council , the European Council has been able to differentiate between Arab and Muslim religion and society , on the one hand , and fanatical Islamic terrorist groups on the other .
Will the Council be opening humanitarian corridors and seeking political solutions ?
Let us not give the key and the administration to Pakistan , but let us do it directly so that it reaches the people of Afghanistan .
Thank you very much , Madam President-in-Office of the Council .
We therefore have a special interest in Barcelona being a genuine success and that it be remembered as a truly significant advance in terms of the commitments we have been taking on since the meeting in Lisbon last year .
Lisbon set the objective of a fully competitive society by 2010 , in which we would be able to overcome our technological and scientific backwardness in comparison with the United States , which was the term of reference established in Lisbon .
By presenting this proposed regulation , the Commission is conforming to the guidelines set by the Nice European Council of 7 December 2000 .
In the same way , the proposal excludes sectors directly affected by the non-renewal of the agreement , such as the non-extractive fisheries industries .
This is all the more serious if we bear in mind that these ship owners and fishermen had not been warned that , if they found an activity , they would be penalised when it came to conversion .
In accordance with the conclusions of the Nice European Council , the Commission proposes granting up to EUR 197 million for this specific measure .
Our obligation today is to close this chapter with the greatest possible dignity and responsibility towards this sector , which is going to suffer an unprecedented fisheries conversion .
I therefore ask the Commission to remain receptive and promote any mutually beneficial fishing cooperation initiative which may arise in the future