Such measures will put maritime and insular areas on an equal footing with other areas of the EU.
I hope for their adoption .
Mr President , our group welcomes the horizontal thrust of the EQUAL initiative so that , if you are a British Muslim physically disabled in some way you no longer have to chose which category of discrimination you belong to as a target group : you can use your expertise and experience to solve problems , rather than being defined as the problem .
There is a lot of expertise within the relevant organisations which deserves to be shared .
We also welcome the recognition of the need for evaluation and the dissemination of best practice for the tightening up of the transnational level .
We are concerned , therefore , as others have said , at the number of amendments which seek to exclude even further some of society ' s most excluded , by aiming for a very narrow definition of "refugee" . My group will not be supporting those amendments .
We are also concerned at the number of amendments which , in seeking to introduce greater flexibility , run the risk perhaps of obscuring responsibility for the management of the EQUAL initiative .
Mr President , I welcome the EQUAL initiative and the report which highlights the need to distinguish between actions to combat discrimination against women and actions to combat discrimination against minority groups .
Women are not a minority and often suffer double discrimination as members of minority groups as well as because of their gender .
This is why specific action for women is needed , as well as mainstreaming .
The report addresses this and proposes integrating action to achieve equality between women and men in all aspects of work ; it also recognises the importance of working with local and regional bodies which are those closest to the people to help ensure that all project results are mainstreamed .
The involvement of voluntary and community groups will also be an essential ingredient of the EQUAL initiative and the projects .
The development partnerships within the thematic fields , which are referred to in Amendment No. 22 , would enable even the smaller organisations to play a part in the EQUAL initiative .
My group will be supporting Amendment No. 22 .
In welcoming the cross-sectoral approach embodied in the new EQUAL initiative , it is crucial that the programme addresses the distinct forms of discrimination which militate against disabled people in particular : physical barriers in the workplace affecting those with limited mobility , visual information systems which exclude blind workers , working systems which effectively close the door on people with learning difficulties or with mental health problems .
Organisations of disabled people and disabled people ' s non-disabled representatives must have a proper interest at every stage of decision-making .
That is why this Parliament has put forward paragraphs 10 and 15 of the resolution , to ensure that Member States cannot ignore any one target group .
Disabled people have too often been left off the list .
Because disabled people do not form one homogenous group - for example many deaf people see themselves as a linguistic minority denied respect for their own language and culture - it is necessary as stated in paragraph 9 to enable some partnerships to be defined which are specific to a particular disability or other group .
EQUAL remains crucial also to regions like my own , in the east of England , outside the principal funds of Objective I. We have had an extra incentive to take up Community initiative funding and an excellent record in response .
Former ADAPT projects range from the CORE project , which has developed new supply chains for the car industry in Bedfordshire , to projects to raise standards in small businesses in Hertfordshire in Essex .
We have seen the NOW project helping 70 women to return to work in Suffolk , many of whom were able to come and share the results of their experience directly with us at the European Parliament in Brussels .
EQUAL remains important to us because it is precisely in relatively more prosperous regions that lower-skilled jobs are being shed , which can be an important first destination for those discriminated against in the labour market .
Finally , a word on INTERREG.
It really is quite nonsensical that partnerships set up in 1994 are being rolled over now to the exclusion of new inter-regional links .
During this period the ports of Great Yarmouth and Harwich on the Essex-Suffolk-Norfolk coast have launched significant new transportation and economic links with partners in the Netherlands .
I urge Parliament to support our Amendment No 2 , which would ensure flexibility so as to include new areas , particularly on maritime borders .
Mr President , I want to refer to the Commission proposals on the budget line to promote the CAP.
On 26 October 1999 the European Commission adopted a proposal to ensure that a legal basis is given to the budget line informing the public about the CAP.
This proposal will remove the current budget line B2-5122 and create a new budget heading B1-382 .
Actions which promote understanding between young farmers and the EU and also create stronger links with EU candidate countries and the outside world are important .
Therefore I am putting forward these amendments to Parliament to give its support to the contributions of this type of programme .
Given the need to encourage young farmers to continue in farming it is vitally important that they are well-informed about developments in the common agricultural policy .
Informing and training young farmers at European level is vitally important .
I would ask you to support that part of the available budget should be concentrated on the development of knowledge amongst European young farmers .
Regarding information