With regard to Albania , preparations to that effect are being made .
Only a financial contribution is in the interest of all Europeans ; anything else will just lead to wasted energy and to future disasters .
Ukraine ' s main river , the Dnepr , is still at risk of becoming contaminated .
NGOs carry out their work under difficult conditions .
Let us for once overstep our own political and bureaucratic boundaries .
However , it is extremely regrettable that the diligence which Sweden has displayed in this matter is particularly ahead of its time .
This is the policy by means of which we can fight BSE.
You cannot restore confidence just like that , not even by encouraging organic farming , or by discouraging large-scale , industrial production methods .
We want a green revolution , we want quality rather than quantity , our agricultural policy can no longer damage the environment , we must move away from protectionism which disadvantages third-world countries , and we must take animal welfare seriously .
And we should not wait six years to achieve this .
At 2.6 % in March , inflation is still far too high .
I would urge the Commissioner to show more ambition in this area .
That is why I am asking the Commissioner why the topic " citizens and governance in the European knowledge-based society " , for which EUR 225 million has been earmarked in the sixth Framework Programme , does not fall within the same category as "technologies in the information society " .
As this will not happen of its own accord , we need to look into the applications that could strengthen social cohesion .
More emphasis on the listed policy aspects is required if we want to create a knowledge-based society which involves the entire population .
However important historic awareness may be , becoming historical is generally not a very positive notion .
In recent years several Member States have introduced national legislation that allows their companies to use International Accounting Standards .
A Member State can , for example , permit or require fair value only for listed companies .
We want it to be up-to-date and forward-looking .
Incorrect and hasty preparations have created a situation in which the moderate advocates of disclosure are voting in favour and the radical advocates are being forced to vote against .
Since the Macedonian government has not yet come to this realisation , it is driving part of its inhabitants to despair .
However , a number of members of my Group were less satisfied with the underlying Swedish initiative proposal .
Madam President , in voting as we did just now as a group on the Cameroon question , we were assuming that other groups would help us in raising Guatemala , the position of Rios Montt and the very serious human rights violations next month ; we should also like to propose that this topic , major reports and the situation in Congo be dealt with next month , since we are directly involved as the EU and it appears that next month will be possible .
After all , we were dealing with a different case with different provisions attached in that judgment by the Court , but we certainly believe that we acted in accordance with the spirit of the Court ' s judgment , and no more could be expected of us .
This topic will definitely be a political challenge to us all .
I should like to take this opportunity to express my appreciation of the Council .
I should like to mention the rapid decision-making .
These in turn involve largely small and medium-sized businesses , which form the heart of the economy .
For that reason I am for the time being reasonably optimistic .
On the one hand we have this directive aimed at discouraging smoking which points out the health dangers , but at the same time Europe continues to give huge subsidies for tobacco growing .
In Northern Europe these turn out to be people with low educational attainment and lower incomes .
The Swedish Presidency also ensured that this file was processed quickly , for which it earns my praise .
However , when in December last year Parliament had approved 32 amendments on second reading , things looked very different .
In fact that is more accurate , since no one dies immediately as a result of lighting up a cigarette .
Finally , Mr President , I again feel obliged to emphasise that European policy is inconsistent .
The mobility programme gives students , teachers , volunteers , placement students and others the opportunity of gaining experience abroad .
It was possible after all to further improve the text of the recommendation .
Mr President , Mrs Reding , ladies and gentlemen , Europe is to become , in the words of the Lisbon and Stockholm declarations , the most dynamic and competitive knowledge economy .
I have made that observation on more than one occasion .
I should , however , like to state clearly that my group feels that the European Parliament should have an input in the follow-up report and we must be very closely involved .
This is now impossible .
Those reforms should make Europe more innovation-friendly .
Indeed , a new step in integration can only live up to its name if the integration of the environment and economy actually gets off the ground .
It is this hierarchy which is not being respected in the Commission proposal , for prevention is being shifted to another directive and re-use of whole appliances is not being recognised .
In fact , the Directive on the restriction of the use of certain hazardous substances in electrical and electronic equipment forms part of the prevention objective stated in Article 1 of the Directive on discarded electrical and electronic equipment .
What I find important