That is precisely what is missing now in the case of the Aegean .
When Turkey provoked the dangerous incident on Imia , it was the Americans - not the Europeans - who intervened and sent Mr Holbrooke , the architect of the Dayton accords , to take the heat out of the situation .
Time is running out .
Is it proper , Mr President-in-Office , at a time when Turkey is flagrantly violating international law , that you should have announced it to us just like that ?
Have we learnt absolutely nothing ?
Exactly who gets hurt each time credibility is lost hardly matters .
I just wish to say that on numerous occasions there has been no shortage of hypocrisy in the European Union , and no shortage of it here , too , in the European Parliament .
The Dayton peace was imposed by weapons , by force .
Posterity will judge whether the European Union shouldered its responsibility and implemented a good policy .
However , in the light of the high-level debate this morning and the decision taken by such an overwhelming - some might say , crushing - majority , I just want to say that when I tabled this question on 5 June I could not have imagined , no matter how great my powers of forecasting , that the issue would have reached its present pass .
The issue is that things specific and things general , for example , the Florence Summit and the intergovernmental conference , are going on under the shadow of the problem created by the government of Mr Major .
I am concerned for my fellow-Europeans across the whole of the European Union , and for the people of the whole world .
Permit me to say , as a professor of medicine , that I understand the problems stemming from mad cow disease .
I would appreciate a further comment from you , Mr President-in-Office , beyond the resolution that you read to us at the end and about which I am glad ; a further statement from you as to whether specific decisions have been taken , such as on exploring the possibility , with the Commission , of taking the matter to the European Court .
I am grateful to the President-in-Office , at least for the length of his answer .
Despite their good intentions , they were unable to achieve any progress because of the opposition of certain other Member States which had embarked on initiatives of their own which , in the final analysis , served to undermine the Italian presidency 's initiative .
We believe that the time is now right for the European Union to assume its responsibilities and to embark on a joint action , which should include appointing a coordinator for Cyprus and developing ideas for a number of cooperation programmes to involve Greek and Turkish Cypriots , and also - why not - formulating a proposal for a solution to the Cyprus problem based on the resolutions of the United Nations and , in view of the fact that Cyprus is due to move towards accession to the European Union , on the Community legal order .
I would like to say first of all that we in this Parliament viewed Mr Di Roberto 's appointment as mediator , as the representative of the presidency in the search for a solution to the Cyprus problem , as a very positive step .
Did Mr Di Roberto himself deal with that question , and what does his report say , if , in fact , he has submitted a report ?
You are all aware of the problems that Turkey is creating for Syria , at least as far as water is concerned .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , the MEDA programme encompasses many important actions covering nearly every sector of civil life : energy , transport infrastructures , regional cooperation , small and medium-sized enterprises , and a whole variety of other activities within that bracket .
In fact , that is what you , and the Commission , recommended in your original proposal .
In the case of this report , Commissioner , common points of agreement were found very easily , and we worked through it in the Committee on Social Affairs and , I venture to say , improved it , and finally approved it , unanimously , without any difficulty at all .
I must stress that the emphasis is placed where we believe it to be necessary ; that is to say , not on the officially large corporations , which are pretty obviously not a problem in that monitoring is easy , but on the many instances in which small and medium-sized enterprises have to deal with these phenomena on a daily basis and right alongside us .
In addition , I believe that the implementation timetable in our proposal strikes a good compromise between the immediate future and the time that undertakings actually need to adjust to the new equipment .
Madam President , I , too , wish to thank and congratulate Mr Söderman .
I believe that the account it provides , together with the actions initiated by the Ombudsman and the presence and influence that he has brought to bear since the post was introduced , vindicate and re-endorse the confidence shown by the European Parliament and give the best possible guarantee of the institution 's future .
Not as a pretext for boosting our prestige , but in order that we can demonstrate convincingly that we are fighting for full democracy in the European Union .
The self-delusion of some people who maintain that it is a case of good pro-Westerners on the one side and supporters of the former regime on the other - that , too , is reprehensible , given