We are trying to ensure that the rights and interests of victims of crime are better respected in all EU Member States , even when the crime itself has been committed outside the victim 's usual country of residence .
Consequently , many travellers and holidaymakers will benefit from this European initiative .
This measure will help allow victims of crime to be able to claim full , immediate and effective compensation for any damage suffered , if possible to be paid by the perpetrator of the crime .
Combating crime is crucial for my constituents in the North West .
The Labour Government is cracking down on crime and disorder .
With Labour , crime is already down 10 % since 1997 .
Domestic burglary is down by 21 % and vehicle crime by 15 % - their lowest levels for a decade .
The six-year decline in police numbers has been halted - 9000 extra recruits will take police numbers to their highest level ever .
The Queen 's Speech spells out that our next step is to cut violent crime and disorder by working together .
The Tories , on the other hand , offer nothing but rising crime and falling investment .
The Tories , on the other hand , offer nothing but rising crime and falling investment .
Their record on law and order speaks for itself : during their time in office , the chance of being a victim of burglary increased from one in 32 to one in 13 ; the chance of being a victim of violent crime trebled .
Madam President , the Labour Government is determined to be tough on crime and tough on the causes of crime .
By introducing greater protection for victims of crime across Europe , our citizens will gain confidence in the judicial system and the police , not just across Britain , but right across the European Union .
( The sitting was suspended at 1 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m. )
European Council/ French Presidency ( continuation ) Mr President , despite what the President of the Republic says about the problems faced , in view of the spectacle at Nice , one must question whether the Union is really and truly prepared for enlargement .
The candidates cannot have been pleased at the sight of the scramble for national power and status among the prime ministers .
Sadly the common cause of Europe was a marginal factor .
For the decisions on Council voting and seats in Parliament a more suitable venue would have been the casino at Cannes rather than the Acropolis at Nice , with Mr Chirac playing the role of chief croupier .
Particularly regrettable was the failure to make reference to the Charter - a failure that will bring legal uncertainty and political frustration .
However , my greatest fear is that Britain , France and Germany will now be able to subvert the delicate balance developed between states of various sizes and between the institutions over several decades .
We will resist this forcefully .
Mr President , after the Single European Act , after Maastricht , after the Treaty of Amsterdam , this Parliament had to judge the results .
In all those cases we reached the conclusion that those treaties were not entirely satisfactory , did not respond to all of our aspirations , but nonetheless represented a step forward and were at least better than the status quo .
We recommended that they be ratified .
This time we have a treaty which , at least on one point , represents a step backwards and is arguably worse than the status quo : that is , the new system for qualified majority voting in the Council , which makes reaching a decision even more difficult than it is at present .
It introduces a triple threshold : number of states , population , and the percentage of the votes set at a higher level than is the case at the moment .
At the moment it is 71 % of the votes .
That is already very high .
It was set high to make sure that under any permutation such a qualified majority represented a majority of the population .
Now that we have a population criterion in there anyway , it should have been possible to lower the threshold in terms of the number of votes .
Instead it seems that it has been raised , although I speak while waiting to see the final text : apparently there was an adjustment in the last hour of the IGC on that .
I will evaluate that outcome when I see the text .
Nonetheless that is a very worrying situation .
For the rest the Treaty is a mixture of unsatisfactory and positive things - unsatisfactory but nonetheless better than the status quo , I suppose , at least as regards the extension of qualified majority voting , the extension of the codecision procedure for the European Parliament , and the provisions for enhanced cooperation .
That is all better than we have now , even if not all of our requests and desires have been met .
Finally , there are a few positive things : the new version of Article 7 of the Treaty ; the article on political parties and their statute ; the right of this Parliament to take the other institutions to the Court of Justice - that is also an important factor of political control ; the new formula for the European Commission , putting the so-called "lex Prodi" into the Treaty , strengthening the President and the new composition of the Commission - a reasonable compromise which I accept and will work over time ; and , as my colleague , Mr Tsatsos pointed out , the way forward to the future .
This is not the end of the story