However , I regret that since it has gone on longer I must leave the debate in order not to miss the last flight to Sweden .
I would like to come back to Mr Cox ' s comparison with the Irish pub , where no doubt the beer represented the convention .
I believe that it is over-hasty to say that the decision-making process is worse following the Treaty of Nice , as some speakers have done .
When we evaluate the Treaty of Nice I believe that we will see that in practice the decision-making process has actually been improved .
Moreover , I would like to agree with the speakers who said that Nice was decisive for being able to continue with the enlargement and that Nice has therefore played an important part in ensuring that what is the most important matter for the Union today , namely enlargement , will continue to be important .
Despite the fact that I share the criticism that has been advanced , I believe that a no vote would have been much worse than a yes .
It is a difficult treaty that is difficult to understand .
This is something that we must change .
No outsiders were allowed to participate in the process .
In this connection I also think that it is important that we accept our responsibility as politicians .
We must start with the objective debate .
All fifteen national parliaments in the Member States will ratify the Treaty during 2001 , irrespective of how dissatisfied and critical the majority here in the European Parliament are .
All our historical experience shows that new tax levels and new decision levels for tax deductions lead to higher taxes and less money left for the citizens .
Firstly , it is time to improve citizens ' and the national parliaments ' insight and control of the Council ' s work and to make the Council ' s meetings open when the Council acts as legislator .
We are consequently in favour of the PPE-DE ' s Amendment No 77 concerning definition of the EU' s powers .
The High Representative Javier Solana and Commissioner Chris Patten participated .
The visit was based on the Council ' s conclusions and guidelines from October and November 2000 .
An assurance was also given that Chairman Kim Chung-il wishes to see a second summit , but that the time must be right for this .
The exports were a purely commercial issue .
I hope that a first meeting will be able to take place during the Swedish Presidency .
However , the results of our efforts cannot be finally assessed for a couple of years yet .
Five minutes to debate sustainable development in a 25-year perspective is not much , and it is an art to be able to keep to the time margin exactly to the second .
It is an inheritance that goes back further in time .
Well , we are discussing the future of coming generations .
The process in Parliament for producing this document , which is still to form some kind of basis or contribution to the Gothenburg Summit , leaves a great deal to be desired .
The whole of Parliament , the committees working on social and economic issues and all the other committees that are actually concerned should be involved .
Otherwise , we restrict the issue and make it just an environmental issue , which it is not .
However , if we do not have a well-functioning planet in ecological respects , it will be very difficult to discuss social and economic issues .
It is about utilising the economy that exists .
We must see ourselves as part of the planet , in the global context .
We also have a responsibility in international trade relations .
The Commission , but naturally also the Council , must think about how we can encourage people to feel involved , and ensure that this is the case , so that it does not just become a message from on high .
There must also be evidence that the Commission and the Council really want to move from words to actions .
The fact that these issues are high on the agenda is an expression of political will regarding change and renewal .
Now we must take a stand on concrete proposals , goals and funds , based on the Commission ' s well-formulated proposal for a strategy for sustainable development and the reports presented by Mrs Hulthén and Mr Blokland .
We must now adopt a holistic approach in which various political areas cooperate .
The goal for Europe is to be the world ' s most competitive and dynamic knowledge-based economy .
In the continued work on a strategy of sustainability , dialogue with civil society and between the institutions of the European Union must be strengthened .
The aim for the Presidency ahead of the European Council in Gothenburg is to adopt a strategy which will link the Lisbon Process with the strategy for sustainable development , establishing the ecological dimension by setting a number of clear , monitorable targets in order to reverse the negative trends we see today .
It will mean discarding unsustainable subsidies .
I would particularly like to mention the requirements in this report for a climate change programme and targets for renewable energy , the requirement for changes to transport policy , the requirement for a new chemicals policy based on the precautionary principle , the requirement for a sustainability analysis of all decisions , and the requirement for a strengthening of the sustainability perspective in the European Union ' s global work .
This is therefore the vital task for us .
The meeting recognised no borders between countries or between people .
They lack patience , they lack fear of tackling difficult and complex problems