Our position on culture depends on the type of policy it promotes and the values , principles and aesthetic standards it puts forward .
And it targets Mediterranean countries and the Central and Eastern European countries in particular .
That is why the MEPs of the Communist Party of Greece abstained from voting .
The trans-European networks , despite the commitments made by the Essen Council , are progressing at a snail 's pace .
We got off to a very slow start in 2000 , for which the Member States were mainly to blame and the same applied in 2001 .
We know that the Commission is trying to do something about this and that Commissioner Barnier has tried to do something about this , especially with his recent communication and the meetings he has been holding with Ministers from the Member States .
So they must do what they can to ensure funds are disbursed quickly and , of course , the Commission must monitor developments closely so that we can put a stop to this problem because , if things go on as they are , I am afraid that , in the end , a big chunk of Structural Fund resources will go to waste .
The problem is being exacerbated by enlargement , not just because borders are opening up and facilitating crime , but because poverty , which is proving hard to combat in the candidate countries , also lies at the root of the problem .
I shall inform my honourable friend , who is unable to be here today to discuss this with you , that there can be no remission of sin for any crime committed , as he points out , on the grounds of ideological motive .
The purpose of this initiative is to guarantee the same level of protection for self-employed workers and employed workers and it calls on the Member States to distinguish between three types of action .
It would appear that most of your amendments address situations where employed workers and self-employed workers work alongside each other and I agree that this sort of situation needs to be defined more clearly in the recommendation .
First , Kaliningrad .
However , abundant manpower is what determines development and development is what we need to see .
Having said which , I am positive that two new steps forward will be taken over the next two days and , as we continue on this course , we at the heart of the European Union , the European Parliament , must generate the political spirit and climate which , unfortunately , tend to be lacking , reducing the debate from a debate on overcoming problems to a mean , tight-fisted debate .
The hastily convened summit in Brussels is being called on to contain the differences between the powers that be in the European Union and quell the disappointment of the citizens of the candidate countries , who can now see through the promises made to them by the propagandists of enlargement .
And from what we have heard today from the members of the Council and the Commission , the people of Europe have nothing to gain from enlargement .
The way in which integration itself is being handled basically legitimises the disgraceful state of partition , never mind its drawbacks for the people of Cyprus .
My country , Greece , has a macabre sort of efficiency when it comes to large numbers of accidents at work and small numbers of inspections , and inefficient inspections at that .
Despite repeated questions to the Commission from me and other honourable Members , the Commission has been waiting to examine statistics from Greece for the last five years .
On the contrary , it needs to be expanded and its scope widened , given that it is way behind almost every European constitution when it comes to supporting fundamental rights .
Our fears are being confirmed .
Those who support the Charter , including the rapporteur , who feels it is in no need of correction , have totally ignored the hundreds of thousands of demonstrators who have protested at every single summit against the anti-grass roots and pro-monopoly system being set up .
I think the European Parliament should have taken a stand on these issues , but it has deliberately avoided doing so in the vague wording of this motion for a resolution which , I think , responds neither to the interests of the citizens of Europe nor to the demands of the time .
I have listened to the minister 's reply , I have heard that not one government has called for transitional measures and I merely wish to ask the minister if the Council is prepared to approve national subsidies to save thousands of small and medium-sized cotton farms in Greece , if it intends to allow Greece to pay national aid to make up what is , for them , a totally inadequate , ruinous income .
This year 's cotton is being harvested as we speak .
Mr President , I call on you to stand up for us here and I call on the Council representative to take a stand on the Greek cotton farmers ' request for an immediate overhaul of this disastrous regulation in order to protect farmers facing ruin and their product , which has the status of a national product in Greece .
This is the umpteenth time they have done so since the Kyoto agreements and on numerous other issues .
Not , Mr President-in-Office , by the courts in the United States .
How can you say that this does not undermine the Court ?
Mr President-in-Office , I understand from your reply that talks are in fact under way between the United States and the European Union .
As for your assurances about human rights , I would