Firstly , because it is in keeping with and follows on from the European Union 's initiative and proactive stance on this matter in the UN General Assembly and , secondly , because it is based on a very important principle , which is assessing the impact of fisheries even before authorisation is given to carry out this activity .
This is indeed positive action , which we should highlight and welcome , as we should the Commission 's own proposal , yet this is also a proposal that we can call generous , as we shall force ships flying the flag of our Member States to respect a set of rules that we will have to ensure , via diplomatic channels , that other third countries fishing in these areas we are talking about - the deep seabed - also follow suit .
Nevertheless , we shall keep on waiting and we do in fact hope that the European Parliament 's proposal may be taken into consideration following tomorrow 's vote . on behalf of the PSE Group . - ( PT ) Madam President , I would like to begin by congratulating our rapporteur for this excellent report and by reiterating that what we are dealing with here is the protection of the seabed , inter alia deep-water coral reefs , seamounts , hydrothermal vents and deep-water sponges , which are priceless treasures of our ecosystems .
This need is immediately apparent in terms of the definition of a vulnerable marine ecosystem , which , as a matter of fact , as the report highlights , pointing out the need to find a definition according to the best scientific information .
There is no scientific evidence and we held a hearing with specialists and we were able to have with us the head of the Department of Oceanography and Fisheries of the Azores who has conducted many good , internationally-recognised studies of the seabed , along with other people with whom I spoke , other technical experts : there is no scientific evidence that the 1 000 metre figure is reasonable .
To conclude , just one last reference to the importance of this matter : it is said that we know more about the surface of the moon than we know about the deep seabed and for that reason here in this Chamber we shall be pushing ourselves as individuals to help in discovering more about the deep seabed .
This is why we need to make more headway .
There is also an issue that I believe to be very important and that relates to small and medium-sized enterprises , and that is also addressed in the report and was tackled by the previous speaker .
And because extreme weather events are gradually getting worse , scientists warn that natural disasters are becoming increasingly frequent and intense , which means periods of repeated and more extreme drought , heavier and more destructive flooding , more frequent bouts of excessive heat and more violent and larger forest fires which are more difficult to combat .
Another advantage of this is that it means that cereals are not being used to produce biofuels . draftsman of the opinion for the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development . - ( PT ) As draftsman of the opinion for the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development , I reiterate the need to support rural areas , including mountain regions , where women play a central role .
It is important to ensure that extracts from criminal records are easy to understand and that the information contained in them is put to proper use .
The transmission of information extracted from the criminal records of citizens of one Member State to another must be conducted on the basis of ( bilateral ) cooperation established between the parties involved .
Now that the European Central Bank and the Commission have laid down the definitive procedures for the detection of false notes and coins , it has become essential for the 2001 Regulation to be amended , as the establishments involved in the distribution of cash to the public have the tools they needed to carry out these checks .
Under the Statute a review may be carried out in cases where questions referred for a preliminary ruling fall within the jurisdiction of the Court of First Instance .
Key amendments were the introduction of targets for recycling and waste prevention and the setting up of a five-stage waste hierarchy as a general rule .
However , deeming coincineration a method of recovery and therefore a lucrative industry is very dubious indeed .
Such is the case with the polluter pays principle , which may just serve to protect those who have the money to pay for pollution .
As veterinary medicinal products used for the therapeutic treatment and the welfare of animals which are destined for human consumption may give rise to residues of such products in food-producing animals , a risk assessment of the safety limit of residues of all pharmacologically active substances contained in veterinary products needs to be carried out .
For this reason , whilst giving our approval to the report , we insist on an end to the neoliberal policies of the Lisbon Strategy and the Stability Pact , and we demand alternative policies guaranteeing the social inclusion of children , women , workers and their families .
The European Commission 's proposal gives us hope of more collective , public and private , individual and Community awareness of this phenomenon and a commitment by the Union and the Member States to seek solutions whose cornerstone has to be the intrinsic and inalienable dignity of every human being .
Furthermore , instead of trying to address the reasons for this low support , it calls on the authorities of Slovakia to step up the public information campaign aimed at explaining 'the benefits of