For the time being , preliminary preparations are being made for a number of additional actions and , at the same time , my colleague and Commissioner with jurisdiction , Mrs Fischer Boel , is in close contact with the Spanish Minister of Agriculture .
The outcome of the elections is of course the result of forgery .
I support today 's motion for a resolution which , among other things , accepts that action by all the European Member States of the European Union must be united and that statements must be avoided which are of no material help and merely give rise to reactions in the area .     .
During the EU/Russia summit in The Hague in November 2004 , Presidents Putin and Barroso agreed to hold regular consultations between the European Union and Russia on human and minority rights and fundamental freedoms .
We are also engaging in a constructive exchange of information about matters relating to cooperation on human rights in international fora , especially in the UN Commission on Human Rights , the Council of Europe and the OSCE.
Mr President , I should like to start by pointing out that the Commission shares completely the concerns expressed today by Members of Parliament on the situation in Burma/Μyanmar .
That is why the Commission regrets that the terms which might allow the National League for Democracy and all the other legal representatives to participate in the national assembly are not being met .
The European Union is ready for direct , substantive and open talks with the regime during high-level Asia/Europe conferences or bilaterally on the fringes of such conferences .
The recent conference of foreign ministers of ASEAN , the Association of South-East Asian Nations , in Kyoto on 6 and 7 May was an opportunity of the first order to discuss all the European Union 's concerns openly and directly with the Burmese leadership .
As regards the chairmanship of ASEAN , the Commission continues to hope that significant progress can be made towards national reconciliation and democratisation and the release of Daw Aung San Suu Kyi in the run up to Myanmar 's taking over the chairmanship of ASEAN.
Finally , I should like to say a few words about Burma Day , which the Commission organised on 5 April and during which a debate was held on the basis of the independent experts ' report prepared by two excellently trained consultants .
All the speakers were selected on the basis of their ability to contribute to the overall debate on aid and their experience from working inside Burma/Myanmar , not their views on the sanctions .     – The next item is the debate on the report by Mrs Malmström ( Α60135/2005 ) , on behalf of the Committee on Foreign Affairs , on EURussia relations ( 2004/2170(INI) ) .     – Mr President , we need to examine how we look on Russia – from which point of view we look on Russia .
Let me read in particular condition 24 , in which the EU 'asks Russia to reaffirm its commitments to the territorial integrity of Georgia and Moldova and to withdraw its military forces from Georgia and Moldova in accordance with the request of these sovereign states ' .
Why are we asking Russia to withdraw its military forces from Georgia and Moldova – and rightly so – but not asking the same of Turkey ?
Mr Barroso made a distinction earlier between demagogy and democracy .
The experience gained from joint participation in the Quartet to resolve the Palestinian problem , which resulted in the roadmap , should be applied to other regional problems , such as Kosovo , the crisis in the Caucasus and the crisis in Central Asia .
We cannot help to build strategic relations with Russia with the syndromes of fear and the experience of a traumatic past .
The incorporation of the Charter of Fundamental Rights in the Constitutional Treaty and the future accession of the European Union to the European Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms will certainly create a legal obligation for the Union to promote the protection of human rights in all policy sectors .
Creating a culture of respect for fundamental rights should be the Agency 's priority and should be implemented , among other things , by developing a communication strategy .
That is why I believe that a more attentive reading of the specific point of the creation of the Agency would be constructive .
Now that it intervenes legislatively in these – and in all – sectors , the effect of future decisions by the Union on the fundamental rights of its citizens needs to be evaluated if the legislator is to be able to do his job properly .
Finally , it goes without saying that the credentials and structure of this agency must be predefined by the legislator , with the European Parliament therefore as colegislator .
This is the reason why the Commission 's future proposal also needs to adhere to the codecision procedure .     – Mr President , Commissioner , I wish to thank my honourable friend , Mrs Gál , for her report and to say that we are delighted to see that the question of promoting and protecting human rights is increasingly the subject of consultation between the Union 's institutions .
The proposal to transfer the Centre on Racism and Xenophobia to this Agency may weaken its present remit .
These two programmes form the nucleus of our action in the field of the European strategy for gender equality and for the strategy of the civil society organisations working in the field of gender equality .
It was adopted in 2004 and supports the operation and activities of women 's organisations with a budget of EUR 3.3 million , compared