Let me also tell you that the Austrian Presidency of the Council did indeed initiate a new discussion of principle , at the informal Salzburg Council , where we considered how we could involve states that do not at present have any prospect of accession in a special partnership system , for instance a partnership for Europe , similar to the NATO partnership for peace .
If accession talks are held with Slovenia , will the question of nuclear safety and final storage also be raised in those negotiations ?
Firstly , according to its members , any long-term solution to the East Timor issue must respect the wishes of the East Timorese people .
Last week this matter was discussed in the Asia-Oceania working party .
There are , however , a number of comments I should like to make on certain basic points .
If we have not resolved the interpretation question by then , we should not be surprised at the huge extent of VAT and excise duty fraud in Europe .
This is rather unusual , I know , but it is a practical point .
Our concern is with preserving transparency and the rules of democracy , particularly because Parliament deals with common legislation .
As far as raising venture capital is concerned , it is certainly true that this is difficult in Europe .
Programmes to link up agriculture , tourism and commerce are needed to stop people and companies from leaving rural areas with difficult conditions , such as Alpine areas .
It is nevertheless a small step that must be followed by others .
The measures for areas such as crisis prevention , human rights , democratisation and basic education must be implemented as soon as possible in the cooperation countries .
The latter is certainly always better for families .
The Employment Summit has started the ball rolling , but the proposals in the national employment plans for ensuring equal treatment for men and women are completely inadequate .
Part-time work is sensible if it allows the demands of work and family life to be better reconciled , including through homeworking and teleworking .
That is why promoting the enterprise culture , or easier access for women to financing and loans , are top priorities for the PPE Group .
Mr President , this report from Mrs Marinucci touches on the sore points that women still have .
All those who tabled amendments - the Group of the European Radical Alliance , the Group of the Party of European Socialists and the Green Group in the European Parliament - must have the opportunity to have their say ; we have to be fair , after all .
Global reduction targets cannot be met in this way , not even the ridiculous Kyoto targets and certainly not the reductions of at least 60 % in greenhouse gases which experts consider necessary by the middle of the next century at the latest .
Of course , it is a positive development that the Africans have begun to recognise that they have to find joint solutions for their major regional problems .
However , the situation in reality does not make this easy .
I think that , in practice , we must attach even greater importance to preventive methods of conflict avoidance than we have up to now .
The assassination , like any assassination , is to be condemned completely .
However , we must also acknowledge that these opposition parties are all of the view that , where the law is concerned , there is a considerable state of confusion , not only in the opposition but also in the government , and that the most unfortunate methods are being used by all concerned , which undoubtedly aggravates the situation .
Until now , we have always supported the Council and the Commission , of course , when they have made a statement against extra-territorial actions .
Contempt for human beings , in particular contempt for the rights of women and for political rights , is bad enough , but terrorism and massacres for ethnic reasons and murder are even worse .
The death penalty has not been applied in the Philippines since 1976 .
This does not yet mean that they are prepared to take joint parliamentary responsibility , but a considerable force in the country has nevertheless given up its boycott , which may contribute greatly to bringing peace to this country .
It is not acceptable for countries to distance themselves from these human rights and to continue to practise their traditional antipathy , moralising arrogance and hubris on innocent people and violate people 's privacy in order to indulge their own feelings of resentment .
Mr President , if it were not so sad , it would be laughable .
The question is whether firms should be forced by a specific individual right to take the relevant organisational measures .
For this reason , any models which differ from this , such as cooperatives , associations and relief organizations , should be used to counteract these problems .
There are still large gaps in this area in the European Union .
However , the current report also shows , Mrs García Arias , that single mothers are often unemployed , poorly educated or perhaps are not even entitled to maternity allowance because they may not have worked .
In our opinion , its powers should not only extend to supervising national monitoring and to guaranteeing transparency and fairness , but should also require Member States to impose penalties for similar infringements .
In the meantime , we must use other methods .
As is usual with such agreements , therefore , an interim agreement will be used to bring into force those sections of the agreement which do not require ratification , such as the democracy clause , the provisions relating to trade