approach is the right one , and we should work to implement that approach so as to assist the Colombian people .     Mr President , Álvaro Uribe was elected two and a half years ago .
It is the terrorists who take hostages and demand money who are contravening human rights and international humanitarian laws : not those who refuse to give in to the hostage-takers ’ blackmail .
Nevertheless , the Uribe Government is still advocating an essentially military approach , whilst at the same time refusing to recognise the existence of an armed conflict with political roots .
I question whether this is the best way to fight for social justice .
Whilst they refuse to disarm , negotiations are not an option , and also whilst their ‘cleared area ’ is not recognised : an area in which they continue to commit crimes .
I said that the FARC guerrillas were holding a lot of hostages and I am in a good position to know this , because when President Pastrana sat down to negotiate , I met Mr Marulanda together with other MEPs to appeal for the release of certain European Union hostages .
When this law is implemented , the Spanish legal system will fall victim to great instability , inoperability and manipulation , by creating situations of deadlock in the General Council of the Judiciary which will prevent it from moving forward in its decision-making .
It has genuinely given rise to decisive support for beginning negotiations .
But time and the citizens of the European Union will provide the answer to that question in good time .     Mr President , today’s report on Turkey is of crucial importance , since the decision taken by the European Council on 17 December has an historic significance which goes further than the political aspects indicated in Mr Eurlings ’s report .
The impetus we are calling for from the Union is enshrined in the European Constitution and it is very encouraging that here , and in other areas , the philosophy and the budgets of the Constitution are being applied even before it is ratified .
Combating AIDS and other diseases linked to poverty and underdevelopment , such as malaria and tuberculosis , must also be our priorities , as well as the promotion of women in the countries with which we cooperate with a view to ensuring their development and dialogue between civilisations , implemented by the President of the Spanish Government .
It would be ridiculous to present this agreement as a victory for one institution over another , because I believe that Europe is made up of the three institutions .
I would like to thank all of you for your support .
The rigour and austerity we all apply – the three institutions – is one thing , but the indiscriminate saving of payment appropriations , which could jeopardise budgetary execution in 2005 , is quite another .
It has been a pleasure to work with all of you on the drawing up of this 2005 draft budget , which I hope can be voted for on Thursday without too many problems .     .
I would like to take this opportunity to wish the Commissioner luck in her duties and ask her to facilitate our work by not taking on commitments which have no budgetary support , because I believe that , by taking that approach , we will be able to cooperate more effectively in relation to the objective that inspires us all .     Mr President , as draftsman of the opinion for the report of the Committee on Agriculture , I regret the arbitrary cuts decided on by the Council of Ministers in spending on common agricultural policy subsidies for 2005 .
At first reading the European Parliament re-established the European Commission 's preliminary draft budget , an initiative which has been completely ignored by the Council of Ministers , the only body with decision-making powers with regard to obligatory spending .
Parliament wishes to reach an agreement within the time limit laid down in the timetable , but it wants a good agreement , and in order to achieve one , certain issues must be clarified straightaway .
As you know , Parliament has already expressed its preference with regard to the duration of these financial perspectives .
All of this must be included in the budget , because what is not in the budget does not exist , as Finance Ministers say .
And I am sure that the Commission ’s proposals will be based on the principle of balance .
Do you believe that we could seek to produce a new formulation , a new text , which is able to bring together the public service criteria in a clearer manner ?     .
Secondly , we ask that assistance for refugees be based on the principle of solidarity and a fair distribution of responsibility .
Mr Barroso said a moment ago that the Commission ’s proposal is a starting point for negotiations of the financial perspectives .
Fourthly , we are in the middle of the process of ratifying the European Constitution and the citizens sometimes show even more enthusiasm than their representatives .
It is also pleased that in Spring 2004 a new funding framework was established for Bulgaria and that the Commission has adopted a consistent approach by restricting the aid package to a period of three years from the accession of Bulgaria in 2007 so that we can adapt it to any future reforms of policies which may be necessary as a result of the new financial perspectives .
It is also necessary to reformulate industrial and business policy and improve the administrative capacity to facilitate the work of small and medium-sized businesses , which are the true creators of jobs and an extraordinary source of technological innovation .
