That is a huge potential market .
I think - as do you for that matter , and I know that you are firmly convinced of this - that it is time to bring together the parliaments of these countries , and thus to bring together their peoples .
In this context , it is true that budget support - that is , financial aid directly included in the budget of beneficiary countries - could usefully contribute to providing more predictable aid that is targeted at priority sectors and is therefore more effective .
The report 's conclusions are worrying .
We therefore need to study its economic and legal repercussions in detail .
More specifically , we have exchanged tariff proposals , we have had good discussions on several key service sectors and we have made progress in discussions on texts in almost all areas of the agreement .
In addition , analysis of the structural factors leads us to fear a further escalation of prices of agricultural raw materials in the medium and long term .
It is essential for food producers and retailers in the agro-food sector to be able to continue to rely on a sustainable , competitive agricultural production platform within the European Union .
The importance of the arts and artistic education in building a better society goes hand in hand with its impact on economic life .
I do not fully understand your desire to see NGOs participate in the election campaign .
I am in complete agreement about the importance of the process for consulting the citizens and about the need to extend the dialogue to all levels of society .
The European Commission has very clearly denounced , both within the Union and in third countries , the unacceptable nature of traditional practices that seriously undermine the fundamental right of women and young girls to respect for their physical and mental integrity .
I believe that there can be no two-speed justice ; there can be no concept of two speeds .
Each year in Europe , 180 000 migrant women suffer or are at risk from suffering genital mutilation .
The own-initiative report presented to us today , which has my complete support , enshrines the idea that artistic and cultural education , including education in the visual image , is a fundamental element of the education system .
Your Europe is a technocracy governed by a handful of uncontrolled and uncontrollable oligarchies : the 27 Commissioners and the few members of the Executive Board of the European Central Bank .
We hope that these comprehensive recommendations will help and inspire stakeholders in regional policy . on behalf of the PPE-DE Group . - ( FR ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I should like to welcome the British Prime Minister , Gordon Brown , who will host a G20 summit in a few days ' time at which Europe is awaited as rarely before .
Prime Minister , European integration has always been a question of solidarity between the citizens of its countries and , in the difficult period we are currently experiencing , the duty of Europe , more than ever , is to prove this once again through its deeds .
The European Union has followed others in succumbing to this temptation .
That is why those who pompously announced the G20 as a new Bretton Woods at which capitalism would be recast or even moralised have deceived our fellow citizens .
In fact , we are making a very special effort in this area , and I can already tell you that the objective that we were set of releasing EUR 15 billion of these loans during the years 2008 and 2009 will be exceeded .
Mr Bullmann pointed out that things were perhaps not that simple .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , for the foreseeable future humanity will not be able to manage without cars or lorries .
That is akin to aggravated theft or at the very least to expropriation without compensation .
While the first regulation emphasises the performance and the modernisation of the European aeronautical system , the second highlights the demands for safety and ensures that this important development in the management of air traffic in Europe will not take place to the detriment of the safety of aeroplanes and their passengers .
The latter will certainly benefit the European public and will enable us to improve our relations with third countries .
The debate that we held yesterday with the UK Prime Minister , Gordon Brown , clearly demonstrated this .
It has put the brakes on investment in renewable energy .
The same spirit should inspire us as we prepare for the Employment Summit .
I would like to tell you , as Prime Minister Topolánek did , that just before the European Council we had a very important discussion with the social partners , together with the Prime Minister of Sweden , Mr Reinfeldt , and the Prime Minister of Spain , Mr Zapatero .
I repeat : in the crisis situation that we are experiencing , as with all the global issues - energy , climate change , foreign affairs , security and defence - national solutions are no longer suitable .
Barack Obama seems to have decided to accept the helping hand we were offering him by deciding to implement an emissions quota exchange system in the United States .
What you are proposing to them are agreements that conform to the sacrosanct rules of the World Trade Organization , the aim of which is to make them part of ultraliberal globalisation .
It is important for us not to be naïve , either , or obviously to demand that Turkmenistan become a model of democracy and human rights before reaching any agreement with it in advance .
Mr President , I extend a very affectionate welcome to your parents