world nowadays , thanks to the globalisation demanded by big business looking for ways to make a fast buck .
Finally , and this is not unrelated to what I have just said , there is the feed factor - with no controls whatsoever on feedingstuffs - which appears to have helped foot and mouth disease to spread .
The only long-term solution which will not jeopardise the agricultural economy of the Member States or wipe out entire livestock holdings is to abolish capitalist profit from production and introduce adequate border and other controls , contrary to the demands of the multinationals which have managed to get them lifted .
Evaluation reports were delayed and there were so many irregularities that the Court of Auditors found it hard to come to a judgment as to whether or not the programmes ' objectives had been realised , while the mid-term report on the Youth programme was produced by a company owned by a former director of the TAO.
There also appears to be some doubt as to the efficacy of the programmes themselves .
We would remind the House that the Schengen Information System started up in 1995 , well before 11 September 2001 .
Bearing both these in mind , the Member States have introduced specific policies in which raising the age limit on the labour market appears to be the basic option - in fact most countries now consider it prerequisite - alongside policies to help older people stay in the labour market .
May I remind you that we adopted an anti-discrimination directive two years ago , which all the Member States must adopt by July 2003 , banning discrimination on the basis of age .
So this will be the European framework from July 2003 onwards .
Of course there are European dimensions to these national policies and a country cannot exercise a pension reform policy without taking account of the stability pact , the laws of the internal market or the employment strategy .
As I pointed out in my introduction , the problem is not just one of raising the retirement age ; we also need flanking policies to help older people stay in or , in many cases , enter the labour market , which is why I referred to both the stability pact and the employment strategies .
This therefore is our approach .
The Member States must therefore say what they have done under each of these lines of approach in the reports they submit .
At present , all the Member States have a lower limit of 65 .
There has been a parallel achievement in southern Europe .
Today 's Europe , with the admission of Cyprus and the call for the island 's two nations to be reunited , will remedy the tragic consequences of the colonial adventure in - or rather the retrogressive order which governed - this European country .
This is the real response and the real brilliance of Europe in the hearts of its people , when Europe sticks to its principles , and we must rely on this brilliance to move forward and build the future .
Provision has been made for a referendum to ask the people if they accept the plan and if they accept integration .
Mr President , surely the first thing we have to bear in mind when discussing safety at sea and the introduction of any new legislation is the application of existing legislation .
And that means giving the European Commission the necessary credentials , so that it can reach agreements right from the start with candidate countries and with our neighbours so that we can coordinate our action .
But may I remind you that a fairly new double-hulled ship , the Ievoli Sun , which was about 10 years old , sank off the coast of France recently , about two years ago in fact , which just goes to show that double hulls are not necessarily the only answer .
However , nor is focusing on flags of convenience the only answer , because problems are frequently caused by ships not sailing under flags of convenience .
Port controls are vitally important .
It means more than repressive measures , repatriation and readmission .
The fact that communist parties , support for communist ideas and the use of communist symbols are banned and senior communist party members and veterans of the anti-fascist movement have been gaoled in countries which supposedly meet democratic criteria is quite in keeping with the pseudo-democratic sensibilities of the leaders of the ?U.
It is still a descriptive annual report .
Turning now to individual issues , the European Commission is clearly finding it hard to apply equal opportunities and is failing to do so adequately .
The same applies to the Member States , which are having trouble understanding gender equality and implementing it in practice .
During the forthcoming year , 2003 , the European institutions and Member States will need to act boldly and decisively .
Nor does the Council have a competent agency to help improve the coordination of equality-related issues .
We need to ask ourselves why they make these comments .
What we want from the European Commission , Commissioner , are good ideas and efficient ways of applying them .
Where the European Commission cannot force the Member States , it should encourage them to realise that equality brings benefits , not losses and difficulties .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I should like to start by offering my warmest congratulations to my honourable friend Mrs Kratsa on her first-rate report , which really does give us an excellent overview of past achievements and future developments .
Unfortunately , even in areas in which there is Community legislation , we often find infringements and violations , as with legislation on an equal day 's pay for an equal day 's work