and training , in the past this budget line has been allocated for information , communication and training .
But the Commission is now proposing that training should no longer be included .
I feel that training should be included where it provides relevant information at European level about the CAP.
Such European training is one element in ensuring that young farmers have the necessary knowledge of the CAP to make sound business decisions for the future .
Therefore I am putting forward three amendments .
I would urge Parliament to support them .
Madam President , to follow on from the point that Mr Lannoye made : Mrs Lucas was arrested just outside Glasgow for protesting against the Trident base at Faslane .
I have a lot of sympathy with that protest .
I have , however , no sympathy for Mrs Lucas trying to hide behind her Parliamentary immunity .
I have also been arrested for protesting at Faslane .
I did not hide behind any immunity .
I took the punishment that came to me .
Mrs Lucas should do the same .
Madam President , under Rule 29( 4 ) you should be kept informed by political groups of any Members who have joined a new political group or who have left a political group .
Have you received any notification of any Members leaving the Group of the European People 's Party or does the Austrian People 's Party continue to sit in that political group ?
Madam President , reforming and democratising the institutions of the European Union are central to the historic and moral challenge of the enlargement process .
This was the opening statement of Commission President , Prodi , when he presented the strategic objectives of the European Commission for the next five years .
We await the White Paper on the governance of the European Union dealing with the issue of balance between Member States ' governments and the European Union institutions which is to be published this summer .
On this specific point I think it is important that we address the reform of the internal decision-making procedures of the Commission .
The Commission , in its proposals to the forthcoming intergovernmental conference , has indicated that its preference lies in seeing smaller Member States lose their automatic right to nominate a member of the European Commission .
This is a scenario whereby the European Union has a membership of over 25 Member States .
I do not want to see a two-tier European Union built .
I believe this would fly in the face of the spirit and objective of the Treaty of Rome and all subsequent treaties .
There must be equality in terms of national representation within the Commission and within all the other European institutions .
I would like to remind those who seek to eliminate the right of small Member States to nominate a European Commissioner that the United States of America gives smaller states the same recognition as larger states in the United States Senate .
More or less each of the 50 states in the US has two elected positions in the United States Senate , regardless of its population .
Any future reforms of the European Union treaties will require a referendum to be held in my country .
It would be very difficult for those who propose a 'yes ' vote in any such future treaty to win the support of the Irish people if we lose our right to have our nominee to the European Commission .
Undoubtedly , reform of the European Council is also going to be included in this White Paper on the governance of the European Union which will be published this summer .
Once again there are special areas of policy-making which should be left to the domain of the national Member States .
I do not believe that there is broad support in Europe for the introduction of qualified majority voting on taxation , justice and home affairs , and foreign affairs at European Union level .
At present , under Article 99 of the Treaty of Rome , decisions taken at EU level concerning tax changes must be by unanimity .
I believe that this proposal should remain , as a common European taxation code would diminish rather than enhance the workings of the European Union .
I support the enlargement of the European Union .
I support institutional changes so as to ensure that enlargement of the Union takes place in a streamlined and structured manner .
However , we must remember that the public opinion of 370 million people in the European Union is a vital factor in changing the EU treaties .
Changes should not be brought about too quickly and cannot be too sweeping , otherwise public opinion will make ratification of any future European Union treaty very difficult indeed .
Madam President , this morning the Commission President , Mr Prodi , has set out ambitious goals for the European Union for the next five years , laudable aims indeed , to make a strong and effective European presence felt in the world : succeeding with enlargement , meeting the challenge of selling e-Europe , introducing better principles of governance .
We accept that Europeans , particularly the younger generation , need to be given a broad perspective of where Europe will be in the years ahead .
But how are we to succeed when the resources available are limited and the credibility of our institutions is not very high ?
We need to match this vision with reality .
Here there are three elements I would like to contribute .
Firstly , we need a successful European economy .
We must ensure that unemployment rates continue to go down across Europe , confirm the trend in privatisation and deregulation , encourage the insertion of information technology and knowledge of the Internet , show that e-Europe is a good initiative .
