The moment when the regulation was adopted represented a great step forward , as was also confirmed by the Special Rapporteur of the United Nations on torture .
Man can be very cruel and sometimes it seems that the human imagination for ways of inflicting suffering on others is unlimited .
As you know , the three directives were adopted in 2001 and it was ordered that they should be transposed into national law by 15 March 2003 .
Lastly , it is now unthinkable for entities that operate under a system of absolute monopoly within their own national borders to exploit this competitive edge to the detriment of their competitors in countries that have opened up their internal markets .
This comes about because the people are made to feel the tangible benefits of introducing European elements and hence Community law , above all , into all State laws so that our citizens can live better lives .
Despite this , they hold a valuable store of knowledge and should be stimulated to pit their knowledge against the new problems of European law and European culture .
This is therefore not only an important charter for European justice ; it is an important charter for the development of European unity as a whole .
Madam President , Commissioner , Members of the Council , ladies and gentlemen , on 4 May we in committee unanimously voted in favour of the report on European aquaculture , which is essentially aimed at promoting the sustainable development of the sector .
Admittedly , many measures are needed in the short term in order to deal with and resolve all of the problems that currently plague this sector , and they are not easy to implement .
Indeed , I believe that it is now crucial that we introduce product certification and supervision of the sector to enable these products to be identified , and adapt the labelling systems accordingly .
In 2001 Parliament discussed this same subject and published a communication , but there has been no follow-up .
Therefore we need to make an effort along these lines .
It does not mean taking away a function from the authority supervising consumer protection .
In this sense we are right to be addressing the bluefin tuna situation .
These included imposing trade measures on countries whose vessels fished for endangered species in breach of ICCAT regulations .
This is why I believe that the European Union 's support and assistance is crucial for reviving negotiations between Israel and the Palestinian Authority , not only to put an end to the blockade , but above all to launch a peace process that must result in the creation of two secure , free states .
I therefore urge the Spanish Presidency and the Commission to act on Parliament 's suggestions .
In the recent crisis , not all banks had to resort to state intervention .
Indeed , almost all business in the sector are of small or medium size .
For our part , we have sought compromise on all the most sensitive issues , aware of the potentially devastating effects on the companies which operate in the sector , as it would not be fair to impose further , excessively burdensome obligations upon them .
This is something which we absolutely need .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I thank the rapporteur , Mr Sterckx , who has done excellent work on this report which deals with how to increase free movement in the maritime sector , for shipping within the European Union .
In fact , sending information by e-mail does no good and is of no use if the information systems are not technically interoperable .
With regards to language , I believe that the use of a common language would certainly benefit European maritime transport .
Sustainability is an environmental , economic , social and generational concept : I believe that this text has the merit of bearing all these aspects in mind , setting out a series of priorities which should be enacted in order to develop the transport sector , for the improvement and the widespread use of intelligent transport systems , leading to the best possible connection between the transport means , the infrastructure and the driver .
The TEN-T projects are a priority for transport policy , but the problem of missing infrastructure must be removed , as well as the geographical and historical obstacles of cross-border routes .
The weakest categories of people - women , the young , old people , people with a poor level of education , and those from less developed areas - have been subjected to working conditions which are more precarious than flexible .
It applies to all international exhibitions which last for between three weeks and three months , and which are not of an essentially commercial nature .
The ICZM Protocol sets further objectives including the sustainable use of natural resources and the preservation of coastal ecosystems .
The vote on this report calls Parliament to express its opinion on the implementation of the work of Frontex .
It is a matter of applying its founding legislation , which sets out the participation in its activities of all third countries which are associated with the implementation , application and development of the Schengen acquis , all of which has the aim of developing its tasks of assisting in the training of national border guards and risk analysis .
I therefore hope that the Member States will do everything within their power to complete the necessary ratification procedures as quickly as possible in order to associate the Swiss Confederation and the Principality of Liechtenstein with Frontex .
I agree with Mr Olejniczak that the strategy for the Baltic Sea region must act as a gateway , a pilot project , for future macro-regional strategies .
The European Union has always paid scant attention to the world of SMEs , committing itself more to