What exactly was the impact of this ?
If that subsequently does not appear to be the case , can the Commission not penalise that country for having taken us for a ride ?
It states that the increase in outstanding commitments has never been as high .
We have always had a good working relationship and I wanted to say that here .
Once again , I note that the Council is not present , and in my view , it is a disgrace that , year upon year , one of the two branches of the budgetary authority fails to assess and properly monitor the discharge procedure .
Those assumptions have changed dramatically .
Thirdly , the whole to-do about European regulations , including with regard to the payment of slaughter premiums , should never again stand in the way of this policy ’s implementation .     .
Allow me , based on the positive remarks , to mention a number of areas in which a great deal is yet to be done .
Religious minorities have problems related to property rights , to training for their priests , monks and clergy , but also , quite simply , to do with the recognition that they share in this Turkish identity .
That is why , I think , it is important to state in this report that if Turkey really wishes to grow much further , we would advise it to draft a new Constitution .
First of all , as the Commission has also mentioned , there is a real need for amendment of a number of laws and the adoption of some new ones .
The report leaves no doubt in that respect .
Let me start with the position of those who are simply opposed to Turkish membership .
I urge you to vote down all attempts to do away with this clarity .
If you value those human rights , if you really think that torture should be forced back further , if you think that the Kurds should acquire rights not only on paper but also in practice , then I urge you to vote in favour of opening negotiations .
It is precisely that praiseworthy attitude that our rapporteur , Mr Eurlings , exemplifies .
Words fail me , in fact , for the frankly small-minded attitude of the Turkish authorities towards various minuscule Christian minorities on their territory .
In fact , we as a group have recently paid a visit to Turkey to find out for ourselves about the discussions that are going on there , and it has borne out our position .
In our view , it should , in principle , be possible for Turkey to become a Member State of the European Union , which is , of course , the first question you must answer .
In the past , our group has emphasised four aspects .
When we were dissatisfied with the political situation in that country , the negotiations were suspended for a number of years .
We therefore demand a referendum in which the European citizens can speak out in favour , or rather against , this potential Turkish accession .     Mr President , I am grateful to the rapporteur , Mr Eurlings , for his efforts .
This is bound to weaken the Union sooner or later .
I am also pleased that , together with German Chancellor Schröder , Prime Minister Balkenende confirmed today that negotiations with Turkey will be about full membership and about nothing else .
The Members of this House have expressed a huge range of opinions .
It is those concerns , among others , that form the underlying consideration for our hope to be able to reach an agreement on Friday about a new negotiating framework on the basis of the proposals tabled by the Commission for a new way of negotiating which will offer better guarantees for the negotiating process running smoothly .
I should also like to mention a concern which I do not share and which , fortunately , has been mentioned by few , namely religion .
Since I share this view , the presidency will try to include the EU’s absorption capacity in the conclusions .
I should like to conclude with a general observation .
Mrs Ferrero-Waldner and Mr Mandelson are faced with the difficult task of continuing the policy of Mr Patten and Mr Lamy while maintaining the good rapport with Mr Solana as before .
Last , but not least , we expect the Commission to promote multilateralism in order to contribute to a more balanced , and thus , safer world .     Mr President , the European Parliament is today debating the Commission ’s strategic and political goals , and the memory of the recent confrontation between these European institutions is still fresh .
In a real democracy , they too should be taken entirely seriously .     Mr President , if we talk about the EU’s strategic and political guidelines , we will inevitably end up talking about Turkey .
The Turkey issue is a perfect illustration of this .
I have no doubt that we will have many meetings discussing the EU’s external policy and security policy in the coming years .
Furthermore , I think it is important to enter into a debate with the United States about the UN’s future .
I should like to end with a remark in connection with the new neighbours .
Together with Mr Kok , we would urge you to be more focused and to coordinate the Lisbon process more effectively , as regards both the internal objectives and others , including the guidelines for employment , the global economic guidelines and the macro-economic dialogue .
We all know that without any growth , there are no jobs , and without any jobs , there is no basis for social security , which we are all very keen to see