All this is described in an accurate and informative way in Mrs Ryynänen 's report , and I welcome the fact that we are anticipating these developments .
If these issues were dealt with by the Council of Europe , there would be an even broader basis for cooperation because of the number of countries involved .
Libraries also have to move with the times .
Mr President , it cannot have been approved unanimously .
The people concerned were not able to carry out the project because they had no money to pay for it .
This year the situation is even more serious than in previous years , because after the Court of Justice ruling , the decision was taken not to make any further payments at all .
The organisations concerned know about them as soon as the second reading is over , they submit their applications by the end of the year and expect to be able to start work very quickly .
So I am grateful to Mrs Green - give us the texts and we will postpone the debate .
Mrs Bjerregaard says it will be difficult to develop these , but we shall see what the Commission 's programme for 1999 has to say on the subject .
There will be a document coming out of that , and we would very much appreciate being given this Council document and a chance to express our views on it .
Thus the report quite rightly argues in favour of a new text which precludes any difficulties of interpretation and is binding in nature .
Mr President , the Commission report points to the need for a decision to amend the directives in question .
Now that the action of certain substances in homeopathic medicinal products has been scientifically demonstrated , the charge that the effects of homeopathic medicines are all in the mind has lost much of its validity .
I compliment Mr Chanterie on his report .
The proposed changes also remove the lack of clarity about when a product has undergone first processing or transformation .
Finally , I should like to explore one of the changes in greater detail using an illustration .
That means of course that unexpected problems may arise .
Naturally there are a few problems .
Not because we as the European Parliament must curtail our own powers , but because the institutional balance between the European institutions has to be preserved .
We have to know our limitations in life .
Our firms will become a little less competitive in world markets as a result , and this again may cost jobs .
If we back the rapporteur 's proposals , we shall be opting for a combination of both tough product legislation and tough rules on liability .
Whilst no one has to be proved to be at fault , the fact of risk still remains .
But between 1985 and the present day , we also had the crisis over BSE.
And lastly , I must pay tribute to Commissioner Oreja and his officials for their creative effort in preparing this proposal for a decision .
I hope the Commissioner will reassure us presently that he will back us in impressing upon the Council shortly that we want to see a good outcome to the conciliation process , not the frustration of having to change our policy and end up choosing between half a loaf and no bread .
Excellent projects are often developed under these programmes to promote that kind of thing .
I would urge the Commissioner to give some further attention to that .
For today 's young people , that is not necessarily the case .
The European Commission has a duty to allow the subsidiarity principle to operate freely in practice .
Mr President , we all - I believe - agree on the need to combat crime effectively .
The second report just beats about the bush .
Then too there were claims that this new technology would sow confusion among the more vulnerable souls and undermine established values and practices .
I am grateful to Mrs Fontaine for her spontaneous protest at this , and to Mr Rothley for putting down an amendment aimed at ending this anomalous state of affairs in the Netherlands .
One of the good traditions we have in the Netherlands is that these elections are held during the week , and it is a mistake that the Netherlands is not down as voting on 10 June .
The various cases he mentions - durum wheat , New Zealand butter , environment policy - all relate to lack of action in that area .
I would like the President to elaborate on this specific point because it will be relevant for the whole of next year when we discuss this specific declaration of assurance .
But I do have a problem with the proposals put forward by the European Commission .
I do not think they keep the process in a sharp enough focus .
How can we get more attention paid to prevention ?
What are we doing about economic coordination ?
In my country - as I said just now - we seem to have been successful .
May I remind you that the PPE coordinator volunteered the information during the part-session that I had done an excellent job by incorporating their proposals into my report , that there was still just one difference of opinion remaining which concerned investment policy , but that otherwise he was very happy .
But above all , and I would stress this , the Commission has no role other than that of information exchange .
We cannot live with an employment rate of 60.5 % , for example .
Stimulating employment must thus be recognised as a prime objective in the Member States , the Union and in international organisations as well .
We echo Mr van Velzen in