countries .
There is a disproportionate focus upon maintaining the scales applicable between one country and another and between the two prioritised policy areas , and there is too little importance attached to whether the money is in fact being allocated properly .
- ( DA ) After 25 years of the Equal Pay Directive , there are still differences between women ' s and men ' s pay .
It is estimated that 15 per cent of this difference in pay is due to gender and not to other factors such as seniority , management responsibility and such like .
An extra effort must therefore be made to ensure that it is the job and the responsibilities , and not the individual ' s gender , which decide how much he or she is paid .
We wish to emphasise that , if unfair differences in pay are to be successfully stamped out , greater openness and transparency must be ensured in the way in which pay is determined .
Unfortunately , we were unable to get anywhere with that point of view last week in the Conference of Presidents , and that is something we regret .
I requested the floor in order simply to emphasise that those of us in the ELDR Group think we should have focused our energies on the one urgent subject which we are all thinking about and which will cast its shadow for many years to come .
Mr President , I agree with the many speakers who have criticised the lack of democracy in the continued administration of the funds .
As has been pointed out , the treaty expires on 23 July of next year .
It launched the concept of the ' Common Market ' and , with the introduction of the High Authority , a common assembly , a special Council of Ministers and a court , those institutions were established which now operate as the Commission , the European Parliament the Council and the Court of Justice .
Where the political objectives are concerned , it has of course to be said that these have been fulfilled in many areas .
I think there is cause here today for expressing appreciation for the work done in those institutions , bodies and companies which , for 50 years , have been responsible for the ECSC' s activities and , specifically , for the contributions from the Commission and the advisory committee .
This is , of course , scandalous , as the Danish right wing also acknowledges , but ought not the right wing to be content with the fact that the Danish NATO government has obtained military and political benefits from giving shelter to a war criminal ?
Naturally , he has been debriefed by the CIA .
That goes without saying .
Very discreetly , of course , just as more and more crucial aspects of political life take place in ever more hermetically sealed rooms .
The report endorses and further develops the finest legal principles we know .
This is appealing and necessary .
The common asylum and immigration policy is being used first and foremost as an engine for homogenising countries ' extremely different legal traditions by creating an area of freedom , security and justice that is the crucial link in the European superstate .
I also want to say that I think there are an incredibly large number of good things in the Commission ' s proposals in this area .
I think there are quite a lot of good things in Mr Evans ' s report .
I intend to support it and shall call for a vote in favour of it .
I think , however , that there are still a lot of problems with Mr Pirker ' s report .
It is also , of course , reasonable to hope that it will be further improved in the course of today when we vote on it .
Who is it we are cooperating with when we wish to strengthen democracy and combat totalitarian regimes , and what is it we are cooperating about ?
We still do not know , of course , how the United States will react .
With regard , however , to the issue of whom we are to cooperate with , I would urge us to focus upon the very special circumstance that what we have here is a population exposed to violent oppression and that we must be alert to the fact that half of this population is doubly oppressed .
I should like to emphasise that there are in actual fact women ' s organisations which are still attempting , in Afghanistan too , to fight for women ' s rights .
One of these organisations , RAWA , is trying to create the opportunity for both boys and girls to go to school , and we know of course that illiteracy is very high in Afghanistan - 96 % in the case of women and 72 % in the case of men - so that this is in itself a useful thing to fight for .
They are also attempting to put some documentation together and to do some fact-finding in Afghanistan so that those of us outside the situation have a chance of actually knowing what is going on .
The judgment is also very clear when it comes to the duties of Parliament .
This is , to speak plainly , a broad hint to us to examine our Rules of Procedure to see whether they are discriminatory .
They must naturally have the same political rights as the political groups , apart from a number of rights quite specific to the latter .
I would therefore call upon you to request the legal services to go through the judgment carefully and see how we are to improve the Rules of Procedure in order to ensure complete equality