I am therefore voting "no " to this paragraph .
Certain parts of paragraph 21 are too far-reaching , especially 21( b ) and 21(d ) .
The Iranian people could at last begin to hope for a new future and for a time when the period of killing and violence would be behind them .
I nonetheless hope that the President can draw strength from the massive support he obtained from the voters in the election and that he will act to ensure that the revolutionary court repeals the death sentences so that Iran might continue along the road to reforms and the development of a civil society .
Nowadays , we seem to believe that natural cycles of this kind imply re-use and that animals we shall be eating ourselves should be fed with dead animals of their own species .
That is our best form of inspection .
It must cover agriculture , the methods we use for rearing animals , the feedingstuffs and medicines which animals are given and , of course , how the raw materials are handled subsequently .
All right , so we know this , but will any progress within this area be described in your reports ?
Have you anything against your letter to Prime Minister Lipponen about the Tampere Summit being published ?
Thank you for that answer to my question .
Other countries , including the EU , are being regarded as enemies which have destroyed their lives and institutions and which are now even subjecting them to sanctions .
Thank you for that answer , Commissioner .
As far as I am concerned , it is transparently clear that there should be free access on the Internet to the whole of the OJEC .
Most people in employment have Internet access , and there are lots of Internet courses for pensioners .
Thank you , Commissioner .
Sports stars are often role models for young people .
It is Israelis and Palestinians who are the main players .
With commitment and disquiet , indefatigable diplomatic energy and enormous financial commitments , the surrounding countries have followed the Middle East drama for more than half a century .
And , not least , it will open the way to peaceful co-existence between Israel and the independent State of Palestine .
The road between Gaza and the West Bank is an example of this .
There is , however , a very great deal which remains to be done .
An important part of these areas is , of course , Jerusalem .
It is an international interest , not least for the three big world religions .
It is absolutely crucial that this principle should be maintained .
Otherwise , there is unlikely to be any final resolution of this problem .
Paragraph 9 - which deals with Turkey and the Kurdish question - is , in my view , far too weakly formulated .
Turkey may not be regarded as a sound candidate for accession to the EU for as long as basic human and humanitarian rights are not respected .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , when the UN' s climate convention was adopted in Rio de Janeiro in 1992 , the European Union showed itself to be a strong world leader .
I also welcome the resolution which has been presented here today .
What is more , the highest increases in emissions during the next two decades will take place in the developing countries .
If we continue as we are today , we shall not be able to honour our Kyoto commitment to reduce emissions by 8 % over the period 2008 to 2012 .
I shall be proposing the measures required to achieve results in this area .
Allow me to outline now what , in my view , are three essential components of an effective and comprehensive climate change strategy .
In order to achieve this , I shall be launching an action programme to combat climate change at the beginning of next year .
An important part of these measures will be to spread knowledge and make better use of the enormous advantages which new technology offers .
The market for these technological solutions must be extended through the introduction on our part of a mixture of clear rules and financial incentives .
Thirdly : in addition to these measures , we must also implement changes in areas which influence emissions of greenhouse gases but which lie outside the range of environmental policy .
Many people say that this will take time .
It is clear , however , that if certain Member States , in the future too , oppose this proposal , we shall have to find alternatives .
I shall therefore be discussing with Mrs Loyola de Palacio how to reach the goal of doubling the use of renewable energy sources and also improving energy efficiency .
I shall also be investigating whether the support for fossil fuels might be redirected to the use of renewable energy sources and implementation of energy-saving measures .
It is only when each and every one of us takes his or her own share of responsibility for climate change that we are going to see results .
Mr Hassi has already spoken about the forthcoming international negotiations at the Fifth Party Summit .
Mr President , changing and influencing nature in such a way that future generations do not have the same chance to live as we have is indefensible , be it from human or ecological points of view .
We must therefore make more and more use of economic instruments of control .
The best thing , however , would be for all countries to do this at the same time .
I had intended to ask Commissioner Wallström a question about this .
I believe it is necessary to make for the