petrol .     . – Mr President , the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs is proposing by a very large majority that this Commission proposal should be rejected , and this is therefore the committee’s proposal for a legislative resolution .
Mr President , of course I want to make an oral amendment if that is required .
Security is an important issue in shipping .
My other worry has to do with the increase in costs for small and medium-sized port facilities .
If different security-related equipment , fencing and other investments have to be in place very promptly , transport services will have to raise charges and , as a result , ports will lose their competitive edge .
The Commission proposal is especially necessary in order to clarify the new international instruments adopted last year by the International Maritime Organisation .
It is nevertheless important that the EU does not needlessly rush to adopt measures but instead calmly keeps to the framework of the timetable that has already been drawn up by the IMO , which , as it is , is very rigorous and demanding .
Furthermore , cooperation with Russia is particularly important .
In this regard I welcome the current negotiations between the Commission and the United States of America to cover the Container Security Initiative agreements .
The Commission proposal does not really differ in content from the IMO instruments that have been drawn up exclusively for international shipping .
Taking the costs and other difficulties resulting from compliance with security measures such as these into account , I see no need to go any further than the IMO conventions .
The proposed compromise is a cautious step towards opening up the market in port services and increasing transparency in ports .
The compromise honed in the conciliation procedure is , however , acceptable in this respect .
Maritime transport is vital for overseas regions and it offers a more environmentally friendly alternative in congested areas .
This compromise is a cautious step in the right direction .     – Mr President , the Commissioner stated that the Commission is very cautious in its relations with reproductive health programmes .
In other words , how will the Commission support NGOs that protect such alternatives as these and their projects in developing countries ?
The Bastel virus this autumn was perhaps the first where business lay behind the destruction it caused .
Various sorts of violation of people’s privacy can happen on an absolutely massive scale .
Last year 75 % of European companies had no information security strategy .
Less than 2 % of investment in information technology is put into information security .
The Data Protection Act should have entered into force in the Member States in October .
The credibility and reliability of email are now being wrecked .
They opposed this idea of getting someone’s permission first .
That will result in problems for the freedom of personal communication .
Security clearance is very much on the increase as our lives become more and more involved in networks and communications .
The wireless Internet will be the obvious hunting ground of the troublemaker .
The human factor is also a risk .
That is why , moreover , we are in an exceptional hurry here to create this agency for Europe , the European Network and Information Security Agency .
Three types of measure are in progress .
We have enacted laws relating to electronic communications and data protection .
I want to thank my colleagues , the Council and the Commission for their excellent levels of cooperation .
It will work very closely with the public and private sector .
The Agency must be located somewhere where there are already viable top information technology communications systems , including wireless .
At the same time it will not get involved in day-to-day work , which will be the domain of the Executive Director , the staff , the Advisory Board and the working groups .
There is no doubt that a large Management Board will be a necessary forum of cooperation and a factor in creating direction .
We can return to them in a few years ’ time .
I also wish to thank Mrs Mann , who has also keenly promoted this move .
It will lead to better security , to employment and to greater development .     – Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the problem of waste is one of the subjects that interests people most , as it has a tangible effect on them .
Nevertheless , in many Member States regulations for waste management , the prevention of its build-up , recovery and recycling have not been implemented yet in any serious way , and national laws are often unsatisfactory .
I myself belong to a band of happy citizens who live in a country where the national strategy on waste is sufficiently ambitious and dealt with excellently .
The Commission proposal to clarify regulations on shipments of waste and clinch a deal on common rules for the waste markets is sorely needed .
I am also worried about the welfare of vulnerable sea areas and the environmental risks they face .
It is important to note that ships and other means of transport by water can be classed as waste .
I refer to Amendments Nos 11 and 12 .     – Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , Russia is becoming an ever more important partner of ours and that importance is increasing all the time .
Russian culture is perhaps Russia’s greatest asset , and yet we know little about it .
My group is worried by the situation in Chechnya , and it does not seem to be improving .
We want the Russians to know that this is harming the development of relations between us and that is a big issue .
We need aid organisations here quickly