privatisations in Europe - I very much welcome this essential further action to deregulate and open up the market .
In pushing this forward it has been very important for the Commission to lay the foundations with the telecoms package that we are now considering and we very much admire their ambition and their zeal to do this .
My only comment , when looking at the slightly loose wording on some of the timing - for example , that notified operators shall from 31 December meet reasonable requests from beneficiaries - is to ask the Commissioner to assure us that he will be very severe in monitoring this , because there is no point in pushing this text through here if we have very slack and loose implementation in the Member States where this also needs to be pushed through .
Can I also say this that this has been an admirable initiative resulting from the Lisbon summit but a lot of other key aspects concerning moving forward in the new economy were mentioned in Lisbon ?
Who is going to use all this new low-cost deregulated capacity ?
We want to see the new entrepreneurs , the new Internet companies coming into the market .
I remind the Commissioner that one of the other key aspects of Lisbon was the creation of new conditions in the European economy , to get the new investors .
Can I encourage him with the new spirit of adventure that we see here - and perhaps that is not a word that we always associate with the Commission - to move forward with zeal and vigour to achieve these other aspects of Lisbon with the same effectiveness .
Can I start by congratulating Mr Clegg on the speed and quality of his work and also welcoming him to this rather exclusive band of Members who so often are here late at night debating telecommunications issues .
Indeed Commissioner Liikanen 's predecessor , Commissioner Bangemann described us once as ' we few , we happy few , we band of brothers ' .
He rather ignored the sisters but I think you get the drift from his Shakespearian quote .
I should also like to comment on the legal instrument - the regulation - because it is exceptional and historic and there are very special reasons : reasons of speed - post-Lisbon summit - and reasons of technical consistency which I think we all appreciate and understand .
Parliament must be ready to look at new ways of working , imaginative and , as Mr Harbour says , adventurous .
But we also must make it clear when such measures are appropriate and it is almost certain that the other parts of this latest telecommunications package are going to take rather longer and will be along more traditional lines .
I want to comment too on one very important part of Mr Clegg 's proposal which relates to the powers of national regulators and powers of initiative , which I think are very important components in the speedy and consistent enforcement and implementation of this regulation .
Others have mentioned the Lisbon summit and it is of course right to stress that this legislation follows a commitment from the European Union Member States to support the growth and use of the Internet in Europe under the e-Europe action plan .
Much of this would not happen without this promise to provide affordable , high-speed Internet access and we note the importance of unbundling in the success of the e-Europe plan .
It is also true that the combined efforts of the Commission , Parliament and the Council have brought about this legislation as part of an overall effort to modernise telecommunications law .
This effort will bring openness , transparency and competition to the industry while balancing the need for regulation with the desire for liberalisation .
We have more legislation ahead of us and we have to learn the lessons from so much of the legislation with which we have been jointly involved over many years in the past .
Then we tried to look backwards , to extrapolate from what we had done , before looking forwards and guessing , second-guessing or third-guessing what lay ahead of us .
We made mistakes in such a fast-moving and volatile market but I would like to end with the point that if Europe is to stay competitive , to stay in this field , to bring the very real benefits of e-Europe to all the citizens of the European Union , to remain ahead in third-generation mobiles - if I can jump ahead - vis-à-vis the United States of America , it is going to need all our combined efforts to make sure that the total package is safely accomplished .
Madam President , following Mr Wynn 's observation about the number of amendments my committee might or might not have tabled , it is fair to point out that this is part of the democratic process and if we are not here to question and raise points , then what are we here for ?
Madam President , on the next amendment tabled by the EDD Group , I wonder whether you could give us some clarification , because it is my reading that if we vote for this amendment , it means our travel expenses will be reimbursed at cost , and if we vote against this amendment , then we maintain the present travel allowance .
I just want to check this is actually the case , because it does change the way people might vote .
Madam President , my name appears as a signatory to various amendments on this report .
I would like to assure the House that I have signed no amendments .
I have not joined the Italian delegation for this occasion .
