I am also wondering about the legislative process , since it must result in overall coherence : it is not enough just to transfer the departments of DG VI to DG XXIV.
There are enormous problems to resolve , therefore .
I wish to say that I am entirely prepared to have an initial meeting with you towards the middle of March , as soon as the audit has been completed , that is .
Many of you have experience in this field .
Thank you , and , if I understand things correctly , we shall be seeing each other again before long .
The reality to which my attention is drawn is a reality in which , today , certain jobs in specific sectors are certainly assisted by the existence of duty-free .
The document , then , highlighted the necessity for these aids .
Are we sure that we should not , in fact , extend it beyond 1997 ?
I therefore believe that the system of passports for the animals , the data bases , the ear-tagging and the registers kept at each holding which my group believes should be absolutely compulsory - with no exemptions even for transitional periods which would in fact make them optional - are all extremely important factors both in terms of health and veterinary controls and to prevent fraud in the administration of the premiums provided for by the common agricultural policy in the beef and beef products sector .
It is plain that all of this may involve - and I am certain of this - new costs and a different professional commitment , even though improved qualifications will result .
The hamburger whose origin , content and , above all , quality are frequently still a matter of hoping for the best .
But now that we have reached this stage , we must demand that what was said yesterday in the Chamber by President Santer should be done very quickly .
Madam President , Commissioner , the report by Mr Papayannakis on the labelling of beef and beef products is to be welcomed , particularly where it confirms that labelling should be compulsory to provide accurate information to consumers of beef or beef products .
Yes then to the labelling of beef and beef products : we need at least to agree that information on the origin and processing of meat has to be compulsory .
To say generally , as did Commissioner Fischler , that the Commission 'generally ' agrees that this should be compulsory but that there is to be no obligation or deadline for the immediate future is tantamount to not accepting that principle stated yesterday by President Santer .
With the introduction of the euro , Europe 's citizens will finally identify themselves as such , able to travel around the 15 Member States , making their purchases in shops , supermarkets and travel agencies using a single currency , and perhaps they will then at last feel they are citizens of Europe .
In congratulating the rapporteur , Mr Whitehead , on the well-structured motion for a resolution concerning the 19961998 programme , which we support in all respects - legal , economic and social - Alleanza Nazionale must ask the Commission to increase its support for the movement in the countries of southern Europe , where the presence of organized consumer groups is very much small in comparison with the four million units that exist in Europe , mainly in the countries of northern Europe .
So I cannot say that it will be ready tomorrow or next week , I am just saying that it was ready , but now there is scope to strengthen it .
Mr President , financial services have become increasingly important to families and consumers .
The House welcomed the fact that that promise was very shortly followed by the submission of the Green Paper we are today discussing .
The reference in the banking directives , and the second banking directive in particular , allows scope for serious legal uncertainties .
We have also sought to stress that Community legislation should act to limit the costs of cross-border contracts ; promote the use of the language of the potential client ; promote the search for and acquisition of information by one contracting party on the other on the basis of respect for rules governing personal data ; promote the exercise of the rights of each contracting party in the Member State of the other contracting party ; promote consumer information and education ; guarantee respect for the principle of mutual recognition and ensure that due respect for the regulations of the client 's Member State of stay or residence does not hinder effective freedom of movement and competition between financial products .
I do not understand why further evaluation is needed here .
This is not just a matter of the legislation or , to put it better , though legislation too has its impact , it is clear that we are today living in an economy based on the supply-side .
We believe that , in order to protect consumers , we have basically to apply the principles of free competition , and that means offering consumers genuine choices and according them both the right to choose between different products and the right to change without incurring a penalty .
A new concept of the consumer , for instance , broader than that contained in the corpus of European law and that is able to cover all - including small businessmen - who find themselves at a disadvantage in relation to the financial institutions , at the very same disadvantage as Community consumers find themselves in relation to the financial institutions .
Mr President , I wish to end by making a couple of important points .
To deal more specifically