words than to deeds in policies focused on competitiveness and innovation .
I voted in favour of Mr Cancian 's report on behalf of all passengers , who must receive the recognition they deserve in the event of personal injury or damage to luggage , or cancellations of and delays in the services operated by carriers .
I therefore fully support Mr Cancian 's proposal and his very well-balanced approach .
However , despite the excellent work done by Parliament , it has not been possible to adopt the regulation concerning the rights of passengers in bus and coach transport at second reading .
Greater development of comodality and interoperability , a particular focus on the issue of safety ( to be guaranteed in some sectors through the enhanced role of the agencies ) , the completion of the single market and investment in ITS research and development are the guidelines to be followed .
Consequently , the Union must work quickly to provide Member States with some urgent objectives such as the timeframe for the realisation of small infrastructure , the lack of which hinders the smooth flow of goods and people , causing serious damage to the economy and worsening pollution .
We therefore need similar timeframes across Europe for the completion of these works , as well as certain timeframes for the repair of roads or railways closed owing to natural or unforeseen events .
We support the resolution despite the risks posed by overly extremist stances already taken by Parliament .
I therefore welcome the initiatives proposed with regard to development and dissemination via new technologies , including the Internet in particular .
Unfortunately , today , we are witnessing a period of serious financial crisis , which has caused a significant increase in rates of unemployment , especially youth unemployment .
I support the approach taken in Mrs Turunen 's report : youth unemployment is one of the most pressing problems that the European Union has to face .
In the same way , it must have the courage to prohibit trade in goods from third countries which do not respect the rights of workers .
Rather , I support an intelligent flexibility which can intelligently adapt to the changed conditions of business 's modus operandi , responding to the needs of the market by guaranteeing employment and facilitating the integration of even the weakest groups into the world of work .
Despite having some reservations about the feasibility of certain objectives specified in it , I decided to endorse and thus vote in favour of Mr Fernandes 's report .
The introduction of separate collection systems , the setting of standards for compost , guidelines for the prevention of organic waste , the application of the life cycle concept and waste assessment are the starting points to ensure greater efficiency and savings , in the hope of a mandatory separate collection system in all EU States , except where this is not practical for economic or environmental reasons .
Honestly , I cannot believe that the myopia persists among the governments not to endow the supervisory bodies we are creating with real powers .
Reality is tough , but it must be faced with choices of courage and strength .
Finally , I am convinced that politics should take more responsibility .
First and foremost , however , the Union has its own concern : the recent global crisis has already amply demonstrated how interconnected the financial systems are , and the Member States of the euro area are even more interconnected .
Only a few months ago , when voting on thrombin , also known as 'meat glue ' , I voiced my concerns about initiatives that have a clear industrial benefit without , at the same time , guaranteeing complete protection of consumers .
One need only reflect that this is a directive from 1996 and that the work done brings us to the fifth and most important amendment of the directive on industrial emissions .
We began with a text approved in committee with the Lega Nord delegation voting against it since , as it was initially proposed , it would have brought the closure of many industrial plants and the restructuring of others .
Following the Council 's block and a series of trialogues held between the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Food Safety , the Council and the Commission , it was revised and amended with , in our view , an overall improvement .
So far , Iceland has demonstrated that it meets many of the accession criteria , though there are some aspects that still need to be improved .
Moreover , the Commission Green Paper on corporate governance in financial institutions and remuneration policies stresses that the lack of effective control mechanisms has contributed to excessive risk taking on the part of financial institutions .
The rapporteur 's proposal to exclude cloned meat from the scope of the regulation and the ban on using cloned meat for food purposes guarantee that the European food model remains safe , which is what Lega Nord - the movement to which I belong - has always worked towards .
I hope that the Council will follow our lead in this matter .
In order to ensure a high level of protection of human life and health , animal welfare and the environment , Parliament voted to exclude foods obtained from cloned animals and their offspring .
Many sectors are involved , from farming to large combustion plants .
The aim of the IPPC is to promote the implementation of Best Available Techniques ( BAT ) , or rather those economically and technically viable techniques which are most effective in achieving a high level of environmental protection .
I therefore believe that it is essential that the EU makes a decisive effort to fight the use and sale of illegally obtained wood , which currently accounts for 20-40 % of all industrial timber