We hope that he will not only see Mr Sharon , but also Mr Arafat , and that this will contribute to the quest for a peaceful solution in the Middle East .
Mr Kinnock , the Commissioner responsible for internal reform , does , admittedly talk a lot about reform , but , as the Court of Auditors has established , the reform process can as yet point to no measurable progress .
It is , moreover , significant that Parliament is demanding free access for the media to the occupied territories and expressing its full support for Israeli , Palestinian and international organisations that are actively working for the restoration of peace in the Middle East .
The behaviour of China , which had made promises , for example to open up the insurance market , has not been very encouraging in recent years .
This topic is far too important to be permitted to be left exclusively to a closed circle in which far-reaching options are decided on .
Responsibility for the systems , for the way the pillars relate to each other , for tax law , for labour and social security law , falls on the nation states .
Time means that I must , unfortunately , limit myself to a few fundamental principles .
More so than nearly all other legislative areas , they have grown from historic roots and have therefore evaded harmonisation of any kind at the European level .
I therefore do not understand the position of the PPE-DE Group as just put forward by Mr Pérez Álvarez .
It is because firms with under 250 employees account for two-thirds of jobs that we in the political world must always bear in mind the need to 'think small first ' .
I request the Commission to produce a Green Paper on this issue , because it is in taxation also that Basle II will bring enormous changes , as we can create the conditions for Basle II only if there is massively reduced taxation of business proceeds , especially of undistributed profits from businesses , and then the Finance Ministers really will have to prick their ears up .
Rejection of the Commission proposal for a Common Market Organisation for agricultural alcohol is the only sensible response that the committee could have delivered .
There cannot and must not be partial solutions that bring more imbalances in their train .
Up to now , proposals for this have always failed at Council level , as the national regulatory systems were so heterogeneous , and the frameworks and aid structures so diverse , that no common denominator could be found .
This topic is , as my predecessor on the floor has confirmed , close to all our hearts .
Self-regulation instruments , too , need to be on a legal footing , which means that the promoters , those who provide the programmes , cannot be absolved of their responsibility .
The work we are going to do will be on a very good foundation .
We have been saying this for ever and a day and yet progress is being made at a snail 's pace .
I therefore call on the Commission to withdraw its proposal for the creation of a COM in agricultural alcohol and submit a new proposal closely adhering to the Council mandate of July 2000 .
The report is right to take up Parliament 's repeated call for the appointment of an EU special representative for Tibet .
I suspect that , following the vote on the lifting of the immunity of two opposition politicians - something I regard as irregular - the ruling parties see themselves as victors and do not grasp what three months of mass demonstrations mean , namely that they have forfeited the confidence placed in them and that they themselves are no longer in a position to lead their country out of the crisis at the present point in time .
That other members of the parliamentary opposition have been threatened with the suspension of their immunity is also a cause for concern on our part .
We are no less numerous today than at the earlier part-sessions , when Thursday 's sitting went on until 6.30 p.m. , or fewer in number than we used to be on Fridays - or maybe perhaps we are -- and there are no fewer of us here today than there will be tomorrow , which is Friday .
We must not , though , reduce our dialogue with the Arab and Islamic world to simply fighting terrorism ; it must , rather , be a dialogue that includes all the political , economic , financial and cultural issues .
We must also not lose sight of the fact that our American friends cannot be peacemakers on their own .
I am aware of Commissioner Patten 's great exertions in recent years towards achieving improvements in this field , but now as much as then we are in a position in which money is spent and formal resolutions adopted , the effectiveness of which , however , leaves something to be desired .
That being understood , I want to ask my Israeli friends this : What will you have achieved if , as you are expected to do shortly , you withdraw your tanks from the Palestinian territories after killing many Palestinians , suspected assassins , murderers and potential murderers , after having destroyed many homes and schools , and wrecked the structure of the Palestinian Authority ?
Last week , a major German newspaper carried a report on a bloody terrorist attack in Jerusalem four years ago - long before the second intifada - which cost many innocent people their lives or their health .
I hope that all of Europe 's voters will see this , and , at the same time , also see when we are saying 'no '