I shall restrict myself to four remarks .
That is really the crux of our efforts , and I am delighted with the contribution of Parliament , to which I extend my heartfelt thanks .     .
This is different , it seems to me – but let us drop the matter .     .
This is why we have voted against these provisions , reserving our approval for other research programmes mentioned in the report .     . – I voted in favour of this new FPRD because we are substantially improving the Commission ’s proposal and adopting a more ambitious stance than the Council .
The general flow may suffer , but ultimately this will be to everyone 's benefit in security terms .
In Europe , there are two prevailing ideologies in Brussels that are threatening the development of our countries .
Let me make one thing clear : the fight against all forms of racism is not a matter of right or left .
Paradoxically , consumption of fish is on the increase throughout the European Union , so now is not the time to drop our guard , particularly in view of the fact that inshore fishing is a very environmentally friendly job that consumes very little energy and supplies an important product .
I signed it because I wonder whether , and hope that , guarantees can be given to ensure that the quality wines we are producing in Europe are and continue to be recognised as quality wines .
As a wine-grower myself , I may not necessarily agree with everything he has written , but often in politics we say things we do not always mean .
First of all , there is the danger of presenting people with a by adopting , in comitology , a regulation on an œnological practice that should be defined when we carry out the reform of the CMO for wine .
Moreover , everyone knows that , materially speaking , the crimes of which they are accused are implausible and that these citizens have been held in prison and tortured for seven years .
In this regard , everything that the motion for a European Parliament resolution asks for and requires must be approved .
Much is at stake , and the limits of the exercise need to be all the clearer because of that .
What concerns observers and many parliamentarians today , however , is that the Commission , despite its power of initiative , remains content to arbitrate between opposing interests , analysing market situations and assessing the chances of getting a text passed in the Council , instead of trying to rise above all that and take a European perspective .
We are not asking him to intervene in the reality of the markets , we are asking him to play his part in initiating legislation .
That is a political choice with serious consequences .
Unlike the Commissioner , I do not propose reopening that debate , especially since the question is not whether one national model or another is reprehensible but rather how a body of citizen shareholders can be put in place that will get us away from the volatile and stateless nature of today’s shareholder in the largest quoted undertakings .
This is 2006 : seventy years ago , General Franco imposed a dictatorial regime opposed to freedom , democracy and the rule of law .
As in Munich in 1938 , this attitude turned out to be one of the great errors of that period , affording one of the great lessons that we need to learn from it .
Indeed , the destruction of that young Republic is , in more than one respect , relevant to the whole of Europe .
Today , Mrs Hübner , Mr Manninen , we are going to move on to the second phase .
Mrs Hübner , Mr Špidla , Mr Manninen , please be assured that , together with our fellow Members of the European Parliament , we shall help to make a success of the Structural Funds , without however relaxing our vigilance .     – Mr President , in the words of the President of this House , this debate may be prosaic , but it is important , because what we are discussing is more than 35 % of the EU 's budget , and I think it would have been worthwhile to devote the whole morning to such a subject .
It is , however , regrettable that the sums devoted to this major EU policy do not match our ambitions .
I voted in favour of the Council 's proposal on the conclusion of two additional protocols to the United Nations Convention Against Transnational Organised Crime , because they strengthen the coordination and harmonisation of procedures .
Finally , the objective of ‘European territorial cooperation ’ will enable the outermost regions to extend the work already done on developing synergies with neighbouring states in the Indian Ocean and the Caribbean .
The difficult achievement of an agreement on the financial perspective 2007-2013 by the European Council in December 2006 and the Commission ’s proposals do not make the Union’s funding transparent , since it appears that we are getting further away from the principle of budgetary equity which currently underpins the Member States’ contributions to the Union’s operations .
Bearing in mind that the US budget , for one year alone , amounts to USD 2 500 billion , it is obviously untenable for the EU to have , for everyone , a budget of less than EUR 1 000 billion for 2007 to 2013 .
Yes , aviation is a factor in climate change .
Global warming is the major challenge of the 21st century , and Europe must , emphatically , continue to set an example .     Although the objective of reducing the climate change impact of aviation , notably by reducing CO2