Albanians living in Kosovo , nor is there any doubt that we must go further than words because those words must be followed up with political deeds which change the situation .
In fact it has been a flashpoint for a long time .
The European Union has not chosen a policy of isolation towards Turkey , which might not have been effective , but taken the line of democratic contamination and anchorage , in the hope that the more Turkey is integrated into Europe , the closer it will become to Europe and the more it will be induced to adopt European standards as regards democratic rights .
Naturally this is not just a hope , it is a goal the European Union is working towards by bringing pressure to bear in every necessary way .
Naturally , if we then find ourselves greeted with a deaf ear , the fears honourable Members have expressed will be proved right , but at this stage I think we should continue to act positively to obtain from the Turkish government those guarantees which have been lacking up to now .
So the international community must try to find a method of mediation and intervention and cannot be a passive witness or play a waiting game .
What else can I say ?
The departments have worked hard to get me all the details I need to give Mr Falconer an answer as promised .
But the situation now seems to be becoming particularly grave , when decision-making bodies do not even have the shame to refer to it .
That is why we are so critical .
The report given to us by Ms Ahern is also excellent because it is concise .
This is an important step towards the concept of European citizenship and also a way of guaranteeing transparency and the proper functioning of the institutions of our European administration .
On the other hand , I have also to share in part the reservations expressed by some of those who spoke earlier .
Nor can we hide away behind the fact that this is now a major business .
( Parliament adopted the resolution )
Madam President , as I had cause to say at the last part-session that we held in Brussels , practically all observers , of every nationality , found that the elections in Albania were irregular , and that the irregularities took place before the poll , that is to say in the course of the electoral campaign - as a result , for instance , of the fact that not everyone had sufficient opportunity to campaign ; during the poll itself , as a result of clear irregularities in access to the ballot-box , by preventing the monitoring of the poll itself , and also after the poll because it was possible , contrary to democratic principles , to examine the votes and because opposition protests were suppressed .
Finally , I wish to remind the House of the need to apply , from now on at least , the same methods and the same criteria to all countries in which a process of democratization is under way .
Madam President , this House has to protest once again by way of a further resolution condemning murder by the Nigerian Government .
We must take action at European level , and Europe can do this because commercial relations exist and I think that the time has come to impose exemplary sanctions that can no longer be deferred .
I therefore believe , Commissioner , that the time has come to do something concrete and stop going on about what we all , unfortunately , know : in China human rights are a utopian concept at this point in time .
Mr President , honourable Members have rightly condemned the climate of violence again present in Burundi .
Today , in the case of Burundi , no-one can claim that ; no-one can claim that we were unaware of the danger threatening that region torn apart by ethnic rivalry , by age-old hatreds which surfaced in the form of unthinkable , unprecedented massacres , unparalleled in that region in recent years .
I do not , however , believe that it will be possible to resolve the problem on the basis of controls or policing activities in regard to banks , for example .
Wine production in areas in which grapes do not grow is therefore an industrial and not an oenological practice .
For some sparkling wines that are obtained in autoclaves using agitation , a shorter period will suffice .
The motion for a resolution on flowers and ornamental plants is in a way linked to those two issues .
We therefore need action to promote the products of the Member States , taking a multinational approach - that is to say coordinated between them - we need to define and back specific measures to promote products in the light of the individual markets ; we need to encourage producers to take part in and manage programmes .
We are not asking for the ECU 400 million that was once envisaged in a study put forward by the Commission , but consider that ECU 60 million to be absolutely vital .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I come here today with the greatest respect to illustrate the principal results of the Florence European Council which represented the conclusion of our Presidential term .
From this viewpoint a significant part of the presidency 's work was devoted to preparing for the Intergovernmental Conference so that it could be formally called at the Turin European Council of 29 March , as agreed in Madrid last December .
Those with the patience to reread the introductory statements made by our presidency at the beginning of the term would find the issue of employment at the centre of our programme