Lastly , what does unified systems mean ?
But we regard closer cooperation as an internal instrument of the Treaty system and therefore the moment one or other country blocks a process of integration , the Commission , as guardian of the Treaties , has to put forward an initiative , since we cannot leave this task solely to the Member States .
I think it is inconceivable for Parliament to tackle the budgetary procedure in a rigorous manner and in the context of a zero-growth budget without regard for the outcome of the Amsterdam Conference and what might happen if , please God , the European Union finds means of responding concretely to the challenges which we have discussed so often and so seriously : unemployment , etc .
As for food aid and humanitarian aid to third countries , we have discussed the extent to which the lines would be taken up and utilized ; we have already pointed to the cases where cuts need to be made .
In the Tillich report , the European Parliament emphasizes the importance of employment , regarding it as the absolute priority , the importance of the social dimension of the European Union and the major contribution that Community funding makes to achieving social objectives .
After Parliament 's first reading , the Council accepted some of the approved amendments .
That reserve would indeed make it possible to increase the framework programme funds by at least ECU 200m .
Mr President , the only way to sort out all these problems properly is to set up a committee of inquiry , because yesterday 's problem struck deeply at the dignity of Members of Parliament and it is a recurrent problem .
Many of these countries have reached independence without having had a history as a nation , or a specific and recent history as a nation .
In this whole framework our cooperation agreement is very important .
The point is made that there can be no free trade area unless there is rapid liberalization of imports of agricultural products from Mediterranean third countries .
Having said that , we will obviously vote for the joint resolution because we are convinced that the only way to help the Tibetan people is to call on the Chinese government in every form and in every international forum to abandon its arrogant and prevaricating policy and finally concede the fundamental rights which will allow the Tibetan people to safeguard their identity and hence their survival .
It is obvious that such tension can have serious repercussions .
Women are risking their lives in the ongoing struggle by demonstrating publicly against violation of their rights , which are fundamental human rights , as the Peking statement confirmed .
The criminals we are talking about are unscrupulous people and effective action must be taken against them .
The means are now available and offered to us by the nuclear non-proliferation treaty , which is strengthened by the agreements already signed on review times and by the disarmament principles and objectives .
That commitment means Europe can and must encourage trade and cultural exchanges with Kazakhstan .
I do know that last year I myself tabled an amendment to the 'price package ' , which was passed by the Committee on Agriculture and which made it very clear that Regulation 1442/88 on grubbing-up was such an antiquated , obsolete and rigid regulation that it should not be extended and that there was therefore a need to draw up a new regulation which would take account of the need to establish a market balance between demand and supply , affecting the nation states , but also specific geographic areas .
Economies in transition are progressing towards industrialization at their own pace and therefore present dual features , with prosperity and poverty existing side by side , state-of-the-art technology alongside underdevelopment , economic sectors and people on welfare , aggressive firms on the international market , demographic growth and economic expansion attracting foreign investment to high addedvalue businesses .
One important point in the Pompidou report relates to setting up a research exchange programme with the emerging economies .
It is astonishing that , while demography is a science where forecasts can be reasonably accurate , little account is taken of the implications of those forecasts in policies for dealing with relevant problems at national level , and to a certain extent at Union level as well .
We talk a great deal about subsidiarity , but we must reestablish the fundamental importance of responses from citizens , from families , and from the voluntary sector , and reduce the illusion that state and public intervention can produce a satisfactory answer to these problems .
To summarize , imposing stricter rules on European producers than on their foreign competitors could sound like discrimination against the former .
I have the impression that the problem may be a little more complex than it seems .
The amendment strengthened this requirement , making it mandatory for a variety of information to be kept accessible to the supervisory authorities , including an assessment of safety regarding human health : the so-called 'dossier ' with which we are concerned .
I agree that all of us , you and we , can be dissatisfied because we have not made sufficient progress , but these figures - and I repeat , ECU 12 million for alternative methods and new research , equivalent to more than half the entire consumer policy budget - may perhaps provide some idea of the scale of the financing .
Anyway , that is the actual situation .
There are two more points I should make in reply to questions by Honourable Members .
As far as ingredients and the combination of the ingredients are concerned , I can tell you that new methods , not involving the use of animals , already allow a degree of screening to be carried