Court .
We all know how important the Ombudsman 's function has been in keeping authorities accountable and enhancing citizens ' rights in the EU Member States .
They are the basis of the family spirit and the contract of marriage , as Jacques Delors put it , to which we Europeans have committed ourselves .
Thus we cannot be indifferent to what is happening in candidate countries , least of all to events that affect our shared democratic values .
We want to see Turkey move on from this case by respecting European values .
Turkey cannot afford another wasted year on reforms and we need to see progression , not regression , in meeting democratic principles .
Now it is time for the leaders of the two communities to end the deadlock and move towards reunification of the island .
Member of the Commission . - Madam President , I want to thank the rapporteur and the Members for a very serious and responsible debate at a very critical time for EU-Turkey relations .
The second message is that citizens ' rights must be respected in the everyday life of society .
The third and final message is that the European Parliament is clearly very concerned about the closure case .
Closing down a political party is not , and cannot be , business as usual .
So there is much at stake again this year in Turkey and in EU-Turkey relations .
I have to read this declaration and I quote : ' The Commission took note of the following amendment adopted in the Committee on Legal Affairs : " Where a continuing activity proves after a lapse of time to give rise to environmental damage which may in turn give rise to criminal liability under this Directive , the question whether or not the perpetrator of the damage acted intentionally or negligently should be determined by reference to the time when the perpetrator became aware , or should have been aware , of the facts constituting the offence and not to the time when the perpetrator commenced its activity .
When the EU 's new legislation on chemicals , REACH , was being discussed , one of the greatest public concerns was that it would lead to more tests on animals .
We were therefore bewildered when the Commission was a long time giving its administrative approval to these same alternative test methods .
In talks between the Committee on the Environment and the Commission it emerged that the Commission was going to wait for these tests to be approved by the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development as a whole , where just one country could torpedo the decision .
I am very pleased that the talks that followed between the Committee 's appointed rapporteur , Mr Sacconi , and the Commission led to a happy outcome and that the Commission is now committed to speeding up introduction of the alternative methods so as to reduce the number of tests on animals and the suffering that goes with them .
Although we might encounter difficulties the end result will be a happy one . on behalf of the PPE-DE Group . - ( FI ) Madam President , Belarus is the only European country which still has a totalitarian administration and where the death penalty is still in existence .
Once again it is time for us clearly to explain to Belarus the terms of cooperation .
Next week members of Belarus 's political opposition will come here to Parliament to ask the EU to support a petition rejected by Lukashenko to amend the law restricting freedom of religion which took effect in 2002 .
I hope that this important resolution and next week 's joint debate will persuade the Belarusian Government that it is in its own interests and that of the country 's citizens . on behalf of the PSE Group . - ( FI ) Mr President , I wish to thank the rapporteurs and everyone else , but especially Mrs Morgania , who has seen though to its end what was a burdensome task .
Consumers should have the right to change supplier quickly and have access to information on a product 's energy background : for example , its effects on the environment .
In other words we have no faith in the 'big ' model .
In others , though , this is still virtually impossible .
We want to do something about this .
The situation has led to the distortion of competition , poor investments and unreasonable consumer prices .
Current wasteful ways of using energy have come to the end of the road , as fossil reserves are meagre and they are becoming scarcer , with fewer and fewer controlling them .
For example , consumer protection needs to be strengthened .
The comitology procedure must not become a basic principle in lawmaking .
The Union 's infringement proceedings are ineffective , too slow and too political .
Our aim is to achieve harmony during the French Presidency , and I hope that the forthcoming Presidency assumes its duties successfully , so that the present issue can be wrapped up before the end of the year . draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development . - ( FI ) Mr President , first of all I would like to thank Mrs Haug for a good report .
Expenditure remains at EUR 2 027 000 000 below the ceiling at EUR 42.8 billion .
Obesity is an ever increasing problem among young people .
Funds from heading four of external measures , and not from heading two , should be used for this .
It is in keeping with the authority of Parliament that we stick to the facts in the resolutions .
The fact is that the EU needs Russian gas and that Russia needs even more European customers .
