.
The purpose of the internal market is not to attain financial gain on the back of the distress of patients .
This is food for thought .     Mr President , I should like to echo the many compliments that have been addressed to the rapporteur .
I would like to say to them – and to Mr Herman Schmid in particular – that this has not been the case for a long time .
This will be at the expense of the weakest groups .
However , in practice , economies of scale mean that there are increasing complaints about the unacceptably long travelling distances between home and hospital , about waiting lists for hospital admission , about a shortage of accommodation for the elderly who need care , a shortage of medical and care staff , a reduction in medicines available and the need to go abroad .
For some people , the shortage of care leads to premature death and for others , it leads to such a poor quality of life that they choose to die by means of voluntary euthanasia long before they have reached the natural stage of dying .
The drain of personnel from countries with a lower standard of living exacerbates the problems over there .
We are not opposed to equal treatment , except where it takes precedence over the reduction of administrative burdens for businesses , as the two are completely unrelated .
I might add that what is true of the Socialists is also true of the Greens .
The damage , though , has been done .
I endorse these criticisms and will continue to do so even after these countries ’ accessions .     .
If that is to be made possible , the European economy will have to be given adequate opportunities .
So far , though , the international emergency force continues to adopt too passive an approach ; the result is open season for criminals and armed gangs .
They do not want to leave Haiti ; nor , in any case , can they .
This fact alone has aroused suspicion about Chechyk’s unexpected death .
I want to share with this House my own experiences of it .
Forty years later , they stopped resigning themselves to their lot and could at last have a hope of a stable existence , growth and solidarity .
This underlines once again that Turkey is failing to fulfil the Copenhagen criteria .     Madam President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , in this debate , I would like to ask you to give special attention to Article 17 of the Transparency Directive , which deals with the dissemination of what is termed price-sensitive information .
The first had to do with the provision of information about management salaries and bonuses in annual reports .
This is not , therefore , about forcing companies to do business in a socially responsible manner , but the moment a company boasts about all the good things it does , that should appear transparently and clearly in a verified report , as happens with financial conduct .
I should like to remind you that in March of last year , Parliament indicated that in its view , the present situation , with unlimited provision of information to the United States , should end .
After all , what is happening ?
We have also asked for an agreement in which the liability of airline companies and governments is regulated in the event of errors in code transcription .
The protection of our citizens in the United States is not sufficiently regulated .
I will repeat myself yet again : it is necessary to fight terrorism , but not all means are justified .
It therefore looks as if the Commission is the only institution still holding to its conclusions concerning the suitable level of protection .
However , in my view , there was an adequacy finding before us , which you described as being in order .
More attention is a good thing , but it should also be translated into both punitive and preventive action .
Has a consistent register been finally set up in the accounting system ?
Why is the Commission only claiming back a small proportion ?
The apparent logic of taking into consideration the difference between men and women by the insurance industry is a remnant of times gone by – taking the easy option .
We are looking forward to the Commission 's promised Green Paper about the future of anti-discrimination legislation as a whole , and subsequently to new reparation legislation .
The fact is that there is a greater variation within the group of men or women than there is between men and women .
I would , however , ask them to understand that we nevertheless want to include insurance in the scope of this directive .
We need to step up our efforts in order to find a solution , with political means , for the armed conflicts , and to restore peace and social justice .
That is necessary , but it is , in fact , of huge importance also to involve the region 's parliaments and civil society in the dialogue .
We are now on the verge of turning back the clock .
The producers ensure that their products are up to scratch and the government monitors the final inspection .
I do not think that Parliament should regard the workers in the meat sector as frightened and uninformed people incapable of forming their own opinions .
What is it about ?
However , before I add my own comment to the new animal transport directive , I should like to dwell briefly on an event in my own country , namely the departure of our Queen Mother , Princess Juliana .
