that I wish to bring to your attention .     Mr President , I am asking very specific questions , so please answer them .
Even now , in your preliminary draft budget , as adopted by the Bureau , there is reference to EUR 90 million in unused funds .
There will be signed motions to this effect .     Mr President , at lunchtime today I received , by fax , an undated letter in English , which I presume is what you are referring to .
What is going on here is an attempt at evading responsibility , at avoiding the admission that something has been done in a way that ought not to be possible .
The question then , of course , arises of whether the foreign service is part of the Council or of the Commission , and this is where we have to consider the existence , even now , in many countries , of delegations that could become EU embassies .
This is a clear and simple question , and no answer has been given to it .
There is also the problem of the countries with emerging economies , which are fighting to be allowed to take up a leading , global role in the world .
We see this making people more and more insecure , and we see radical groups like ‘Attac’ , among others , using the funding they receive from the Community to work against the Community’s interests by misinforming and frightening people .
It is not a simple matter .
Export subsidies for large-scale agri-businesses must be done away with .
We have to enable these , the poorest countries in the world , to get access not only to local and regional markets , but also to global markets , and for that we need the parliamentary dimension .
Fourthly , a steam iron made in China , which bore the CE label but did not meet the relevant standards , recently caused the deaths of two people in Greece .
What can actually be done to ensure that enquiries take a good hard look at such things as disguised subsidies ?
Nevertheless , minimum standards in the labour market have not ceased to matter ; they still do , and it is for that reason that we Europeans should do everything in our power to get the WTO , too , to accept more democratic rules .     –Mr President , Commissioner , Europe still has cause to worry about its textile industry .
It is also important that we in Europe should give some thought to what might happen if monetary parity were to begin to be subject to the operation of the market .
It is intolerable that – as happened in Austria – an information document should be issued on the Constitution without any reference whatever , whether in word or image , to either the Members of the European Parliament or the Members of the Convention .
We need to look at and consider the various technical developments that have been achieved in the fields of radio , television and the Internet .
It is still the case , for example , that nothing dramatic happens in this House that might be of interest to journalists and would make the proceedings clearer .
Along with them , the Germans to the east of the three Western zones paid far more for Hitler’s crimes than we did , for we were fortunate enough to be able , very soon , to play a part in the project that was and still is the answer to all the challenges of totalitarianism : the European Union .
We call on it to arrest those involved in inciting violence .
The first is the urgent necessity of our ensuring that Burma does not take over the presidency of ASEAN in 2006 .
During this year’s ‘Burma/Myanmar Day’ , you presented a report that held out the prospect of increased economic and social cooperation with the regime .
So it is clear that the responsibility for the approval on 23 September lay with the Commission under Romano Prodi .
With Members like the one you have just addressed in your group , Mr Poettering , you have no more need of political opponents .
It is for that reason that I declare , on behalf of the Socialist Group in the European Parliament , that we will not be voting in favour of this motion .     Mr President , I would like to praise the Commission – or some Commissioners at any rate – for having produced , on 18 May , a paper from which I shall now quote : ‘We must bring more light to bear on the way we work and find new ways to reconnect with the European public . ’ The document goes on to say that all official correspondence by letter should be made available in a public register .
Mr President , Mr President of the Commission , ladies and gentlemen , after what we have just been discussing , which is destructive in its desire to disrupt relations between the institutions , thank heaven we are now going to deal with something constructive and something that is intended to strengthen these relations .
We will be kept fully informed at every stage of the legislative process , and at the same time as the Council .
I believe , Mr President , that not least the group leaderships should give consideration to a change of method , and , since we want to give added force to the requirement for transparency among ourselves , we should also require the same transparency of the process whereby interinstitutional agreements come into being .
Notwithstanding the many strategic reasons for this partnership , however , it must be based on respect for the European understanding of values .
