Mr President , without doubt , the reports in question make a positive effort towards creating a legislative framework in terms of administrative cooperation at European Union level in the field of direct and indirect taxation other than VAT and excise .
The first has to do with tax competition within Europe ; the last thing this promotes is solidarity and economic and social cohesion between the Member States .
The Greek Government 's intention , for example , to simply levy a 10 % tax on such transactions is scandalous .
They will promote the Treaty of Lisbon and the EU 2020 strategy , which will strengthen the sovereignty of the markets , increase unemployment and insecure jobs , unravel the social security system and restrict democratic and social rights .
The members of the European Commission have the vote of confidence of the political representatives of capital , but not of the workers .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , the new Commission is starting its job with a huge lie : not only are the Treaty of Lisbon and the Lisbon Strategy not helping to protect us from the crisis ; they are one of the causes which drove us into it .
The crisis does not only concern Greece .
With the Lisbon Strategy , we have dismantled the social state .
We therefore need to change the Stability Pact and replace it with a Development and Employment Pact .
I personally was left with the impression that all of us who are members here are in the same boat , not the same armada .
By promoting and then abandoning local markets , like a passing tornado , it is destroying the real economies and reaping profits with no real investment .
I wish to send a message both to this Parliament and to all my fellow members ; a message from Schumpeter .
Bluefin tuna is in immediate danger of extinction .
In other words , it supports this proposal in the corresponding FAO proposal , which is based on the ICCAT proposal .
So the scientific part of the debate has been resolved .
Scientific agencies maintain that , if global trade is not banned , in a few years there will be no bluefin tuna .
The S&D Group has tabled an amendment to this effect .
If we truly want to protect fishermen , we must support the inclusion of bluefin tuna in Appendix I to the CITES Convention .
It was unthinkable , both for the members of my political group and for our committee , that the old Member States should not be included in this extension to the scope of the regulation , because - as we all know - the housing problems faced by marginalised social groups , especially the Roma , are a serious issue , with social repercussions in all the Member States of the European Union .
We mean this and we believe in it .
In ignoring international law , Turkey is preventing the Republic of Cyprus from exercising its sovereign rights in its exclusive economic zone .
However , is this not unacceptably making everyone equally responsible , making the victim and the occupier equally responsible ?
The motion contains positive elements , such as acknowledging the lack of medium - and long-term objectives and the vague and poor funding for developing countries .
This can only be achieved by recognising and correcting the mistakes in Copenhagen , which the European Parliament resolution fails to do .
While certain parties are trying to undermine the report , we call on the Member States of the European Union to stand up for the principles that govern international law and the European Union and to support the debate of the report at the UN General Assembly and its notification to the Security Council with a view to its ultimate ratification and for measures to be taken .
The people of Palestine and of Israel have every right to a future and to life .
Constructing a peaceful Europe presupposes , apart from anything else , the facility for each country to determine its international relations without imposition and pressure .
The European Union must support efforts by the UN to ensure that human rights are respected throughout the world .
It must take centre stage in this sort of initiative , all the more so nowadays , when infringements tend to be the rule under autocratic regimes which engage in 'capitalist violence ' in order to impose their antisocial policies .
I voted against this report , because the EU budget continues to constitute a minimum percentage of European GDP ( 0.97 % ) , which does not cover the need to strengthen weak economies and societies and finance enlargement .
The monopoly friendly nature of EU policy is illustrated by the fact that 2/3 of Community funds have been channelled to big business ( fishing companies , fish farms , processing ) , while the remaining 1/3 has been given to poor and middling fishermen to break up their boats and leave the profession .
The EU common fisheries policy serves the ambitions of the big fishing companies that will remain to plunder the wealth of the seas and supports big business in the fish farming sector .
This particular report fails to combine the necessary protection of the marine environment , conservation of fish stocks and social and financial protection for fishermen , especially small-scale fishermen , with catastrophic consequences for the environment and viable fisheries and an adverse impact on both fishermen and consumers , who have to pay the final price for the product , with the profits benefiting large private companies rather than small-scale fishermen .
We do not agree with the position and the view that more efficient and flexible consumer markets are fundamental factors for competitiveness and