Innovation therefore has a major role to play in reducing the impact agriculture has on climate change and its environmental consequences .
Agriculture is responsible for 9.3 % of the European Union 's total CO2 emissions , whereas in 1990 it represented 11 % of those emissions .
The negative impact of climate change is already being felt , with drought and soil erosion causing major problems , especially in the southern Member States .
Consideration of the implications of climate change for agriculture is a relevant concern , just as it is relevant , entirely justified and necessary to make farming more compatible with the preservation of a series of things of natural and cultural value , such as soils , landscape and biodiversity .
The climate change phenomenon damages agriculture , which , according to recently published reports , points to a very discouraging outlook for this sector .
The Commission is proposing in this communication that , according to Article 50( 3 ) of Regulation (EC ) No 1698/2005 , the 'other less-favoured areas ' be defined in accordance with objective criteria .
This aid allows social and territorial cohesion , preserving rural areas and gives them the status of an area of vital economic and natural importance .
We also see as valuable the inclusion of the geographic criterion 'isolation ' and the statement that 'the cumulative use of the adopted criteria might prove necessary ' .
For this reason , the preparation of a comprehensive strategy for less-favoured areas that meets the local needs of the various regions will lead to a reduction in the existing disparity between Member States as regards the aid that is awarded to them .
In accordance with the principle of subsidiarity , it seems logical to me that , when identifying intermediate LFAs , the Member States be allowed to take into account not only biophysical criteria but also others , such as being an island or an outermost region .
The report 'on a new Digital Agenda for Europe : 2015.eu' , of which I voted in favour , seeks to cooperate with the Commission on drawing up the universal strategic proposal and action plan for 2015 .
I also welcome the recommendation that the concept of digital literacy be introduced into education systems , starting as early as the pre-primary level , in parallel with foreign languages , with the aim of producing skilled users as early as possible .
Information and Communication Technologies ( ICTs ) play a part in a prosperous and competitive economy , and help to cement a more environmentally friendly , democratic , open and inclusive society .
National and European funds should be used to ensure that all EU citizens have access to broadband Internet at a competitive price by 2013 .
Strengthening and promoting a 'well-functioning ' internal market do not make it more 'consumer-oriented' , nor do they lead 'to lower prices' , as they are trying to make us believe .
We cannot forget that an informed and enlightened public contributes to increasing Europe 's potential .
All the European institutions that depend on the European Union budget have to be thoroughly audited by the Court of Auditors and by all entities with that function .
I , like the rapporteur , deplore the fact that the Court of Auditors was not able to obtain all the information and documentation concerning 10 sampled payments to international organisations and that consequently it is not able to express an opinion on the regularity of expenditure amounting to EUR 190 million , or 6.7 % of the annual expenditure .
I believe it is essential for public servants to be answerable to the public , which is why they must give objective and detailed accounts of how the public funds made available to them have been used .
It is necessary to check whether Union funds are being well used , whether these institutions are meeting the objectives outlined for them , and whether any resources are being wasted .
I note with satisfaction the fact that the EESC has adopted the practice of including a chapter in its annual activity report describing how the previous discharge decisions of Parliament and the Court of Auditors were followed up .
Parliament 's evaluation of the accounts submitted and their respective discharge falls into this category .
Generally - with only a few exceptions , to judge by the audits that we have already seen - we can say that the institutions at issue are using the funds made available to them properly and meeting the objectives proposed for them .
I think that this group will play a fundamental role in eliminating the problems that the Court of Auditors has identified in several of the agencies , many of them in common , and in defining a common framework that will allow for better financial and budgetary management in the future .
In addition , overall , the College 's replies to the Court of Auditors ' remarks are once again inadequate and the remedial measures it puts forward are too vague and non-specific to enable the discharge authority adequately to determine whether the College is capable of improving in future .
That is why I voted for the report on the European Police College .
Commission communication COM ( 2007 ) 281 , of 30 May , explicitly recognised that 'EU-Brazil dialogue has not been sufficiently exploited and carried out mainly through EU-Mercosur dialogue .
As well as setting a common agenda it should continue to coordinate positions on matters of global importance , taking account of the interests and concerns of both parties .
However , it says nothing about the redeployment of the United States Fourth Fleet in the region , the plan for the United States to use seven Colombian military bases , or the intervention operations that are undertaken from military bases in