.
The Council agreed with Parliament that we definitely should define the areas where work should be done on common specifications and standards .
The area where the Council shied away from our proposals was in connection with establishing when the agreed specifications should be in place in practice .
I would like to thank the shadow rapporteurs for their cooperation in achieving this outcome , especially Mr Koch , Mrs Ţicău and Mrs Brepoels .
I would also like to offer my sincere thanks to the Swedish Presidency , which made an enormous effort to ensure that many of Parliament 's proposals were implemented in the final text .
Mr President , on the windscreen of my car I have a small electronic device which records when I drive through a toll booth in my home country .
How nice it would be if it was that easy throughout the whole of Europe , and that is exactly what my fellow Danish Member , Mrs Jensen , wants for everyone who drives a great deal on Europe 's roads .
It has been a long time coming , and contains a whole series of both technical and specific initiatives .
I must say that this subject meets this requirement very well .
At the same time , this directive offers a helping hand to the lorry drivers who bind Europe together .
Without them , none of the trade within the EU would exist .
As far as I can see , this is where the problem lies , for although the Council is co-legislator for the directive , roads are built in small national municipalities that do not have much money for this purpose .
Mr President , my thanks go to all my fellow Members for the comments that we have received .
I would also like to thank the Commissioner for his promise to set about making things happen and to work closely with all of the actors in this area .
There has been a great deal of anxiety in the Member States with regard to the risk that those Member States that have already invested in intelligent transport systems would find that their investments have been in vain if suddenly , different specifications and standards were chosen .
In any case , I think that we have done a lot of work to ensure that these things should , and could , be developed from the ground up and that we have not merely set out directives from above , but that there has actually been a dialogue about these things .
Clearly , as someone pointed out , we must use intelligent transport systems in an intelligent way .
I support this viewpoint .
It is easy to see that people who use their GPS do not have a clue where they have ended up because they have simply followed the voice that said : ' Turn right , turn left ' .
An intelligent transport system must be used in an intelligent way .
As I only have a short time in which to speak , I will concentrate on the amendments that we have tabled .
It is not a question of placing the blame on anyone ; on the contrary , our work has borne fruit .
It is a misconstrued sense of politeness to only talk in completely abstract terms on these matters , and it counteracts the good intentions of many of my fellow Members to make our work more citizen friendly .
In the report , you could get the impression that national courts have the final word .
Otherwise , it will be almost impossible , not least for financial reasons , for most people to have their complaints heard .
Amendment 4 is probably the one that I feel is most important .
We do not want to give the Commission the opportunity to avoid its responsibility for Member States ' compliance with Community legislation .
Finally a few words about our Amendment 5 on the internal rules and working methods in the Committee on Petitions , which will hardly concern plenary at all .
We have already wasted too much precious time on this debate .
Over the last year , more and more of my friends have become unemployed .
There are millions of examples of these young people in Europe , and their numbers are growing .
We want to eradicate youth unemployment .
Statistics show that around 5.5 million young people under 25 in the EU have become unemployed and therefore , young people are hit twice as hard as the population in general .
The reason that I am particularly concerned about youth unemployment is that there is a risk of it leaving a lifelong scar on the individual and on society .
We are only too well aware of the consequences of allowing things to carry on as they are from the example of the 1980s , when we lost a generation to long-term unemployment , benefits and social exclusion .
However , it is not only about economic forecasts ; it is about real flesh-and-blood people .
Young people who will find it difficult to get back into the labour market if we do not give them a helping hand now .
Therefore , it is also vital that , as a strategic priority , the EU focuses on joint strategies right now .
We have this at local , national and European level .
Allow me to highlight a couple of the more important ones : 1 .
We are proposing a European quality charter for academic interns , which is intended to ensure that internships are completed in conjunction with education and that the interns are not used as cheap labour .
At the same time , we are proposing more and better apprenticeships for young people during vocational training . 3