Today , however , the special system , based on the existence of operational funds , co-funded by the growers , has provided them with a means for better adapting their production to the needs of the market .
The report also contains certain measures which are urgently required in order to respond to certain problematic situations , such as , for example , low membership of associations in the new Member States , and it also provides responses to the particular problem of soft fruits , for which a whole series of measures are proposed with a view to improving both a system for fresh fruits and vegetables and the system for processed fruits and vegetables , without forgetting the need to extend the campaigns promoting production , placing emphasis on Community origin .     .
For these reasons , we want a reform that takes account both of Parliament 's report and of the demands of farmers themselves and , above all , that it be maintained and serve to improve agricultural income .
That is not protectionism .
The World Bank and the European Union are the two main world players in the fight against poverty and in the funding of development aid .
Last month the Commission proposed two additional and interrelated objectives for 2010 : an intermediate objective , for the whole of the Union , of 0.56 % of GDP in development aid , and an individual objective in official development aid for each of the Member States , which would be a minimum of 0.51 % for the Member States which belonged to the Union before enlargement and 0.17 % in 2010 for the new Member States .
This cooperation led to the Union 's participation in various trust funds , with a total contribution of more than EUR 1 500 million since 2000 .
They cover the coordination of our activities in the fields covered by the Union’s neighbourhood policy and over the coming months the memorandum of understanding is going to be extended to the new Member States and the candidate countries , with a view to including the Western Balkans .
And thus , despite the fact that , numerically , the Member States of the Union dominate the Bank’s governing council , overall they have less influence than the United States .
The Commission is working to improve the coordination of the European executive directors in Washington , but the ultimate objective must be unified representation of the Union within the governing bodies of the World Bank .
The European Union as such carries no weight in the World Bank .
Secondly , I will repeat what I said in my initial speech and something that has also been taken up by many of you : the need to make progress towards creating a single voice for the European Union in the World Bank and in other international institutions .
As you know , the European Commission does not participate in any way in that procedure , but Mr Wolfowitz will become President of the World Bank on 1 June .
This opportunity is in the hands of the political leaders of that country , who must demonstrate their firm commitment to true progress in the field of political reforms .
It is important to fight more effectively against corruption in all the countries of Central Asia , since this has been identified as one of the main causes of the events in Kyrgyzstan .
The process of dialogue could focus on concerns that are common to both regions : the fight against terrorism , trafficking in drugs and people , money-laundering , illegal immigration , energy , transport and increasing economic cooperation .
From a political point of view , energy has become a security issue .
In any event — as I also mentioned in my initial speech — the mechanisms available to us have been used and EUR 1.3 million has been allocated to ensuring that the electoral process takes place properly .
Finally , with regard to the particular case mentioned by Mr Maat in his speech — the case of violation of human rights — we do not currently have precise information about the case he has referred to .
The way we structure this Minister 's fundamental instrument , the Foreign Service , is therefore very important .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , Commissioner , I would like to begin by thanking everybody who has contributed to enriching this report , which we will vote on tomorrow , for their cooperation .
In pursuit of this objective , concrete and specific commitments must be achieved with dates and time limits by means of a transparent , effective and inclusive process of negotiation , in which all the member countries of the WTO participate fully .
In a process in which , since Seattle , there is great social interest , it appears essential to emphasise the role that democratic Parliaments must play as an expression of the citizens ’ views within international fora such as the WTO and , in the case of this Parliament , as a body responsible for democratic control of the Union’s trade policy and a future co-legislator in this field , once the European Constitution enters into force .
Aware of these problems , the rapporteur rightly raises the need to provide specific technical assistance and to create capacity in the developing countries ; the possibility of introducing a development compartment , for the least-developed countries , in the negotiations on agriculture ; promotion of South-South trade and the need for the emerging countries to continue to open up their markets to the least-developed countries ; and recognition that the principle of special and differentiated treatment should be the backbone , which would involve non-reciprocity in trade rounds , and which must be adaptable to the characteristics of each developing country .
This has been expressed repeatedly by Chinese leaders , particularly since the policy implemented by Deng Xiaoping .
Another