It is of course still the case that a sum of nearly EUR 40 000 was paid to a visiting scholar in breach of the Commission 's conditions , and this must naturally be looked into .
Certain unclear points in the Commission 's accounts therefore have to be explained before the accounts can be closed .
I am surprised to see that the Socialists are tabling an amendment which would do away with paragraph 1 of the Elles report , which is the vital one , stating that we recall our definitive decision not to grant discharge to the Commission in respect of the 1996 financial year .
In my view , it is to some extent a question of turning the principle of possibly being open when forced to be so into one of seeking to be as open as possible from the start .
However , I am holding fast to Mr Prodi 's commitment in this respect and I also hope that he understands that a great deal of effort will be needed as well , in order to achieve results .
But there is growing uncertainty about whether the objectives can be achieved by continued bombing alone .
What other alternative is there ?
To refuse to even prepare is to give Milosevic hope that there is , or may be , a better alternative for him .
For the Liberal Group , the answer to this question is quite clear .
Peace and tranquillity in the Balkans is a precondition for entry into Europe , and for the Balkan people too to have the chance to acquire a European identity .
In Kosovo , hundreds of thousands of Albanians are being held hostage , abused and raped by Serb soldiers .
In this case , I think they should read the interview given in Die Zeit by General Eisele , the German UN general , in which he says that it is not simply that this could turn into a long drawn-out war , but that it will drag on for four or five months before the first rescue force is able to intervene in Kosovo .
One has to understand that military means have their limitations .
Dictators fall sooner or later .
We must try non-violent methods , we must stop the war , and we must not allow it to result in the militarisation of the EU.
Mr President , Europe finds itself embroiled in war : a war into which it stumbled without having any real exit strategy ; a war with an obvious risk of spreading ; a war which it was planned to win in a couple of days , but which after five weeks has not abated ; a war which was launched to rescue people suffering ethnic cleansing and which has resulted in a million refugees ; a war which has turned resistance to Milosevic into support for him .
It is time to put forward a political solution to what is a political problem .
It is time for the UN to resume its rightful role and for the EU to call for a UN peacekeeping force in Kosovo , so that the refugees can return in safety .
Mr Rothley did not think there would be .
My sense of legal justice is deeply offended by the way in which the law is being used as a shield by so many people against what they do not want to face , or in order to avoid saying what is really at issue .
We Liberals have been prepared to accept , for the most part , the position of the Council .
It is vital that we now have a system where the rules governing what is acceptable in terms of expenses are clear , and we must have greater transparency when dealing with resources .
Mr President , monetary union will provide new opportunities for increased cross-border trade , which should definitely be encouraged .
This report is an important one , since it reinforces the internal market in financial services .
It is important to protect consumers , but the legislators should not be allowed to forget altogether that unduly complex legislation raises prices for consumers and hinders trade between people in the market .
So we cannot afford to be cautious , even to the point of being hostile towards the new technologies .
We have been forced to accept certain colouring agents in sweets and candies and in food products which could induce cancer and allergies , especially in children .
However , the question was not about a particular occurrence , but a generally held view that all too often no provision is made for the Swedish language when Swedish representatives are taking part in Council meetings .
Suspicion is already rife that there are plans to do away with the minority languages altogether in the EU context .
I am definitely not satisfied with the answer .
One such possibility would of course be to strengthen the right of employees to denounce irregularities and express criticism without being silenced or actively penalised , as was the case in the Commission .
I should be glad to hear the Council 's views on this , in other words whether openness can be further developed in the European Union .
The situation is very serious up in the north of the country .
Many jobs in the interior are disappearing and local authority finances are extremely stretched .
Equally , Objective 5b - which covers rural and island areas - is to be absorbed into Objective 2.
Mr President , I should like to begin by thanking the rapporteur for her report .
A balance does need to be struck , however , between agreements as such and legislation , and I shall be coming back to this .
Social security is not covered , as the social partners