I would also just like to mention the balance between potato starch and cereal starch .
What if we made it compulsory in certain ecologically sensitive areas , for example in Finnish waters , to use products that can be made from agricultural products , such as plastics that can be made from starch and biolubricants that can be made from protein-rich products in the south of Europe ?
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , the magnificent heritage that Venice represents is struggling with depopulation and mass tourism and is regularly under threat from flooding .
The main elements here are tax incentives for housing restoration , with special conditions for highly sensitive locations such as Venice , of course ; tax incentives for small and medium-sized firms providing employment without polluting the environment ; sustainable tourism models , perhaps with rules on limiting access in certain peak periods ; and measures to support the local economy based on the sustainable use of natural resources and the city 's historic heritage .
As for the Kai Islands , I shall come back to those tomorrow .
Parliament will be able to reach a far more balanced verdict on it in the next one .
I know the Socialist Group has tabled a very brief text with just a few paragraphs and perhaps the other texts may prompt a few changes to that , but I really do not see why something we should have got done last week is now being put off all of a sudden until Tuesday .
The events took place in 1995 , and only in 1999 is the Kingdom of Belgium asking us to waive the Member 's parliamentary immunity .
Those are the facts .
The fact is that all our Members enjoy immunity in their own countries on the terms enjoyed by members of their national parliaments , whereas we ought to be treated the same and to have a uniform statute .
A measure of support is now developing among the Social Democrats too for implementing these kinds of structural measures , which are so important for ensuring the internal stability of the euro : low inflation , which brings lower costs and which also enables more jobs to be created through the structural measures .
Popular support in the Member States for a tight financial and economic policy is an unpredictable factor .
It is more of an American-style cocktail which does nothing new to stimulate growth and merely makes for more social inequality and more uncertainty .
Secondly , we need a fiscal policy which is an incentive , rather than a disincentive , to employment .
It is this that the Cologne summit needs to understand , and I hope that somebody will listen .
I would urge the Commission to read this report by Parliament 's research departments .
And it will be .
Happily , however , ECB President Duisenberg made it clear at last Monday 's latest parliamentary hearing that the interest cut of 8 April was precisely an attempt to help kick-start the Union economy , in other words he acknowledged in so many words that monetary policy too has an economic function .
It is also the political nature of this report to put the discharge procedure in a broader perspective .
I hope the time will come when , like in the Committee on Budgets , we will work much more closely together with the Council on budget control .
Thirdly , we want to be a constructive Parliament .
I hear too often that national courts of auditors have a different role , that they cannot fulfil a function within the Community system .
I think European views on this are very different from those in the United States , and this too is something we must raise in the forthcoming talks .
I am happy to say it is the very last time !
If it is successful in creating jobs , it may cause a problem in Germany . '
The Commission once produced an interesting 'employment rate report ' in which it compared the rate of employment in the Union with that of the USA .
I am keen to hear the Commissioner 's response .
But I am glad that we are now able to debate a specific proposal here in the House .
So I really think this is a reversal of everything which Parliament has worked to secure .
Take for example her ideas on evaluating the experiments .
The rapporteur wants the specific results of the scheme to be evaluated , including prices , for instance .
Madam President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , on behalf of the Liberal Group , I welcome this Commission proposal .
I support the amendments which have been tabled , and I hope that the Council and the Commission will do so too .
My main point is that it is for Members , not the administration , to decide Parliament 's priorities .
For example , the Herman report on institutional reforms which can be carried out without amendment of the Treaty mentions reducing the number of portfolios and sharing them out rationally within the Commission , and striking the correct balance between the collective and individual responsibility of the Commission members .
Our group wants to see a politically balanced Commission , with men and women , which enjoys broad majority support in Parliament .
It is an important fact , Mr Prodi , that where Europe - as embodied in the European Union , in European countries and regions - is not present , where there is no solidarity within the European Union , war in Europe is still possible .
The Council will of course take an important decision in Cologne when it appoints Mr or Mrs CFSP.
In short , we do not have the