discovers what form farming will take after 2013 , bearing in mind the major developments offered by biotechnologies and the problems of feeding people that will inevitably arise .
The Daphne Programme to fight against violence against women proposed by Parliament and the Council more than six years ago covers all forms of abuse , other than domestic violence , suffered by women around the world .
Nevertheless , we should carefully examine the interim reports on this system since I wonder whether it might be more effective simply to outsource this security service , which , by nature , will only be needed for one-off incidents .
The sums in question are not inconsiderable .
In ten years , the Daphne budget has increased fivefold and now totals EUR 25 million per year .
Environmental tax is a means to help both citizens and the planet itself .
Our duty is to set out a framework which – you said it yourself , Commissioner – is modern and balanced , and which guarantees a high level of social standards , while still leaving the Member States sufficient room to manoeuvre .
This document has not yet formally entered into force , but it has the value of a political decision .
The medicine concerned may be either patented or a generic product .
There are few or no authorities to regulate and monitor product quality .
There are cases like this on a daily basis in the least advanced countries .
In China alone , the hub and empire of counterfeiting of every kind , 200 000 people were dying each year after having been treated with pirated medicines , including in a number of hospitals administered by the Chinese Red Cross .
The priority is , therefore , to encourage the development of public health policies in the countries concerned , as well as to encourage the establishment of states governed by the rule of law .
These people felt stigmatised inasmuch as they had to keep their suffering secret .
Together with my fellow Members , I hope that the Commission will take this approach further and that it will return to us with proposals based on those for which we shall vote tomorrow .
It must do away with those instances in the where there is a lack of coherence when it comes , for example , to consumer rights regarding retraction periods or information provided to the consumer .
For twenty years , the Europe of Brussels without borders , in collusion with our governments , has been abandoning our industries to competition from the Asian economies , which practice social dumping , letting in more than a million non-European immigrants each year , practising a genuine form of Malthusianism against our farmers and dismantling our social protection systems and our family policies .
The legislation certainly needs to be simplified , but that will do nothing to improve the situation of our fishermen .
Mistakes are made because people think that they have to be the ambassador of Israel or of Palestine .
Peace will only reign in Israel if there is a Palestinian State that is fit to live in .
Let us recall , firstly , that a State , Israel , is shelling and starving the civilian population of Gaza , is kidnapping ministers and politicians , who are going to join the 8 000 Palestinian prisoners already in detention , and has killed more than 200 people in this small region , which has become , according to the expression used by Mr Jan Egeland , the United Nations Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs , a ticking time-bomb .
At present , Europe must make the long-term choice between President Bush’s notion of the war against terrorism and a return to the fundamentals of international law .
What is more , that political solution is possible , over and above the despair of the different sides , the despair of the extremists from both camps .
The settlement is based solely on the recognition of sovereign States with secure and recognised borders .
We let it brew .
We , Mr Cohn-Bendit – myself and other fellow Members – mentioned Resolution 1559 in March 2005 .
Our road map has several objectives .
It is the insecurity and the growing suffering of the Israeli population of Galilee that have triggered hostilities against Hezbollah .
Balance does not lie in unilaterally and systematically stigmatising a single party to the conflict , in the event Israel .
What we should like to remedy – and this is what Mrs Dobolyi wanted to emphasise – are factual errors , shortcomings and deficiencies that are still extant .
Admittedly , the success of this initiative depends on the actors in the sector being properly consulted .
Mr  Frattini is proposing that we keep the same text and just change the legal basis , as denounced by the Court .
The budget has thus been substantially increased thanks to the contribution and the political support of the European Parliament .
Firstly , I am pleased that , as well as fires , floods have been added to the initial text .
On the one hand , we have a report , by Mrs Wallis , which proposes that we join the Hague Conference in order to unify the conflict-of-laws rules , and that seems an excellent approach to me .
The Union must not grow weak , Commissioner , on environmental policy , as its cunning game of simplifying and merging the European legal texts would suggest that it has a tendency to do .
Pollution moves and reaches areas that are not in themselves sources of pollution .
This report highlights the need for consistency and cooperation , something that some Members call the ‘integrated approach ’ and that the European Commission communication echoes .
However , the Council has pointed out on more than one occasion that the area of education is a responsibility of the Member States .
