The convergence requirements for public-sector debt , low inflation etc make it all the more necessary to specify objectives in respect of environmental debt and the reduction of unemployment .
Fiscal redirection , a switch from tax on labour to taxes on raw materials and energy , a planned reduction of working hours , a growth policy geared directly to green jobs , to environmental technology , and a drive to create many small and medium-sized enterprises are what Europe needs .
I have tabled this motion , because too much confidence is placed in the positive effects of tax reductions .
Paragraph 23 conveys a certain surprise that public expenditure in the Union amounts to around 50 % of GDP.
That , Mr President , is precisely why the many tax reforms during the 1980s and 1990s , in Sweden for example , did not bring down unemployment but increased it .
A strong public sector with a well developed social insurance system is the surest way to strengthen people 's confidence in the future .
The Capital Adequacy Directive prompts reflection on the bank crises which have occurred , in Sweden and Finland for example , and the Investment Services Directive perhaps directs our thoughts more to the Barings Bank failure in the wake of the Singapore affair .
Now that the Commission is proposing to set up a securities committee , consisting of representatives of the Member States , it can be seen as an improvement that this committee will replace an ad hoc committee that did not even have appointed members and hence operated within a grey area between exercising authority and exerting unofficial influence .
As regards the relationship between the Commission 's and the Legal Affairs Committee 's proposals , the differences do not appear that great , either on matters of principle or in practical respects .
I also take the liberty of adding a few comments of my own .
Another point worth making here is that Europe and the West are responsible , or at least partly responsible , for tendencies to social breakdown and the collapse of public structures that characterize a number of countries in the Third World .
These effects persist today and , in the light of the demands imposed by the HIV problem , are extremely destructive and create a worse starting position than should have been the case .
The burden of proof in showing that the alternative is better should rest with those who claim that it should not be subject to equal conditions .
That is not the case .
However , that has more to do with technical development and increases in efficiency than with the process of deregulation .
In the same way , those countries that want to deregulate must be allowed to do so .
Few know how to distance themselves from and create something constructive out of such situations .
With such courses arranged on a broad front , Europe would be better equipped for the work of giving our children and young people tolerant and humanistic ideals .
Legislation against racially motivated crimes is self-evident .
But we Liberals are strongly opposed to legislating against views and prejudices as such .
It would be a victory for the anti-democrats and a defeat for faith in the power of argument .
Mr President , I should like to ask Commission President Santer what message your communication sends to young unemployed people .
The other matter I should like to have explained concerns what you said about the importance of sound economic management , that EMU is our ally and that there is a broad consensus in favour of EMU.
My question concerns how the Commission President sees it ; does he think it is compatible with today 's convergence policy and the convergence criteria for monetary union that demand and investment should today be maintained through the Member States ' national budgets ?
I cannot accept the inverted racism which means that the suppression of freedom in Arab countries is acceptable on account of their culture and traditions .
The Security Council recently decided to extend the Minurso mandate in the hope that it will be possible to resume identification work .
There should be no doubt about that .
I often think that we find ourselves having to choose between commercial interests and democratic values .
It is important that the countries which are admitted to the Council of Europe respect the fundamental rules and principles which the institution is in fact there to safeguard .
Croatia at present does not do this .
There are also extremely worrying developments in Croatia as regards press freedom .
Such provisions are totally inappropriate in a democratic state .
Madam President , in many respects the report which we are currently debating is a positive document which takes the offensive .
The UN has declared today World Environment Day .
In the same way as peace was the great vision when the EU was first established , and still is of course , the challenge of solving Europe 's environmental problems should , as the 21st century draws near , be the vision which inspires all of us who are involved in some way in the European political arena .
As a result the cars in circulation are simply getting older and older as time goes by - and from the environmental point of view , worse and worse .
It will presumably be battery power or some form of hybrid engine which will have to be made available commercially instead .
It would , Madam President , be one of the best investments we could make for the next generation .
We Greens believe that it is important to create the right conditions for innovation but perhaps not so much in order to compete with the USA and Japan as to move towards a sustainable society with environmentally