Committee on Culture are very positive , and we believe that only if they are adopted will Raphael be able to assume its proper role as a genuine reference point for safeguarding and developing Europe 's cultural heritage .
Finally , I hope that it might also be possible to draw on Raphael for the restoration of cultural assets damaged by natural events such as earthquakes , fires and floods .
So it is now time for the Commission to give some substance to the Raphael programme - and Parliament has , to my mind , offered a wealth of suggestions .
It is a matter of adapting the recognition of specialisms to medical progress : specializations change , and sometimes the minimum period for acquiring them can change , as can the content of training courses .
The same goes for Amendment No 3 which , without putting forward any solutions , indicates in a recital that some reflection is also necessary on degrees and diplomas obtained by Community nationals from foreign universities .
Nor do we say very much about protecting our citizens , in particular children , the elderly and workers .
It is all very well to create new jobs , but more professional development in existing jobs is also needed , so that workers can remain competitive in what is a changing and increasingly international market .
Indeed , Mr Santer has quite rightly acknowledged that Europe is not managing to assume its rightful role in the world , at least in relation to its economic and commercial significance and to the scale of its financial commitments in terms of development aid .
If it cannot project itself to the outside world in this way , moreover , even the Europe of today , the Europe of 15 , will withdraw forlornly into its shell .
More specifically , you touched on what is of the greatest concern to me - security - and mentioned several areas where it must be upheld : drugs , terrorism and organized crime .
It has been said that Europe is sick ; well , the first injection to cure it is an injection of confidence , and confidence comes from the transparency and credibility of our institutions .
Therefore , the risk being run by the European Union in imposing these cuts - and in this context I think the recent elections in Austria and Finland give both ourselves and the Council food for thought - is that the lack of confidence in Europe will increase , a sentiment which I am afraid is becoming ever more widespread among our fellow citizens .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , in this House , it would seem somewhat superfluous to advocate the need for a special Guarantee Fund to promote cinema and television production in Europe .
We cannot continue to tolerate the attitude shown by the governments on 11 June , whereby when there is disagreement over some aspects of a proposal , however important they may be , it is simply consigned to the waste-paper basket and thus denied any dignity , value or urgency .
But this vicious circle is putting tens of thousands of people out of work every year .
Fine , that can be discussed - but as a matter of urgency .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , on behalf of my group , I should like to begin by paying tribute and offering sincere thanks to the general rapporteur , Mr Brinkhorst , and to the rapporteur for the other institutions , Mr Fabra Vallés , for having carried out what is undoubtedly one of the most arduous tasks of the parliamentary year .
I hope that this trend will be corrected on Thursday , allowing us to hope that in next year 's amending budget it will be possible to reinstate some of the appropriations left out of our humanitarian aid budget .
Mr President , economic and social cohesion has recently received considerable political attention - officially , at least .
The first is the glaring discrepancy between political ideas and action .
The third contradiction is a corollary of the first two , demonstrating clearly how in practice these cutbacks serve to weaken European solidarity , which is the principle underpinning economic and social cohesion .
In our view , the Council 's decision to reduce these appropriations is all the more unfortunate because it is now that the regions are in most need of help on their way towards Community integration .
Here are a few examples : first , staffing policy .
Here , Parliament itself is the cause of the scandal .
At its last part-session , the House voted unanimously in favour of a resolution calling for a clear commitment not only from the Council but also from the Commission - to the extent that it is competent - to act in accordance with the recommendations of the preparatory committee for the United Nations sixth committee , namely that a date should be set in 1998 for the work of the constituent conference of the Court .
In general terms , the plan sets out a series of measures designed to bring about the elimination and destruction of drift nets , as well as the withdrawal of licences for this type of fishing , in exchange for Community and national financial aid to offset the social and economic consequences of this ban in certain regions of southern Italy which fall within Objective 1 and typically have a high rate of unemployment , with very little likelihood of alternative work .
I hope that the honourable Members are also aware of the likely budgetary constraints in 1997 , especially in the fisheries sector .
The provision of funding to implement the plan is subject to the usual rules governing the Structural Funds and their disbursement .
