The Pisa survey in the educational field has shown how a youth report to be drawn up every three years , with comparable statistics and indicators from the Member States and the candidate countries , can serve as a significant basis for a broadly-based debate and for further political decisions , but there is a need for other coordinated measures as well , for example - as the catastrophe in Erfurt shows - to prevent violence .
European youth policy , too , must attach great value to this .
We all know that investment in the young means investing in something that will make up the wealth of our society both today and in the future .
This is seen especially in the extent to which young people take part in elections at national and European level .
If we ignore young people 's interests , our European home will rest on unsteady foundations , for the young of today are tomorrow 's future !
We adopted this Commission proposal with a very great deal of goodwill .
As the whole business struck me as a bit too dry , I took the liberty of devising a climax for this sporting year , and my fellow members of the committee went along with me .
All day long , there are young people sitting in the galleries and now their issues are being discussed there is , unfortunately , nobody there .
It worked , and the same thing can also - must also - work in sport .
The European Central Bank 's independence - which I must re-emphasise today - is truly a constituent element in European Monetary Union .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , it is due to the imminent departure of the French Vice-President , Mr Noyer , that we are today debating the nomination of Mr Lukas Papademos .
I have my own difficulties with the use of embryos for research .
Co-funding will be impossible for as long as a compromise of that sort is not reached .
In saying this , I would like to give you an assurance that Parliament is interested in this .
If we add all the agricultural policy outgoings together , they amount to a total of EUR 48.7 billion allocated to this area .
I would like to observe that our agricultural policy will have different rates of increase .
It is endowed with an overall EUR 17.5 billion up to 2006 .
The Commission proposes to set aside EUR 25 million for this purpose , for example , to give financial support to a risk capital programme .
Thank you very much !
The second is that anyone comparing the Lisbon objectives with reality will be aware how much there is still to be done , and will see that there have been substantial delays in their being put into practice .
Opinions will differ to a marked degree as regards the Guidelines .
A mistake has been made .
Obstacles of that sort make it scarcely possible to speak in terms of a common internal market !
In addition , though , we do of course need help on the spot , in other words , measures to create stability and provide help in the countries of origin .
One can take as examples of this the encouragement of cross-border cooperation as well as the increased integration of the Kaliningrad area into European transport and telecommunications structures .
My report includes a number of proposals for a way ahead on this .
Also , I do not wish to talk for longer than necessary , but I would just like to thank everyone who has helped in preparing the report , which Commissioner Patten has said the Commission will take into account in the negotiations at the Moscow Summit .
Since the Second World War , the peoples of the world have given the UN Security Council many rights and a high degree of responsibility for security and for maintaining peace .
So this is a very topical subject and I would like to ask you a very specific question : has the Czech Republic officially informed you that this decree is no longer in force ?
This applies primarily to private investment needed to create production capacity and jobs which would make this sustainable growth possible in the longer term , but which would also promote technological progress and thus contribute in turn to increased demand .
In spite of the many rules already in place , it has to be said that there are many shortcomings in the way the Community has shaped food law up to now .
The Regulation on the hygiene of foodstuffs was significantly modified by the committee , with almost 200 amendments , and I believe that this regulation now provides a better legal basis .
As a rule these will be sectoral and national guidelines which are to be drawn up by many interested parties .
We have now presented a proposal that the Commission also finds acceptable .
This is neither unusual nor anything special .
I would lastly like to thank the Commission for its constructive cooperation and I hope that will continue .
Mr Patten rightly referred to Kyoto and climate policy .
So we need to take more note of economic realities and translate them into political thinking .
Mr President , Mr President-in-Office , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I wish to thank both the two previous speakers and the two rapporteurs for their work .
It is highly ominous that the production of tritium for hydrogen bombs , which stopped in 1988 , is to start up again and that a new factory manufacturing plutonium parts for atom bombs is to be built .
We disagree .
Trained hunters already take full responsibility for the healthy state of