Our laws need to be correctly applied and implemented , otherwise our efforts as policy- and lawmakers are in vain .
Whether it is a matter of better regulation or of lawmaking , what is important is the way in which the initiative for the law is taken .
How , in these circumstances , can we talk to the citizens about accessibility and transparency with any credibility ?
I am surprised that it includes as its main principle the recasting of the regulation on organic farming , when even the producers in this sector are not asking for that , and that proposals as important as those on the status of the mutual benefit associations and of the European Association have , at the same time , been withdrawn from the legislative programme .     Madam President , I quite agree here with those who think that a slimming diet would be good for the Europe of regulation , a Europe that is fussy about principles and , sadly , more lax about the monitoring of the transposition and proper application of our legislation .
They reach agreement on a text , provided that each of their respective bureaucracies recognises in it all of the standards that are to feature in the joint text , then the text is passed to Parliament and Parliament appoints a rapporteur .
While we are waiting for it to be ratified , we have to wonder about the proper application of these principles .
Instead of rebuilding the initial enthusiasm , with citizens who were supposed to identify with the project , the Commission and Parliament are setting themselves up as judges .
We therefore agreed with Parliament’s decision to reject the European Council’s cut-price compromise of last December .
The momentum initiated last autumn has put Europe and our institutions back at the centre of the debate .
There will be resistance , but there is resistance because there is change .
We believe that the time has come to hold meetings in the various Member States , something that we are going to do from autumn onwards .
That approach of partnership between the Council , the Commission and Parliament is essential .
As for SMEs , I was glad that the Commission received support for its approach on state aid rules and for cutting administrative burdens .
We decided to put that matter under constant review , monitoring it every year at the spring Council .
Mr President , Mr Barroso , Mr Schüssel , Mr Winkler , Mr Barrot , I would not wish to provoke Mr Schulz into taking the floor again by pointing out to him that my group could certainly agree with the last remarks made by Mr Watson on the Italian situation .
As you are well aware , in the next 20 years we will be faced with the problem of funding social security systems in nearly every country in Europe .
The European Council launched an ambitious strategy promoting a secure , competitive and sustainable energy supply for Europe .
This report introduces new lines of thought in relation to communication , to citizens ’ projects with a transnational dimension and , above all , to a duty of ‘active European remembrance’ , which is a unifying initiative aimed at commemorating the victims of the mass deportations and exterminations carried out under the Nazi and Communist regimes .
That is why I support the Belgian Federal Government’s decision to keep certain conditions of access to the job market until 2009 at the latest .
The idea of backtracking and of acknowledging the State of Israel on the basis of the 1967 borders is already , in itself , a negotiation , because it implies that Israel itself recognises this drawing from 1967 .
Not even Israel can do that .
In Nablus , in the West Bank , young people under the age of 30 are no longer allowed to leave their town !
It was in this spirit that I proposed the idea of making our own institution act as a catalyst : it could decide to hold its Conference of Presidents in East Jerusalem with the aim of sending a real message of peace to all of the key figures there .     Mr President , I should like to begin by making some observations .
That corresponds to a reduction of 17.5 % in four years .
In concluding this first point , I should like to confirm that our assessment of the progress made in the field of road safety will continue on an annual basis .
In the light of these inspections , the Commission proposed , at the end of 2005 , the revision of Regulation 2320/2002 , which is currently being looked into by the Committee on Transport and Tourism and for which you , Mr Costa , are the rapporteur .
As regards the security of ships , the average investment stands at EUR 100 000 , with running costs of around EUR 25 000 per year .
Let me assure you that we will have completed this report by the beginning of the summer .
Extraordinary progress has been made over the past 50 years .
Sadly , the Commission ’s proposals are woefully inadequate , and things are not about to improve on the back of the famous agreement on the financial perspective .
Against this backdrop , the Commission has proposed changes to the regulations as regards the application of exceptional market support measures .
It is essential , in fact , that both the Permanent Assembly and the missions share a joint vision of matters .
The EDF surplus also poses a problem .
The role of the JPA is therefore very precious in the context of the Cotonou Agreements .
This is therefore a crucial battle that we must fight to the end , one that has become somewhat more complex with the advent of economic globalisation , due to the