There has been a lot of focus on IRELA , the Institute for European-Latin American Relations that has now been closed down .
I am not sorry that the Institute has been closed down .
OLAF is at present in the process of concluding an internal investigation to clarify whether disciplinary procedures need to be instituted .
I should like to ask the Commission what the situation is regarding those repayments .
This showed that it is possible to admit to a mistake and then change the rules .
There is then the issue concerning the Stockholm Representation which , on the other hand , cannot be brought to a conclusion .
I should like finally to say thank you for one and a half year ' s worth of sound cooperation and , in particular , to thank Commissioner Schreyer .
As it turned out , it was not just cooperation but more along the lines of a good friendship , through which we have achieved fantastic results .
That is something for which I should very much like to convey my thanks here in this House and , if this is to be the pattern for the future , then it is really something we can build further upon .
It has been really splendid .
Mr President , I am sorry to take the floor again , but I am a little surprised that there is a report from Mr Van Buitenen of which I have been unaware .
He smashes and destroys European cooperation because his life ' s work is to set himself up in opposition and to carry out assignments we cannot live with .
He is a thorn in the side of all of us .
Mr President , the report contains a long list of good intentions for the South Caucasus , which is undoubtedly an unstable problem area .
I therefore wish to emphasise that , even if the possibility of EU membership is only mentioned as a long-term prospect , these countries do not constitute natural candidates for EU membership .
I should like to add a few remarks on Amendment No 2 to paragraph 15 .
I think it wise of Mr Duff to propose a formula that simply talks about reconciling historical differences .
I would therefore call for a vote in favour of the amendment .
That is not the way to achieve the normalisation of economic and diplomatic relations .
There are air links between the countries , and Armenian citizens are able to travel into Turkey .
What the EU can do is work towards a combined negotiated solution to the issues that divide the two countries .
The European Parliament will not promote a solution by setting itself up as a judge of events in the distant past .
We support Amendment No 2 from Mr Duff and others which urgently calls upon Turkey and Armenia to cooperate in resolving their historic disagreements with a view to improving their cultural , economic and diplomatic links .
Mr President , the European Union faces great challenges over the next few years , challenges which all demand greater involvement on the part of the public .
The objective of such a policy must be to see information and communication from the citizen 's point of view and , in this connection , two factors must be taken into consideration .
Instead , they see everything in terms of Brussels .
Therefore , the key messages in this report are those relating to coordination and decentralisation .
It is very gratifying that the Commission and Parliament have resumed and strengthened their cooperation in the Interinstitutional Group on Information and , when the group meets tomorrow , we can also feel very pleased that the Council is participating for the first time in this important coordination of the work .
Decentralisation means that the tasks of providing information are delegated to the representations in the Member States , together with the responsibility for these and the necessary financial resources .
At present , far too much information about the EU is provided in too general a form with , for example , the same brochure being translated into 11 languages .
However , people in Lapland and Sicily may not necessarily have the same requirements , in terms either of the content of the information or in the way they receive it .
Coordination is understood as overall high-level planning , that is to say at the level of the Interinstitutional Group on Information .
This report concerns the frameworks for information and communication .
Where the frameworks , or tools , are concerned , we know that more than 60 % of people want to receive their information from the television .
The 'C-SPAN' model from the United States , 'BBC Parliament ' in Britain and the German parliamentary channel , ' Phoenix' , as well as DK4 in Denmark are various models that can be considered at European Union level .
This is a service that has already been very well received by the people of Europe .
When we turn to the content of this policy , we must also proceed on the basis of what people want , and what they want is information about those matters close to their everyday lives , such as food safety , employment , the environment , traffic , human genetics and so on .
Information must be as reliable , unbiased and pluralist as possible , and those who provide it must be accountable .
Where pluralism is concerned , people could , of course , be made aware of points of view other than those of the institutions by means of Internet links from European institution web sites to the web sites of Eurosceptics , NGOs and others .
It will cost money to turn this report into a reality .
On the other hand , the