Thirdly , many States ' laws on insurance and banking already impose strict duties of consultation and information , which are binding also on brokers .
As I have said , the Committee on Industry , External Trade , Research and Energy could not follow us down this road , and so , together with Mr Fiori , I have tabled an amendment that follows the line taken by the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Policy , which is also taken in the United States .
That , though , is how things are these days .
In the former Soviet Union , today , there are still enormous stockpiles of biological and chemical agents that cannot be destroyed for lack of the necessary funds and often also of the necessary technology .
With the research framework programme , we want to make a contribution to enhancing the competitiveness of European industry .
I would like to raise two issues .
I would also like to take this opportunity to express my thanks for the cooperation with the Commission .
This House must therefore look very closely to determine how much continuity exists between the Fifth and Sixth Framework Programmes , how reliable the instruments used by the Commission are , and how this money is spent .
It is indeed time for the European Union to revise its strategy on relations with Latin America .
The association agreement with Chile will , we hope , be signed in Madrid in May .
I very much hope , too , that the Commission will adopt the amendments proposed by this House .
We therefore propose that the defensive mechanism should be applicable at least for the duration of the current Regulation on aid to shipbuilding , Regulation 1540/98 , which expires on 31 December 2003 , or possibly until the conclusion of the WTO proceedings .
In line with Ms Randzio-Plath 's proposals , we want to extend the categories of ships to include ferries for trains , persons and road vehicles , as well as natural gas and petroleum gas tankers , and we want to extend the term until 2003 ; in other words , we are in favour of a two-year period .
Mr President , I view the expiry of the Euratom Treaty as an opportunity for Europe to phase out nuclear energy .
I welcome the fact that our American friends are involving the United Nations in this way .
From our group 's point of view , it is essential that we act jointly , not only at the level of intergovernmental cooperation .
On the other hand , we must acknowledge that in the military field , where we are particularly weak , we have continued to rely heavily on bilateralism and directed solutions .
Does the Commission think this should be considered in Europe as well ?
It is wrong to point to the USA alone .
Last summer in Austria I , myself , unintentionally parked illegally and felt dreadfully guilty .
The euro zone will be a domestic market within the internal market .
That is why I welcome both the tone and form of the regulation .
It is not on quite simply because the financial institutions have , for some considerable time , had the technical means to carry out transfers , honour cheques and make card payments quickly and at a reasonable cost .
The question of whether the minimum excise duty should be EUR 140 , 120 , 100 , 80 or 60 is also undoubtedly significant in connection with health protection , but not for the opinion of the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market .
May I ask you whether the Commission is of the view that tobacco products , like Commissioners , should be assessed not on their packaging but on their content ?
There are no plans to organise another forum with all of the stakeholders , as was done before the Lisbon meeting .
I would take this report as a further direct indication of how extremely important and urgent it is to reform the European Union 's common fisheries policy , a task which is occupying all of us at the moment .
Air passengers ' confidence has fallen leading to a reduction in passenger numbers , losses have been incurred because of the closure of American airspace and airports , insurance cover has been withdrawn and there has been a decline in the numbers of tourists from the USA and the Far East : these are the main causes , as is the cancellation or postponing of orders for new aircraft .
Probably there will be a number of larger global players and some regional airlines .
Madam President , I gather from the display that the next report is the Bouwman report .
.
Over the last few weeks I have been investigating the consequences of the Schörling Report by talking to those whom it will affect .
Before the second reading in Parliament , I hope that the three committees working on this will put their heads together and come up with a more balanced proposal .
The European Union should not , however , be indifferent to what is happening in this the most populous country in Africa .
The acts are horrendous , and it is high time that the government and the president of this country found a way out of the crisis .
With this in mind , we are looking forward to the Year of Disabled People , because we hope that it will sharpen the focus of our work and that we will be able to take further initiatives to eliminate the injustices and barriers which exist in our society .
I beg you , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , to use all your influence to ensure that the fifteen