.
If we ask about the difference between our modern , open society and another society marked by classes and castes , the answer is clear : in our open society competition has become the order , the principle on which our culture is based .
This is an excellent report and it was a pleasure to work with you .
I am not going to put my credit card number on the Internet just like that .
That is why Mr Harbour , on behalf of the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market , has introduced the proposal to amend the Treaty .
We know from experience in this House that the agenda is very often changed .
I have already mentioned that we have now at last received the common position on the distance marketing of financial services .
Mr President , Commissioner , we have now reached the last item on the agenda and I hope that the crush of Members will not now be too much .
The extent to which the banks will participate is an open question here .
And finally , as the Huhne report recommends , future legislation should be harmonised with the legal terms used in this code .
But since the consumer side has relatively few resources available , concrete measures must be taken if the voluntary agreement is not kept .
Monitoring measures will therefore be very important .
I fully support this objective .
I believe that when we talk about poverty , we must also identify tangible measures for the reform of the WTO .
There is another important problem , which is how to prevent the sick from being ostracized .
Had I voted in favour of this resolution , I would have given my support to a questionable and arbitrary act .
This applies not only to some Members of this House but also to the Council , whose vote last Thursday on the Directive on Distance Marketing of Financial Services I greatly regret .
Thirdly , this is a multiethnic state .
In recent years , nothing was done to enable the Albanian minority - a substantial 28 percent of the population - to participate genuinely as citizens on an equal footing .
That must not happen .
What is very important is that we must finally begin to recognise that this country is our partner , based on the Stabilisation and Association Agreement .
Injustice and the suppression of press freedom have increased , as has the suppression of religious freedom .
This is not a clash of civilisations ; it is not a campaign against Islam .
There are many other examples , but one thing , above all , must not be allowed to happen : we must not withdraw from responsibility now that the foundation stone for an independent state has been laid and abandon the people who are only gradually beginning to recover from the trauma of the dreadful events of 1999 .
The situation is further exacerbated by the fact that disunity is incited from outside , and the neighbouring states in this region could try to impede or halt the democratisation process for their own interests .
I therefore appeal to you , Commissioner , to put President Putin 's words to the test .
Nor should we ignore the extent to which the BRCA patents are impeding research in Europe .
A discovery must not be recast as an invention .
They - and the courts - decide on this issue , nobody else !
Even the Federal Government once appealed against a patent which had been awarded by the Patent Office in 1999 .
Mr President , there is no doubt that nuclear power installations are not wholly safe from terrorist attacks .
We should identify the dangerous sites and improve the protection of targets .
This promotion was maintained only by a successor programme , GROTIUS Programme Civil , which was limited to one year .
This responsibility is likely to increase rather than decrease in the future .
The suggestion that a regulatory committee should be in place to deal with all matters concerning the system 's architecture and with data protection issues , also goes against Council decision 468/99 .
However much the direction taken by the report 's contents may be worthy of approval , in this respect there must be clear improvement .
A detailed examination of the GROTIUS programme led to the conclusion that a new , more general , framework for activities in this field was needed .
It is becoming clear what this update of the Schengen Information System amounts to .
That in itself is an important contribution by Europe to stabilising the international monetary system .
I would like to emphasise again that I believe stability in financial markets to be a public good to which all citizens are entitled .
The introduction of the euro is a contribution to financial stability , and our financial system is better protected against external shocks , but we must move on , for the monetary union is only one contribution to stability in Europe and the world .
We demand of the Member States economic policies geared to growth and employment , and we demand the cancellation of debt , subject to appropriate economic and political conditions .
That is subsidiarity .
They are ready and willing to share responsibility for significant strategies that make their firms more competitive .
The first of these is the new theme of work quality , on which we in Parliament agree with the initiative of the Commission and the Belgian Presidency , which have also made the quality of work a pre-eminent item on the agenda .
I appeal also to the Member States , to the Council and to the Belgian Presidency to have the courage to initiate a public debate on employment policy in Europe .
