For us the open coordination method is very important .
We want to see it strengthened in relation to employment .
We want to see it also applied to social exclusion and social protection .
I am glad to hear what Nicole Perry had to say to us today in that respect .
Open coordination seems to be regarded by many as a soft option and I have no doubt that is why it is being supported in certain quarters .
It cannot be a soft option .
We will insist at every possible opportunity that it has to entail indicators and benchmarks and proper peer-group review and that there should be a part for Parliament in that procedure .
We also support social dialogue but we insist that the Commission should manage that procedure properly and that where negotiations fail we should have an expeditious introduction of legislation where necessary .
Paragraph 14 lists a number of points we think are important .
I cannot go into them all in the time available but let me stress for us the importance of those paragraphs relating to the need to update the framework of legislation relating to restructuring .
Again I was pleased to hear what Nicole Perry has said today .
I have not heard similarly encouraging things so far from the Commission in relation to , for example , the need to update the European Works Council Directive , or relating to collective redundancies and transfers .
We also , of course , place considerable emphasis upon the general framework relating to information and consultation to make sure that industrial change is managed with social responsibility .
Mr President , if the rapporteur will allow me I will start by saying where I agree with her and - if the rapporteur will forgive me - that may not take long .
Of course , colleagues and I share her ideals for a better standard of living for all the peoples of Europe , for a better quality of life and for promotion of social inclusion .
Where I part company is on her proposals or - as Stephen Hughes said - her prescriptions to secure that end , because her proposals will lead us further away from those ideals rather than towards achievement .
Various speakers have talked about the Lisbon Summit today .
That was hailed six months ago as a very important summit .
Mention was made there of a new direction for Europe : moving away from the social regulation agenda of the 1980s towards enterprise , innovation , competition and employment .
However , the report says something slightly different : whereas Lisbon calls for a reform of the social model , it calls for reinforcement ; whereas Lisbon calls for liberation of enterprise and more flexibility , the report proposes four new or amended directives and a number of legislative initiatives .
The report sets out the standard Socialist solution throughout the ages of legislation , legislation , legislation .
What we need to pursue our common goals is not more regulation , but less .
We do not want more burdening of business , we want less .
We do not want more unemployment , we want less .
The original Commission proposal was much better left unamended - congratulations Commissioner .
I propose that we leave it unamended and we reject the report , otherwise we will give the clearest possible signal that Parliament is continuing to pursue the old agenda .
Surely it is time to move on .
I would like to congratulate Mrs Eriksson on an excellent report and the Commission on an excellent strategy for gender equality .
It encompasses all those areas where action is needed and , if successfully coordinated , could make a real difference to women in all aspects of their everyday lives .
This could work if the framework strategy were an integral part of the programme , as an annex to it .
This would ensure the implementation of the programme and I therefore support the comments made by the rapporteur earlier on .
There has not been a shortage of good ideas or good plans to achieve equality in the past but their implementation has often failed .
This time the Commission is putting forward a new approach .
It is very welcome but it is only valuable if it can actually be made to work .
That means also reaching women in their own communities .
The involvement of local and regional authorities in this process is invaluable .
They are the largest employers across the Member States and the central providers of education , training and economic development and , as such , they are key players in achieving equality .
I hope due regard will be paid to them in the final programme .
Mr President , I should like to thank Mrs Riis-Jørgensen for her contribution and for her cooperation in relation to these two reports .
They have been taken in joint debate because common issues apply .
I endorse much of the agenda that has been set by Mrs Riis-Jørgensen .
I should like to begin somewhat unusually by congratulating the Commission on a document it published back in June 1999 - the Community rules on state aid , what I might call the "idiot 's guide " to the operation of the state aid scheme .
It is helpful in that it sets out the Treaty provisions , the definitions of state aid and also the exemptions from the ban on state aid .
In the course of preparing my report , I have had to struggle with that particular conundrum .
There are those in this House who will wish to emphasise the exemptions ; however , I wish to make it clear that for the most part the operation of state aid works against free competition within a single market .
The single market is essential in terms of promoting the interests