key work , Agenda 2000 , and faced two major crises , that of the Commission , and the much more serious one of the war in Kosovo .
If many of us feared seven years ago , that Europe had been killed in Sarajevo , our President is all the more right when he says this morning that a new Europe should be born in Pristina .
One of these obligations which I feel should be mentioned in particular , as it is not mentioned often enough , is that of professional secrecy , which , in accordance with Article 287 of the Treaty , applies to Commissioners indefinitely after leaving office .
How much control do European institutions have over the subsidies and advantages gained by private companies such as Telefónica or others , and what control is there over the use that these companies make of them ?
So , ladies and gentlemen , let us not allow European farming to go mad .
Member States must not be made to feel that they are being singled out for blame if we ask them to make these inspections .
We also believe that it is criminal to allow dangerous dioxins to spread into the human food chain .
The first would be to amend European legislation which has shown obvious shortcomings .
Firstly , it decided to work on a Charter which will bring together citizens ' basic rights already in force throughout the Union , but it did not state exactly what legal basis it should end up having , nor what it would add to current legislation .
Concerning the actual decisions taken , although I welcome the efforts devoted to employment and the decision on a ' European Employment Pact ' , I must state my unhappiness about the gains which were made and the concrete proposals put forward .
This is assuming that there will not be an irrevocable decision on Mr Öçalan , especially an execution .
This traceability is essential for food safety .
It is an absolute scandal .
During this World Cup , ladies and gentlemen , you saw thousands of little Zidanes and Marcel Desaillys , coming from the working-class neighbourhoods of Marseilles , Toulouse and Strasbourg to applaud the exploits of the great Zidane and the great Desailly , but also those of the great Owen , the great Beckham , and the great Di Pietro .
Another document had already been produced on this subject , proposing an analysis which was , in my view , lucid and pertinent .
Why was it not improved ?
This is , in fact , the first obstacle which OLAF , the anti-fraud office , faces when it wishes to expedite a case against the staff of the European institutions in national courts of law .
The fact is , we have heard of many instances of irregularities , of non-observance of the Community Charter of Basic Social Rights for Workers within the European Parliament , especially in sub-contracting firms .
We have heard the new Commissioner , Mrs Wallström , whom we questioned on the matter of the effectiveness of laws .
Generally , the responses of the Commission to all these ethical questions are far too conventional : they do not have the ambition which generates major projects .
Do I also have to remind you of the Copenhagen Declaration on social development with its very ambitious handling of the North-South divide and the divisions within the North between rich and poor : the European Union made a number of commitments in this regard , none of which has to date been upheld .
Mr Prodi in fact thinks himself the head of government of a European super-state , and sees no solution to problems other than promoting ever greater integration , ever greater unification , ever greater limitation of national authority .
And then , at a certain point , we will be faced with an issue of civilisation , not between the civilisation of Maimonides , Averros or Saint Augustine , but between that of the Islamists , who carry out bombing in Moscow or massacres in East Timor , and the sophisticated civilisation which you represent .
Regarding the subject of growth which you dealt with in your introductory presentation , our commitments to the people who elected us are those of sustainable and less inegalitarian growth , going in the opposite direction to the structural tendencies which we observe today .
It is not a worthless rubber cheque , Mr President , as we are aware of the developments in relation to the previous Commission .
The work programme which you presented today , as you have reported it to us and as it has been implemented for several years now , does not live up to expectations .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , these are the reasons why we are appealing to the House ' s wisdom , its moderation and , above all , to its respect for the rights of minorities which , until now , it must be said , it has not observed with any great distinction .
It is your duty , as defender of the common interests of Europe , and it is our duty as the people ' s representatives , to give this action clarity , and this is why we are defending , as you know , the idea of a constitution , of working towards a European constitution .
I do not share Mr Bolkestein' s political ideals , but he is entirely within his rights to remain active within the Liberal International .
I hope that we will be able to see , by the beginning of the year 2000 , a much larger portrait of Europe .
But we are anxious to find out who in your team will be responsible for the development and the drafting of the Charter of Rights .
