will increase the agricultural area by 29 % and the number of agricultural holdings by 74 % .
We also believe the proposal to make direct payments to semi-subsistence farmers is a sensible one , but we suggest this be raised from EUR 750 to EUR 1 500 .
We should not lose sight of 2004 , because the new Commission starts work in 2005 and the new commissioners from the new Member States would already have to be represented here by then .
And I want to expressly say that I do not regard history , which in many cases was one of conflict and not of commonality , as a reason to block enlargement .
So far , they have been set up in only seven candidate countries and regrettably only a small amount of the funding has been disbursed since Sapard was implemented in the 2000 financial year .
In the area of agricultural aids we support the Commission .
But we will also be following these questions very positively because we believe that European Union enlargement is the task of the future to which we must apply ourselves , where everyone must know where we are heading , where we must first talk about how much we are prepared to pay , but we will always take a constructive and positive attitude , as we have up until now .
That is particularly so at the interfaces of enlargement , that is the border regions .
That is why we should do all we can to assist this process .
So I have just one point to make : these countries are naturally very anxious that they should not be forgotten .
I think that is a very wise approach .
My last point is that a very large number of you have mentioned the agricultural reforms .
I think it is important not to lose sight of that .
There are no sugar cane plantations in the Canary Islands , and the product , already distilled , is imported from abroad .
The Fiscalis programme has demonstrated its effectiveness as an instrument for the promotion of mutual understanding between the European Union 's tax officials and it is therefore the committee 's view , and that expressed in the Commission proposal , that it should be continued .
Madam President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to enlarge on my speech of 13 November 2001 by discussing the following areas .
Like others , I still have hope , as I have in the meantime re-examined the matter ; I have not done this completely off my own bat , but have taken scientific bases , ICES for example , as my starting point .
Close cooperation with all concerned parties has enabled the rapporteur to lay before us a genuine compromise on which all of them were able to agree .
An amicable settlement has to be reached , and additional criteria can be introduced in order to actually enforce such settlements .
We furthermore expect such a directive to prescribe coherent and practicable test methods , dealing with more aspects than do the EEVC 's testing areas and take the interplay of the tested objects into account .
I am all in favour of it being slimline , and we will certainly not argue about whether it should take up one page or one-and-a-half .
This one can help cut down on accidents .
This is about the Internet , that is to say the alternative to the performance laid on for you here , and about direct access for you to something that can constitute the democratic opinion-forming process .
However , I propose that they should speed the transposition up , which would include those candidates that have already started on this .
Treating this matter as an urgent subject of major importance in Strasbourg now opens up the possibility of our vote being followed by an agreement at last .
.
They ensured the exiling of those Germans who had always wanted to live in Germany and therefore sought to oppress the non-German population .
We therefore oppose any discussion of even the partial renationalisation of regional and structural policy , as this would undermine the principle of solidarity and it is not foreseeable where such a policy might lead .
Over and above that , I agree with the ladies who spoke before me that the fight against the causes of child labour - poverty , poor education and inadequate training - has to be stepped up .
I believe that we must protest vigorously about this , and it is clear that normal relations with the European Union will not be possible if dialogue on the basis of the OSCE mission is not begun .
Then again , he misuses the fight against terrorism , and its Islamic variety in particular , to take further action against dissidents , albeit under another label .
Prophylaxis is , though , also to a very significant extent , a matter for the individual stock farmer , and I must say , some very worrying things come to light .
Commissioner , the European Union should definitely be willing to act as a mediator in this conflict , should it be asked to do so .
I do not think it is worth it in a case like this one , in which we are dealing with something relatively trifling .
In my opinion , the transport industry could certainly plan convoys better if it knew about the weekend bans so that the result would not , as is often at present the case , be these periods waiting at borders , which are admittedly unpleasant .
I do not imagine that France , that grande nation , will ever let anyone prevent it celebrating 14 July , and we in Germany will also resist any attempt at doing away with 3 October .
