The Commission has no way - no legal way in particular - of preventing the opening of the Mont Blanc Tunnel .
I can say that the Commission shares Parliament ' s view on this .
The crucial thing is that the programme should be properly carried out .
I am opposed to some of those changes because I think these matters would be better resolved in the landmark decision about fleet policy .
That is the reality , that is the truth and that is what we have to deal with .
So we are also aware of how necessary it is to improve safety , and we are also promoting that .
Finally , Amendment No 6 amplifies a provision that was included in the regulation at your instigation , and that provision bans FIFG aid for exports or for the formation of joint ventures .
May I conclude by saying that the next round of negotiations for a new agreement or a new protocol is due to take place on 20 to 23 November .
It had always been our opinion that the Fiori report should be considered together with both the Caudron reports .
Mention has already been made of the deliberations in the Committee on Constitutional Affairs .
With the click of a mouse , they can see the original texts we discuss in this House .
This was not in fact the case at the start of this Parliamentary term .
So I would ask you to support Mr Cappato 's proposed compromise by a significant majority .
I am , of course , also glad that , at the Commissioner 's suggestion , the European Investment Bank is also willing to do something about this by making risk capital available for the realisation of audiovisual projects .
One could envisage state support for follow-up projects being made dependent on the filmmakers ' efforts at reaching their public .
There are no independent producers .
I could smile a little at that , for even that is now possible in the EU.
The other point I would like to make is that the proposal for a resolution calls for a maximum transport time of 8 hours for animals intended for slaughter , and that , too , is an old demand from the Social Democrats .
I would be happy if the Commissioner were able to say that it does not .
We all know that there are already several directives on this in the European Union , and legislation to transpose it in the Member States .
Let me thank the Court of Auditors , you , Mr Karlsson and the Court 's members and staff for the 2000 Report and give especial additional thanks for the special reports , whose very practical recommendations make them very valuable to the Commission in its work .
For its part , the Commission has now done its homework ; so too , on this point , has the Court of Auditors ; and so too , to a quite broad extent in this area , has Parliament ; I therefore believe it is actually high time for Parliament to formally take up its position , so that then the Council , too , can get its homework over and done with in a similarly short time .
Turning to the massive EUR 11.6 billion surplus in the 2000 Budget , the Court of Auditors has explained that a surplus should not be entered in the accounts for the following year , but should , if at all possible in the current budget year , allow the Member States to make reduced payments , which means that the Budget would then be adjusted downwards in the course of the year .
One example is in the personnel field .
We link up researchers and the results of their investigations , share in the financing of high-speed railway lines and of student exchange schemes .
I only want to highlight a couple of points .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , although money is not everything , the way money is handled shows if a policy is successful or not .
If this statement of assurance is procedurally weak , then I expect the Court of Auditors to make a statement to that effect .
I would like to address once again three points that arose most often in the debate .
Back in 1995 , the European Parliament 's then Committee on Civil Liberties and Internal Affairs organised a major hearing on this .
Against the background of the present situation , and the need to combat terrorism , this is an important factor .
You will be stopped there .
However , I can also assure you that I will be making representations to the appropriate Austrian authorities to make sure that precisely this does not happen .
The first is , of course , the introduction of the euro next year .
We have discovered precisely that through our own work , in the case of warranty periods on purchases , interest on arrears , money laundering and also the takeover directive .
That is very often not the case , because terms are used which have a different meaning in other legal texts .
Those arrested have now been released again .
Mr President , general interest services are services of both an economic and non-economic nature which are geared towards the public interest and in whose provision both the public at large and the state have a special interest .
What general interest services come under EU law ?
A balanced programme needs leeway .
The meaning of 'social welfare interest ' is laid down in the Treaty of Amsterdam and in the Charter of Fundamental Rights .
For us in Germany and Austria , water is an extraordinarily important area .
Above all , though , it should provide legal security for those who