Irish people on the result of the referendum on the Treaty of Nice .
This means that the Treaty of Nice has failed .
This is why it is unbelievable that the Swedish government can say that the Treaty of Nice still stands .
The people of Ireland voted no to the Treaty of Nice .
Enlarging the EU will work perfectly well based on the Treaty of Amsterdam .
The influence of the new Member States in the institutions can be regulated in the Accession Treaties as was the case during the last enlargement .
It would be a serious matter if this were to happen .
The risk now is clearly that the concrete elements of the strategy disappear during negotiations , while the rhetoric committing to nothing remains .
Mr President , enlargement has been the main focus of this debate , which I believe is quite natural .
I will now return to Gothenburg bearing your stated wish for clear signals from Gothenburg , including a clearer timetable .
We must become better at obtaining more grassroots support for European issues and the European project .
However , in order not to damage the European project any further and not to weaken faith in the Union , we must also move forward on ratification of the Treaty of Nice and enlargement .
It is also important for enlargement that the process of addressing the points at issue continues .
We have also successfully addressed free movement of people with a couple of applicant countries and free movement of capital with a couple of applicant countries .
I hope that many other countries will follow suit and give equivalent declarations as soon as possible .
We will be addressing climate issues at the summit and discussing them with President Bush .
We have seen the way the EU can play an important role .
Naturally , this work must continue .
This is also something which we in Sweden are keen to do further work on , even after the Presidency .
( Applause )
This focus should be even clearer since the Irish people ' s rejection of the Treaty of Nice in a referendum on 7 June .
Mr President , my group shares the same opinion as most other groups , i .e . that this is a good report and that it is high time we had working time regulations which also apply to road transport .
Our group also believes that it is obviously necessary to put employees and drivers on an equal footing .
We will support all of Mr Hughes ' proposals , but on one point we would like to proceed a little faster .
It can be said that the requirement for a transposition period is one way of taking the industry into account , but it certainly gives no regard to other road-users .
We support the proposal as it stands , with Amendments 25 and 26 at the end , requiring the transposition period to be removed from the proposal .
As much as ten years ago , based on the ways the disease was spread , sexual practices of the time and the widespread poverty in many African countries , experts were able to make forecasts showing that there would be a spread similar to that which we have today and which has had such incredibly tragic consequences .
Unfortunately we are now able to make the same forecasts for other parts of the world which were infected later , and the outlook is similar .
I also agree with many of the requirements for such a mechanism which Mr Nielson sets out .
I am sure that money is needed to achieve success in terms of research and active initiatives at national level .
It must surely have been possible in such an extraordinary situation to gain support from the Council for a substantial aid package .
Report Skinner ( A5-0156/2001 )
Our basic attitude towards the European Union is positive .
It must be absolutely clear to all citizens that the EU is only to be engaged in the matters at which it is best - cross-border issues .
This is not one such area .
However correct and well-intentioned this may be , it cannot fall within the competence of European politics .
However , it is reprehensible to regulate in detail at EU level how these aims are to be achieved .
Let the Member States themselves decide how rules and regulations on workers ' health and safety are to be elaborated so that the required aims of the directive are achieved in the best possible way .
Certainly , European parliamentarians - like national politicians - are expected to master a number of subject areas and to relate to a wide spectrum of political issues .
( PPE-DE ) , in writing .
What are we to do ?
How should our embassies in Pakistan receive people who apply to be allowed to come to our countries ?
There are Christian organisations that are doing an incredible amount for the Afghan population while maintaining a low profile .
We cannot get any further by condemning matters time after time .
We have seen many proposals for peace - the Lusaka Protocol , peace proposals in Sierra Leone and such like - but so long as war pays better than peace we will not get especially far .
It is interesting to note that many who speak Angola' s language are speaking today .
When it comes to the World Bank , which was mentioned in the debate , I actually believe it can be a very positive player in Africa , for example by monitoring , as it does at present , the income that the Angolan government acquires through the oil trade .
The Swedish presidency ' s objective was to proceed from important decisions to the implementation of those decisions