for public health is assigned to the companies .
Indeed , to forestall protests that would affect sales , not even the most basic steps are being taken to inform the public of the risks they run from leakage of the contents of these bulbs into the environment .
This paves the way to acquis communautaire , giving the EU the right and power to institute and impose criminal penalties wherever it deems this necessary .
Investing the EU with the power to adopt unified criminal law without the unanimous agreement of the Member States is tantamount to abolishing one of the fundamental sovereign rights of nations : to decide what actions constitute a criminal offence and to specify the type and level of penalties .
The interim report of the Temporary Committee on Climate Change does not contain any new ideas , thoughts or recommendations useful to the peoples of Europe regarding environmental protection .
It perpetuates the EU 's well-known anti-popular policy of providing a 'green' excuse for the over-accumulation of capital .
It says nothing about the responsibility capitalists have assumed in over-exploiting natural resources .
The solution to environmental problems will not be provided by the multinationals and monopolies responsible for today 's situation , but by the peoples who have to suffer the consequences .
The report tolerates Turkey 's anti-Kurdish policy .
The report welcomes Turkey 's active participation in the imperialist missions and interventions of the EU and NATO .
The European Parliament is calling for Guantanamo to be closed and there have recently been revelations about prison ships , which quite possibly have called even at European harbours .
Twenty-one of the 27 Member States disagree with you , as do a unanimous European Parliament and the relevant parliamentary committee ; there are strong objections even within the Commission .
It distorts competition .
The proposal provides for a ban on the importation of fish from illegal fishing ; the creation of a list of vessels that are involved in illegal and unreported fishing ; the development of a Community Alert System when there is a suspicion that fish from illegal fishing have been detected ; and a prohibition on importing fish from countries that have been identified as not cooperating with the EU scheme .
I believe that there will be duplication between the two regulations and that they will not facilitate the process of simplifying the common fisheries policy .
Madam President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , this coming Saturday the European Football Championship starts in Austria and Switzerland .
I am sure that the international community , and particularly the EU and the European Parliament , cannot be unmoved by this .
I propose that the President of the European Parliament and the relevant Commissioner should send a letter , like the letter Mr Frattini sent to Angela Merkel in 2006 .
I merely wish to point out that the Committee on Legal Affairs , on examining the legal principles , considered Article 95 to be the legal basis for the first part , and Articles 95 and 175 for the second part .
The opinion of the Committee on Legal Affairs will be taken into account when validating the decision .
Instead of taking measures to step up restraints on the uncontrolled proceedings of multinationals , the EU and the Member States ' governments are merely intervening on exports of sunflower oil from Ukraine .
Safe food , in sufficient quantities and at low prices for the workers , is unlikely to be available unless there is a shift in EU policy that serves the interests of the food multinationals and the increase in their profits .
The resolution flaunts political might to show that the EU is supposedly a rival of the United States , which it feels inferior to .
The aim of this Union is to liberalise markets in order to enable them to be more easily accessed by European monopolies , whose position in the monopolistic fight for control of the markets will be improved .
The primary objective of the Union for the Mediterranean policy is purportedly for democracy and human rights to be exported from the EU to the Mediterranean countries .
The people should have no illusions about the nature and aims of the Union for the Mediterranean ; they should fight against it .
This will result in the shrinkage of the agricultural population and the abandonment of the countryside , particularly by young people .
The report actively supports the partial review carried out on the CAP in 2003 , the proposed CAP 'health check ' measures and the inclusion of the agricultural economy within the framework of the EU 's anti-popular Lisbon Strategy .
With this Directive , the Community is taking the first substantial step towards creating a recycling society .
Parliament 's considerable efforts and perseverance have been rewarded .
I should like to underline that with the current formulation of the quantitative targets , the Commission has the ability and the political will to refer Member States to the European Court of Justice if they have not taken the measures that are essential for achieving the recycling targets .
The fact that it has been possible to achieve agreement at second reading is , of course , particularly satisfying .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , today we are a discussing one of the most crucial challenges of environmental policy : the protection of our water resources for our own benefit and that of future generations .
Let me begin by congratulating the rapporteur , Mrs Laperrouze , and the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Food Safety on the excellent work they have done , and their collaboration on this directive .
Today the European Parliament is to decide at second reading on the proposed directive on environmental quality standards for priority substances in surface water