its membership in the European Union , for our group is a very democratic one - Christian Democrats and Conservatives could not be anything else - but I will tell you very clearly , Mr President-in-Office of the Council that there is one thing we do agree on , and that is that we do not believe that the time is right to specify a date for the commencement of negotiations in December and in Copenhagen .
We decisively reject any form of terrorism , even in Moscow , but we may not treat terror and terrorists and the people in Chechnya as one and the same thing !
Any promises we make to Turkey must be ones that we are prepared to keep over the next few years .
Fourthly , I ask you to consider the following .
It is my belief that there are two things that have to be dealt with together .
In any case , the road map remains an international initiative with the prospect of long-term success in the form of a two-state solution .
It is quite simply not acceptable for aid missions financed by the EU to be turned back or prevented from doing their work .
Iraq is far too hazardous a minefield and also deserves better than to be used to satisfy neurotic political egos .
Now , in addition , the European Council has answered a number of budget questions relating to the common agricultural policy .
This issue will be discussed in March at the latest , when arrangements for the agricultural sector are put on the WTO table .
Conversely , I support Parliament 's concern that it should be accorded rights of codecision in agricultural policy as well , which would significantly enhance the common agricultural policy 's standing in the public eye .
If you can take that on board , then I think we can have a reasonable dialogue with each other .
The European Parliament wants codecision here .
This amounts to the difference between the additional costs resulting from direct payments for the new Member States and the increase in agricultural expenditure approved by the EU Summit .
Serbia and Montenegro should now be finding a joint path towards European membership , and the Solana proposal , no matter how limited it may be , is at present the best and the only way forward .
Others say that everything is acceptable as long as their own constituency does not lose its privileges .
I come from an Objective 1 region that would lose its status for statistical reasons if we strictly observed the 75 % criterion , and yet I am convinced that generous phasing out would make it possible for that region to solve its development problems .
The same applies to Community initiatives .
Any other factors taken as a basis for measurement cannot be clearly quantified and open the way to arbitrary decision-making .
Let us not be concerned only with the range of goods and services available , but also with their quality .
It is precisely because I stand by the fundamental European ideal of solidarity that I demand a far-reaching reform of regional policy , one that will at last make this ideal into a lived reality .
The EU , which announced the creation of the internal market as one of its priorities , must assume its political responsibility in this process involving consolidation and concentration .
I do not think one can say that Parliament has been asleep.
The Italian media tycoon and , in one and the same person , prime minister , along with Mr Murdoch and Herr Kirch , have given the champions of unfettered press freedom a lesson in fear .
Only when this has been found to be the case can - and must - the protection of health be taken into account in this context , and , if these conditions are fulfilled , there is no dispute about it .
The success of a regulation of this sort is in the financial institutions ' own best interests .
That represents progress towards greater competition neutrality on the financial markets .
The Commission proposals may have been late in landing on the table , but they got there well before the summer .
We even take different views of the scientific investigations into our resources , as shown by the report on our timetable , which we are discussing this evening , and I imagine that discussions in the Council of Ministers are just as animated as our own in Parliament .
Let me first , though , state my position on the report by Mr Stevenson , to whom I would like to start by expressing my thanks for its drafting .
Fishery management needs frameworks that are tailor-made for it and that will last for years .
We also want to cooperate more with the third states that are active in the Mediterranean .
Specifically , the problem has to do with the fact that other species subject to a quota are also caught along with species subject neither to a TAC nor to a quota , so that there is the risk of fish being caught and being thrown back into the sea , despite being in themselves very valuable .
I would also like , at the same time , to take this opportunity to thank the parties to the negotiations - the Council , the Commission in particular and the candidate countries , which have , over the past few years , taken upon themselves an incalculable amount of work in order to slowly steer this endeavour to a positive outcome .
I hope that all the disputes surrounding the negotiations will be brought to an end and that the Commission and the Council will soon be able to explain in definite terms what is meant by the 'travel document light ' .
