to wage war in order to impose its choices .
At the same time , the EU has its sights trained on state subsidies for ports ; it is preparing for their abolition or drastic curtailment , thus paving the way for their privatisation .
The thoughtless use of natural resources for profit , capitalist restructuring , the liberalisation of markets and the privatisation of energy , transport and telecommunications are leading to the destruction of the environment .
However , it ends with proposals governed by the pro-monopolistic policy of the EU , such as more tax breaks and financial incentives for companies .
The credit crisis is also a reflection of this course .
Hedge funds and private equity are the progeny of this course towards liberalisation .
The victims of this policy are the workers , who watch the wealth they produce accumulate in the hands of a small number of plutocrats and see their savings at risk of vanishing and their pensions also at risk .
The economic crisis that currently plagues the markets did not come as a bolt from the blue .
Workers and the popular classes are unconvinced by the announced transparency measures , with the possibility of implementation and effectiveness , moreover , being doubtful .
Mr President , Commissioner , the proclamation of next year as the European Year of Creativity and Innovation is fully in accord with the aims and priorities of the EU to develop the European knowledge society as a key response of the Europe of 27 to the economic and social challenges of globalisation .
This globalisation blatantly seeks to place at the centre of developments nothing other than the economy , which is in fact all too often the illicit distribution of profits .
We have made the right choice in opting for the combination of innovation and creativity as the key dimension of the European Year 2009 .
The mobility of knowledge and creativity forms an integral part of open intercultural dialogue .
The fields of culture , communications , the job market , young people , women , immigrants , local and regional entities , cultural industries and SMEs are included .
Let me end by thanking the Commissioner , the Commission departments , and the Slovenian and French Presidencies for the open dialogue and cooperation we have had .
Let me now stress that the Commission must take account of our Members ' concerns about the implementation and success of the programme during monitoring and submission of proposals by the national authorities and the parties concerned .
Taking into account the message given by Commissioner Figeľ and other fellow Members that we should monitor the implementation of the programme , let me point out to this House that intercultural dialogue and the Year of Creativity and Innovation must be the spearhead of our communications policy in view of the European elections .
Against this background , then , the primary objective is to settle and define the limits within which the public and private media can cooperate and intervene .
In many cases , however , this form of expression has turned into a 'collective protest' , such as on crucial issues like the environment and society .
Hill and mountain regions are particularly important in the EU because they cover more than 50 % of the territory of some Member States , whose rural population is still a significant component .
These characteristics should therefore be strengthened and exploited to reinforce their competitiveness and cultural identity .
They are unusual for their balanced approach and because they are the outcome of broader collaboration on issues which have generally been agreed on combating terrorism , and the protection of human rights , along with personal data , of course .
That is exactly what Mrs Lefrançois 's report achieves .
Our concern when discussing this report was centred on the issue of human rights .
We conducted extensive discussions , settled on a form of wording and included provisions to ensure the balance that I have mentioned .
We tried to find a definition of terrorism and did not succeed .
To conclude , let me add that all this is in good hands .
( Applause ) The acute and ongoing crisis of casino-style capitalism is burdening American taxpayers and the entire world economy because of the failure of the profiteering games played by companies .
The Council 's proposal can on no account be accepted in its present form .
I have voted in favour of the Hammerstein report on the work of the Committee on Petitions .
Among other things , these are inaccessibility , high transport costs and difficult soil conditions for crops etc .
Whatever measures are taken turn out to be ineffective and fail to halt the depopulation of these regions .
An essential pre-condition for improving living conditions , and increasing agricultural income in hill and mountain regions , is the struggle of the farmers themselves against the CAP , and the demand for special funding for hill and mountain regions in a bid to improve infrastructure and support the agricultural production process .
The proposed legal basis comprises Articles 133 and 175 in conjunction with the first subparagraph of Article 300( 2 ) , and the first subparagraph of Article 300( 3 ) of the EC Treaty .
The Committee on Legal Affairs justifies the decision to change to the legal basis .
However , the text does not tell us what happens when Parliament decides to state its views through its representative , the President , by submitting observations or intervening in prejudicial proceedings .
The first answer I give in my report is that one procedure cannot be considered to be included in the other ; that the word 'action' , used in Rule 121 , cannot be considered to include the qualitatively different case of submission of comments or intervention in Court .
