We are calling on the Commission to put forward a legislative proposal before July 2003 , for the situation on organ donations in particular is making it increasingly clear that the human body or parts thereof are indeed becoming commodities .
Yet perhaps we are discussing all this quite unnecessarily .
However , my head tells me that the compromise identified by the committee is possibly better and forms a better basis for the European Union and the European Parliament .
I have a dog myself , and he has told me that he does not want a microchip or a tattoo .
Mr President , it is correct that the Commission did not wish , by way of this amendment of the Directive , to address the issue of genetically modified organisms .
These comparative tests must not , however , be restricted to those seed and plant varieties that have so far been certified and listed in the Union 's common catalogue .
With the tighter provisions envisaged here , I see a risk that the report 's intention , namely to simplify , will be pursued ad absurdum .
We really should adopt the proposal put forward by my colleague , namely to cut it as low as 100 mg/l .
Madam President , Commissioner , I am glad that we have the opportunity today to speak on the subject of this directive - not so much out of any personal attachment to detergent issues , but quite simply because this report also shows that the European Union is moving towards abandoning the end-of-life policy and instead , to an increasing extent , seeking to develop modern and environmentally friendly products that are economically and socially sustainable .
Some suggest 50 milligrams , while others propose 500 milligrams .
This Regulation does too much about the effects on water and far too little - hardly anything at all , in fact - about any exposure assessment covering consumers and those who work in the production process .
This will also involve willingness on our part to pay a proper price for them .
The issue of land and of the way in which it is shared out is without doubt a key to future development in Guatemala and in its neighbouring countries , and , at the end of 2002 , MEPs belonging to different groups organised a conference on the subject .
I would like to use this opportunity to again briefly explain to the plenary why it is , in our opinion , that we should not have a debate without Parliament 's opinion being expressed .
Today we are denying their grandchildren access to Europe , and Kaliningrad , intended as territorial compensation for the German internecine war , is separated from Russia .
Of course , there is a lot more to it than this .
We call upon the Commission to draw up , within an appropriate timeframe , a package of European reference values to facilitate comparisons of implementation in the various Member States .
To that extent , I think , we have been able to improve the Commission proposal by making it more precise , specific and exact , and I hope it will meet with general approval tomorrow .
It should be clear that what we are after is for the figure to be doubled .
We cannot have President Prodi gathering together a high-level group of experts and then fail to incorporate into law the first regulatory framework that really enables us to create a market for fuel cells , with a growing European demand for them as its result .
There is no doubt that the limit proposed by the Commission is set too low .
What is called for here is strategic thinking over and above national frontiers , rather than the short-term and short-sighted activity for its own sake that we unfortunately see at present , not least in my homeland .
That is the greatest and most important challenge .
Before I go any further , allow me also to say very clearly , ladies and gentlemen , that the Group of the European People 's Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats supports both this directive and the Commission proposal .
Finally , my group also firmly supports the exemptions from liability that are named in the Commission draft .
Finally , I should like to address one further point that is of particular importance to us Social Democrats .
Furthermore , the fact that the notion of strict liability is linked to the list of dangerous activities in this way means that entire areas that pose a potential risk , such as mining and drilling for oil and gas , are also excluded , as is a large proportion of the consumer goods industry .
Perhaps the easiest way to explain it - since we always have a few visitors with us at this time of day - is to say that we are talking about building a bridge .
Once again , as with the Lamfalussy procedure , we are only debating an interim solution .
We have to change this .
This is something that we have to change .
Other countries are doing that .
That is one of the many reasons why we should continue to speak up for human rights and democracy , including in China .
In 2004 , commitment appropriations will increase to EUR 112 billion , of which EUR 11.8 billion are earmarked for commitments in the new Member States .
In the enlarged Union the Structural Funds as a whole will play a very significant role .
In its proposal the Commission has taken into account Parliament 's priorities as set out in the opinions of the individual committees and contained in the report by Mr Colom i Naval and Mr Böge .
This shows that both ambitious spending programmes and enlargement on the