a preliminary proposal for the Committee on the Environment based on this questionnaire .
In my view , the Committee on Women 's Rights could produce for the plenary sessions more concrete draft resolutions than these on what the committees should be doing .
It is the political groups that will have the main role in deciding how equality is to be implemented when they elect their chairs and fill the posts of chair and deputy chair of committees in negotiations between groups . on behalf of the PPE-DE Group . - Mr President , the rapporteur has done excellent work with this report .
For one , it concerns one of the unfinished areas of the single market : how people 's rights travel with them when they exercise their four freedoms inside the Union .
The European Parliament must point out any anomalies and invoke its Treaty rights to prompt the Commission into action .
People need as much certainty as possible about their rights and obligations in order to engage in any society .
The European Parliament is doing its part by opening the debate today .
While my group strongly supports the report of Mrs Wallis , we cannot support her amendments to it .
Let us first hear about the Commission 's inquiry as to what kinds of cross-border problems exist in the domain of limitation periods in cases of personal injury and then move on to the concrete definitions .
For example , if the inquiry were to show that there is not such a huge discrepancy between Member States ' rules , the country of origin approach , as the report suggests , might show the way .
The Finnish Presidency also deserves credit for the conciliation process .
At various stages of the debate on INSPIRE , the main aim was to remove some of the barriers that in particular hamper the shared use of environmental data among authorities .
In the future , a wider range of Internet services relating to the environment will be available .
Even before INSPIRE , the Community used certain instruments to enable it first to promote the accessibility of reliable information , especially information on the public sector , and later on to harmonise information in order to make comparisons possible at Community level .
One of them is the Directive on Public Access to Environmental Information , for which I was rapporteur .
All in all , the directive will create a sound and viable basis for developing spatial information infrastructures in the European Community and making it possible to maintain quality data and services in the Member States . on behalf of the ALDE Group . - ( SV ) Mr President , Commissioner , President-in-Office of the Council , ladies and gentlemen , the right to travel within Europe is an issue of absolutely fundamental importance to our lives .
For anyone who travels in the EU 's border regions , this is often the first issue they encounter .
It is no secret that the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe has not been happy .
What ordinary EU citizen has such contacts ?
The second obstacle is that they have to register with a Russian local authority within three days of their arrival , and this can take several days .
None of these issues is addressed by the agreement .
That is not the case .
In spite of all the shortcomings , Parliament has shown a constructive attitude .
Without such a pledge , the ALDE Group will vote against the proposals .
The Commission and the Council have put forward a declaration that is partially in keeping with Parliament 's wishes .
Both issues are , of course , relevant to the general , overarching objective of the whole agreement , namely that of abolishing the visa system . on behalf of the ALDE Group . - ( FI ) Mr President , I warmly welcome this initiative on families and childcare .
I myself have been privileged in that , when my children were small , I was a house husband in Finland for five years .
It seems to me that when we speak of parenthood today , we still conventionally try and place the burden of responsibility solely on the shoulders of mothers and women .
On the other hand , we should develop forms of day care so that children are provided with good , first-rate care if both parents are gainfully employed .
Childhood is an important time , as the data from research shows .
The decisions made then , the care and love received and the security that a child has felt will be conspicuous throughout a person 's life .
Member of the Commission .
I join the UN Secretary-General , Ban Ki-moon , and the EU Presidency in supporting the report and the proposal put forward by Mr Ahtisaari .
Unfortunately , Belgrade and Priština remained diametrically opposed on the core question of the status itself .
Mr Ahtisaari 's proposal is designed to foster the building of a democratic , multi-ethnic society in Kosovo based on the rule of law .
As Mr Lagendijk rightly underlined , the essence of a decision on Kosovo is European unity , here and in New York .
The UN has been running Kosovo for eight years and , clearly , the status quo is not sustainable .
Here too , the EU must work as one .
We have no exit strategy , only an entry strategy , in the Western Balkans and in Kosovo .
Let me underline that local ownership and partnership with the international community is the key to success for status implementation .
But we can assist , and the status settlement will not come for free .
The EU 's overall presence in Kosovo is likely to be in the order of 1500 to 2000 international staff .
