We were assured that bilateral negotiations would be speedily concluded and that actual verification in the camps would begin last July .
That agreement regrettably is still outstanding .
I therefore reiterate once more our appeal to all those concerned to take the necessary political initiatives to achieve a lasting solution to the unacceptable plight of the Bhutanese refugees , of whom over 17 000 have been born in the camps .
Mr President , I agree with many of the comments that have been made so far by Mrs McKenna and Mrs Maij-Weggen on the situation in Burma .
However I would also like to refer to the specific case of a constituent of mine , which provides a good example of the brutality of the present Burmese authorities .
In September 1999 , James Mawdsley , from the north-east of England was sentenced to 17 years ' solitary confinement in a Burmese prison .
His mother is currently travelling to Burma hoping to see him .
His crime , according to the Burmese authorities , was to enter the country and attempt to draw attention to the human rights abuses taking place there .
The charges against him were trumped up .
For example , he was alleged to have entered the country illegally and yet British embassy staff have seen his passport , which is stamped with a Burmese immigration stamp showing that he had arrived completely legally .
British Government ministers and staff have been making constant efforts to draw the attention of the Burmese authorities to his plight , but with no success .
I ask Parliament and the Commission to do all they possibly can to secure his release .
Mr President , I rather object to the efforts made earlier by the Spanish left to make political capital out of Gibraltar on the back of the tragedy of the Kursk .
HMS Tireless is safe in British territory and the repairs will be carried out to the highest safety standards .
On the subject of Sierra Leone , I further object to the statement by the previous speaker , but there is a wider point that I would like to make concerning the British Government 's role .
We warned the British Labour Government months ago about the dangers of an open-ended commitment of British troops to Sierra Leone .
Our troops should have been given a clear and finite mission with a realistic exit strategy from the start .
The present unacceptable situation is a clear consequence of mission creep and political indecision and provides a clear lesson for the future .
Mr President , this is a truly distressing affair .
Possibly the most important founding principle of the European Union was peace and those who seek to join the Union must try to conduct their domestic and their foreign affairs in as peaceable a fashion as possible .
Turkey , as we appreciate , suffers from an extremely vulnerable border and it is a particular problem for it to establish the requisite stability and peaceful circumstances that its integration to Europe properly requires .
As a part of the pre-accession phase of Turkey 's candidacy , we should try to establish a functional forum where military as well as civilian and economic issues should be shared between us .
Turkey 's membership of NATO presents many of our Member States with a special responsibility in this respect .
The development of a common European Security and Defence Policy should be seen as a pretext , and also as a bridge , for us to reach common positions on ways to combat terrorism while respecting fundamental rights .
If we are able to succeed in creating such a practical forum , we should be able to expect that this sort of sad critical incident will be put firmly in the past .
Mr President , I am taking the place of Mrs McNally who has had to go back to the United Kingdom this afternoon .
The European Union with the support of this Parliament has already done much to raise the technical and operational safety of Soviet-type nuclear reactors and to create independent regulators .
As I understand it , what is being done at Temelín has already been done in Finland and there is similar upgrading work in hand at Kozloduy in Bulgaria with the support of a Euratom loan .
What I would like the Commission to confirm , if possible , is if the work at Temelín follows the recommendations of twelve inspections by the International Atomic Energy Agency and that it will , in fact , create safety standards equivalent to those in our Member States .
That is the assurance , or reassurance , that the public in the European Union requires .
We have had many messages from the Czech authorities this week .
They claim that most of the actions which we request in this resolution have already been carried out and that the remainder are , in fact , under way .
Is the Commission in a position to confirm that this afternoon , and if not , will it undertake to supply its views on this matter with urgency to the Industry Committee of the European Parliament ?
Mr President , this issue should not even be a subject of urgent debate .
I deplore the cynical Green exploitation and misrepresentation of the situation .
Interference in the internal affairs of a candidate country with the political blackmail of a threat to veto accession to the EU is wholly unacceptable .
I regret that people in Austria have allowed themselves to be ruled by emotion , not rational scientific argument .
The Czechs show every sign of behaving responsibly and properly according to internationally accepted standards , and we should leave them to get on with it .
Although I signed the joint motion as instructed by my