employment aspects of culture at European level .
Mr President , in our opinion it is important that the original Commission proposal giving the Member States excessive powers to intervene was not accepted .
I feel sure that everything will be done to ensure that this programme goes ahead next year , because it is of such particular relevance to small and medium-sized firms which Parliament has proposed should be given special assistance .
If we can establish close-knit ties between young people in Europe , such as through education networks , we will create a Europe that will be stronger , more united and greater than we could ever imagine .
The third is Grundtvig , which covers other educational pathways , adult education and new educational approaches .
It is too much for the programme to fail , but too little to keep it alive .
This is all about equality of opportunity .
They need better access to working life from their initial training onwards , and all ages need access to good-quality further training in accordance with the concept of lifelong learning .
There has not been a single summit that has not called for more funding for education and research , yet what happens in practice is quite different .
Mr President , we know that good vocational training is a factor in preventing unemployment .
This subject is dealt with in recital 13a .
The Socrates programme , having gone through a highly successful first phase of promoting European cooperation in university education , school education and language teaching , is now to be extended to cover adult education and those who left school without qualifications .
There was a special new deadline for amendments , which we met , as far as I am aware , when we retabled some amendments from committee .
I also welcome the fact that the new Socrates proposal creates a legal basis which also allows Turkey to participate in the programme , and I hope that this can be put into practice in the near future .
We would not be so persistent - as shown by my reference to ECHO - if this were a one-off case .
It was in our interest to resume the MED programmes .
For the Commission to entrust ARTM , an international association under Belgian law , with the financial management of the MED projects without any legal basis and without obtaining the opinion of the legal service or of financial control , for the management board members also to be managers of the technical assistance agencies and to be involved in awarding some project funds without tenders and thereby secure themselves a large slice of the cake , that is to say fat contracts , is to say the least an overlapping of interests , as is also the view of the Court of Auditors and UCLAF .
The damage worldwide comes to about USD 3 billion a year , of which a quarter falls to the European Community 's account .
So we want to see them standardised .
But in the case of counterfeit money , things are different .
Given that the business of organised crime now extends from credit-card fraud to traffic in human beings and to money laundering , there is obviously an absolute need for action not just in the Member States but also by the European Community .
Organised criminals are not usually poor people - on the contrary !
Most but not all of these amendments were accepted .
There are other amendments , which I reject without exception , because if we were to accept them we would have to go into a conciliation procedure .
The second point is that we must bear in mind the interests of the pharmaceutical industry which is conducting the clinical trials .
Then we really will be treating people to whom we have promised a high level of protection just like guinea pigs .
The Commission proposal does not take adequate account of this .
That is why Mr Valverde and I have tabled three amendments , to emphasise that point again .
It is therefore a very broad area .
However , as this is simply not possible we have decided to summarise them to some extent .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , my thanks for the presentation of the Court of Auditors report .
I would therefore like to know what will be done in the near future with the ECU 550 million that we have left for nuclear safety , and whether we will continue to have studies of dubious value without any action being taken as a result .
Following the ratification of the Amsterdam Treaty , in fact , the opposite is to be expected .
This is affecting European jobs .
Much too little importance is placed on the fourth pillar : equal opportunities .
What is needed are appropriate indicators , specification of budgetary funds and laying down of priorities and the deadlines for achieving them .
I believe it will also be decisive for later votes , not only for the Commission and the Council but also for Parliament .
The Commission 's Social Action Programme therefore has an important status even in principle , and not only for unemployed , excluded , disabled and disadvantaged persons .
The debate about the new Social Action Programme is taking place in the context of the Amsterdam Treaty ; this means that the new instruments - the employment chapter , the Protocol on Social Policy , Article 13 on anti-discrimination and the instrument of social dialogue - should in future ensure a new quality for Europe 's social policy .
But we must be careful not to do as we did this morning and talk as though we alone at EU level are capable of solving the problem of unemployment