I am pleased to note that there was political backing for setting up the fund at the informal meeting of foreign ministers in Elsinore last weekend .
The matter will be put on the agenda of the meeting of the General Affairs and External Relations Council to be held between 30 September and 1 October when we shall take stock of the matter and , if possible , arrive at some practical decisions .
We must act quickly and effectively , and we look forward to constructive cooperation with the European Parliament on this important matter which cannot help but affect many of Parliament 's rules and procedures .
Mr President , my group , the Group for a Europe of Democracies and Diversities , would also like to convey its condolences to the relatives of the victims of the severe floods in Europe , and we must find effective methods of helping the many people who are now in need of help .
The victims of the hurricane in Latin America did not receive the money we had allocated .
That could also easily happen this time .
It would be wiser to pay a portion of the bill for the aid programme that has now to be undertaken by the local , regional and national authorities , and I personally am prepared to go a very long way down this road , for it is in times of need that friends show their worth .
We are wealthy in the EU , much wealthier than , for example , the badly affected Czech Republic and Slovakia .
We ought also , however , to look at the causes and take the greenhouse effect and other human assaults upon the environment seriously .
He deserves great praise for his speech in Johannesburg .
It is presumably by means of this absence of decision-making that we are laying the foundation for the natural disasters to come .
Respect and admiration are also in order for the huge response to the disaster and for the way in which thousands of people stood shoulder to shoulder in combating the masses of water .
There must be no doubt that the EU Member States should pull together in dealing with a disaster like this .
It is therefore important to remember that aid is twice as valuable when it is offered promptly .
I would also draw attention to the fact that many people are looking to see how we help the Czech Republic .
I would finally draw attention to the fact that agriculture in the affected areas is suffering losses twice over : firstly , this autumn 's harvest of coarse fodder has been lost and , secondly , the harvest of sown winter crops will not be ready for next year .
I am thinking of the eye-witness reports we have heard and also of the many expressions of sympathy and willingness to offer prompt assistance .
We are looking forward to the Commission 's presenting practical proposals .
The Presidency should do everything to ensure that the Council deals with the matter promptly and , judging by what I have now heard , I am certain that matters can also proceed very quickly here in Parliament .
As one MEP said , aid is twice as valuable when it is offered promptly .
I am convinced that , both in the short and longer term , we can establish an effective tool for helping all the people affected .
As I said in my introductory speech , the Foreign Ministers have given their support this weekend to our establishing a tool of this kind .
A friend in need is a friend indeed , says an old proverb to be found in many languages .
It is that spirit of community and solidarity with the new Member States which , later in the year too , we shall be using to carry through one of the most important decisions in the history of Europe .
I have the honour , on behalf of the Presidency of the Council , to present the 2003 draft budget of the European Communities , prepared by the Council on 22 July .
In the draft budget I am about to present , account has already been taken of a series of agreements and common understandings resulting from the consultation meeting between the Council and Parliament on 19 July 2002 .
I am certain that this work has created a sound basis for the budget authority 's two branches being able to reach agreement on a satisfactory budget for 2003 .
I shall presently touch upon a number of challenges which have already been debated by the European Parliament and the Council and in connection with which agreements and common understandings have been reached .
I shall then provide a general survey of the main features of the draft budget prepared by the Council on 22 July .
I should first like , however , to refer to the debate we have just had in connection with the tragic floods .
It is heartening that the individual Member States have already , on their own initiative , been contributing to the reconstruction .
I shall now return to the results of the meeting of Parliament and the Council on 19 July .
A common understanding was reached to the effect that work must be done on securing funding for the common foreign and security policy in the light of important new tasks .
Allow me firstly to say a few words about the administrative expenditure for 2003 .
The Council and the European Parliament acknowledge that the institutions must prepare themselves for enlargement of the EU in 2003 .
For example , there will be need for more staff and more space .
By means of the agreement entered into , we have attached importance to securing funding for the pre-enlargement measures that are