we need .     .
Is it because Cambodia is too far away ?
Human suffering , regardless of where it happens , is always the same when it comes to the individual .
Political trials demonstrated the Government’s ongoing control , interference and intimidation in the work of the courts . ’ That is the bleak situation in Cambodia .
We cannot continue just paying lip service ; we must put our money where our mouth is .
In contrast , however , free trade has to be retained .
The EU achieves results the gentle way , by which I mean through negotiations , discussions , persuasion and crisis management .
This is sometimes a slow process , but it creates a firm basis for lasting solutions and for a viable society .
In this connection , I would like the EU to emphasise more strongly that without literacy there can be no democracy , nor can there be democracy without respect for women’s rights .
Who says that Joschka Fischer changed ?
The first is that CFSP and defence are key areas for us in the future .
The first thing we need is a constitution .
The second point I wanted to make was that we need three things : firstly , we need a common defence – we need the security guarantees that the constitution would give us .
For that we need a President and a Foreign Minister .
If we get some political will behind it , I think we just might get a common foreign and security policy .
But there are things that we need to start implementing as quickly as possible when the constitution enters into force .
Mr President , first I would like to thank the rapporteur for her work and for this opportunity to discuss violence that women face in their daily lives .
Violence against women is not a marginal problem ; women from all social groups can be victims of violence .
Every woman can be abused .
Unfortunately , children are also often targets of domestic violence , as are men .
The rapporteur mentions the figure of 100 million women in the EU who have suffered from violence from men .
These are horrific figures .
We need to act .
First we should ensure that Member States take action in combating domestic violence .
It has been shown that many domestic violence cases have been preceded by animal abuse .
I was very happy to hear that the Commission is putting more emphasis on this human right .
State aid should accelerate sustainable growth and sustainable competitiveness , and reduce regional disparities .
Aid must not be given where it would work against these principles .
Those regions that suffer from permanent natural disadvantages , such as those in the north , should be in the same category as the Objective 1 zones .
We support the approach she has chosen and , obviously , her idea for a framework directive .
How will we be able to cope with a dependence rate of 70 % in the year 2030 ?
These innovations could substantially extend our range of energy sources .
The use of biomass and new technologies will create jobs and business opportunities , and so they are a good thing from this point of view as well .
I believe that Parliament will give this measure its support .
This new technique has now already proved to be a way of significantly reducing electrical consumption in heating and cooling – by up to a third , in fact .
This was brief , but I wanted to say it .
As a result of debates in the European Parliament , the proposal by the Commission has been improved ; it has become acceptable .
The directive has not been watered down with amendments : this is a matter of the workings of democracy .
In reply to this I would say that we are not working in an ivory tower .
This is called democracy , which the Union says it respects and which it even markets to the outside world .
It would be good for the European internal market .
The first piece of bad news is that I am rather saddened by the debating atmosphere that we have in Europe today .
It is one of protectionism , nationalism , near-racism and xenophobia .
My second piece of bad news concerns the Commission .
However , Mr McCreevy , trust me : do not have your office call upon me to water down the Services Directive .
Please let that be the last time !
We need this directive .
The second piece of good news is that we might get a broad majority in the European Parliament .
My final point is a recommendation : my modest recommendation is to approve the compromise on Article 16 as it stands between the PSE and the PPE-DE Groups , as long as we get three things into the directive : firstly , health services ; secondly , temporary working agencies ; thirdly , posting of workers .
We see it as a case of old versus new .
I am afraid that some of us are losing it .     Mr President , it is better to accept the proposed compromise than reject it .
Every vague paragraph in a directive is a potential case for the Court of Justice of the European Communities .
When reading the proposal , one has the feeling that the more highly educated or qualified someone is , the more likely his or her field is to fall outside the scope of the directive and be protected from genuine competition .
Growth is achieved by increasing work or raising production .
Mr President , I wish to begin by warmly welcoming the focus of Austria , as the Presidency , on the western Balkans