out that our first chance to discover what they really mean comes at the implementation stage .
I am concerned that the rules which apply here are rather 'soft ' and can be used in a way that infringes people 's rights .
Even in my own country , Finland , the recommendation is in the process of being implemented .
I would say to you : let us investigate this by all means , but we should proceed with caution .
We do not need lengthy action programmes , but we do need concrete and balanced measures that will be of benefit to ordinary decent people .
One might ask oneself whether this is really the outcome of a conference attended by 15 ministers : an expression of thanks to Albania and a statement to the effect that we are prepared to provide protection for refugees from the Kosovo region .
It is now up to all those countries that have talked about a European identity and the importance of solidarity to do something in the present situation .
Our solidarity is being put to the test .
Mr President , so far the EU 's policy on refugees has consisted solely of restrictive measures .
What is required instead is , above all , a shared responsibility throughout the whole of Europe , and not just in the EU , for those who need protection .
This principle has numerous shortcomings , as does Eurodac itself .
And thirdly , fingerprinting infringes the integrity of the person and should only be done where it is genuinely necessary .
It constituted what amounts to a frontal attack on the foundations of a humane asylum policy .
I think he has been a good friend to agriculture and the countryside and many others share my view , even if I do not always see eye to eye with him .
Instead , I support the Liberals on this issue , in other words the Commission 's proposal for the most part rather than the amendments .
In making savings , agriculture should not be the target of any economies that are required as a condition for eastward enlargement .
And there is a strong likelihood that it will be some time before the market functions reliably .
In this context , I should like to say that what emerges from Mr Fantuzzi 's report about endeavouring to increase sales is constructive .
It is time to make changes which will last well beyond the year 2006 .
There can be no doubt that this directive is needed , as developments during recent years have shown .
In my view , 50 employees is far too high a figure - even 20 is too high .
Therefore , all things considered , I regard this proposal as a successful step in a process whereby all employees will have the right to consultation and information in the future .
To incorporate the contents into European legislation might run directly counter to our desired objectives .
The necessary frameworks are best devised within individual workplaces and would only be hindered by the bureaucratic superstructure of a labour market policy , for which some people would now like to use European cooperation .
I should not like to be a party to that , and I am glad that many of those present in the House today have said the same thing .
If it is to be applied in the right way , it is vital that it should have strong support from the social partners .
With particular reference to my own country , Sweden , we make a point of ensuring that such support exists , so that rules of this kind have some meaning .
Its scope has now been extended to cover a further five to six million people , which means that it is even more important to ensure that the rules are both practical and constructive .
Secondly , regulation should be on the conservative side , rather than too detailed .
The Commission agreed with the line taken by Parliament .
Of course , it is not just their effect on the environment that is a major cause for concern ; people 's health is also at risk .
Taxes of this kind have been a great success in Sweden .
This is also an area in which the trading of emission rights provides a means of achieving some stability in our efforts to reach the requirements laid down in the Kyoto Protocol .
In France , 22 % of forest areas are affected .
These figures show that emissions from large combustion plants create a problem which should be a priority for common , supranational regulation .
Unfortunately , most of what you see is pretty much dead as a result of acidification and pollution imported from afar - from countries and regions which shall be nameless , but which are certainly very much aware of the fact that within their borders they have large combustion plants which are making these beautiful images virtually lifeless , in spite of appearances .
The Oomen-Ruijten report is therefore particularly relevant for my home region , for the survival of both animals and plants , as well as for the streams and everything else that is touched by acidification .
The existing plants are responsible for a considerable proportion of the emissions .
It would therefore be virtual madness to wait for a further five years until these combustion plants stop of their own accord .
I only hope that more people in the House can be persuaded to think about saving more lives .
We are using a resource that is virtually comparable with a biofuel , and thereby helping to combat global warming .
In Sweden , the manufacture of pulp has traditionally used wood residues for burning in the manufacturing process