enough to stop the Balkan crisis in 1991 , as Mr  Frattini has also said today .
The St Petersburg Declaration marked out the path to create four common spaces .
Commissioner Lamy recently spoke to the Council on this matter and was given strong encouragement to continue with the negotiations .
Talks with the Russian authorities on this subject have already started and this is encouraging in any case ; a working group has already met , on 13 October , to deal with this matter .
I must also mention the possibility of renewing the cooperation agreement in the field of science and technology , and also the prospect of including the Russian Federation in certain Community programmes in the culture and education sector , something that the Italian Presidency is encouraging .
We have also supported the passing of an amnesty law , which will be important in furthering the reconciliation process .
We shall spare no effort or encouragement in this direction .     – Mr President-in-Office of the Council , Commissioner , I am sorry , but the policy you both stand for today is no longer just a vile and irresponsible policy : it is a criminal policy , because what you are doing , Mr President-in-Office , is criminalising an entire people .
You have presented them as a terrorist people ; the foreign ministers of the five largest countries in the European Union , who met in Paris last week , promised each other to exchange information on the international terrorist training camps in Chechnya .
At the same time , I think it is quite right – and the Presidency confirms this – to have continued to encourage the constitutional reform approach that President Putin has embarked on and which he confirms and maintains .
That is why we must ask ourselves how we should act in practical terms so that the sacrifice of human life that it inevitably requires can be stopped for good .
If the data really confirm that there is a trend towards an expansion of the abolitionist front , we wonder : is it now worth running the risk of the resolution failing – given the uncertainty of the outcome – or might it not be better to wait until our position has been further consolidated ?
On the other hand , it is quite clear to us that many governments within the European Union are still rather baffled and are wondering how best to pursue this objective , which we all share .
If the initiative comes from Europe , it will certainly have greater force ; if it comes from the governments of European countries it will certainly have less force but it will be equally important .
I am thinking more of the duty of battle , the duty of the political battle that the European Union must carry on its own shoulders .
Finally , the death penalty is also a punishment that terrorists are continually giving by killing unarmed citizens .
My time has run out but I fear that your time is running out for credibility and decency .
I am ready to comply with this request when Parliament says what it thinks in this regard .     In 2002 , the Commission presented a Communication on the integrated management of external borders of the Member States of the European Union , which gave a comprehensive view of future border management .
In the Thessaloniki conclusions , the Council invites the Commission to examine the need to create new institutional mechanisms , including a European operational structure , in order to enhance operational cooperation for the management of external borders .
The principle is that of a European agency that coordinates all operations .
There will clearly soon be developments and results that , at the moment , we are not in a position to predict , given that the debate began on 13 September , less than a month ago .     The European Union has expressed its concern to Turkey about the framework agreement on customs union with the Republic of Northern Cyprus and , in particular , stated that , over and above the implications of a legal and commercial nature , the signing of the said agreement damages the efforts intended to resolve the Cyprus issue and goes against the spirit of the plan drawn up by UN Secretary General , Kofi Annan .
According to the Union’s guidelines on food distribution in Zimbabwe , agreed by the Commission and the Heads of Mission in Harare in 2002 , the management and distribution of food are based on need and not on political criteria .
The Union will continue to follow the development of the food crisis closely , in the hope that the Zimbabwe Government will , indeed , respect the humanitarian principles of the recently-signed Memoranda of Understanding .     As Mr Cushnahan knows from the Council’s reply to his previous question , the Commission was commissioned to carry out a feasibility study to improve controls at maritime borders following the adoption of the comprehensive plan to combat illegal immigration and trafficking in human beings in February 2002 .
The Union has been encouraged by the clear commitment to human rights for everyone made by President Fox’s administration and his pledge to considering this one of the most important priorities of his government .
We welcomed Mexico’s cooperation with the United Nations High Commissioner for human rights ( UNHCR ) .
As I mentioned earlier , the aim is to approve the launch of a European agency specialised in this area at the December European Council .
This issue is part of a broad , comprehensive approach to immigration that is balanced and integrated .
The extremely sensitive and important issue of popular approval of the draft Treaty is an issue for the Member States , and each State is governed by different laws