The revised regulation will act as a safety valve against the excessive and uncontrolled charges imposed to date by mobile telephone companies , as the commissioner said .
The image conveyed to citizens by our Parliament and by the European Union in general is very important .
One example raised is the example of the improvement which we have finally made in the area of the status of parliamentarians and parliamentary assistants , after many years of endeavour , and at this point I too should like to take my turn in welcoming the efforts made by my colleague Mr Casaca .
The major issue is the problem of the scope of cohesion , but here I want to say that we socialists are calling for improvement , credibility , efficacy and simplification , as the commissioner also said .
Mr President , deforestation is responsible for approximately 20 % of greenhouse gas emissions at global level .
In order to promote a policy to address this issue , the European Commission issued a communication in October 2008 , which the Council accepted in full last December .
As such , the Commission has made specific undertakings in the aim of strengthening the cohesion of European policies .
Allow me now to refer to one of the main factors of deforestation : illegal logging .
The core element of the above action plan was the conclusion of voluntary partnership agreements with third-country timber producers .
According to the proposed regulation , operators must minimise the risk of placing illegally logged timber and related products on the market by demonstrating due diligence , when they place these products on the European Union market , in obtaining information on the provenance and legality of the products in question .
I should like to extend my especial thanks to the rapporteur , Mrs Lucas , to the shadow rapporteurs and to the draftsman of the opinion , Mr Ford , on their exceptionally diligent work .
However , while this approach is quite attractive at first sight , it presents important practical and political difficulties .
If the legality of the timber is checked when it is first placed on the market , it would not appear to be necessary for checks to continue at all subsequent stages of the supply chain .
As regards the amendments relating to the recognition of monitoring and control authorities , we believe that , by making the Member States responsible for recognising these authorities , our initial proposal is more in keeping with the principle of subsidiarity .
Finally , we also understand why it has been proposed to standardise the application of the law in the Member States .
The new instrument includes five components which cover the priorities defined in accordance with the needs of the beneficiary country , namely transition assistance and institution building , cross-border cooperation , regional development , human resources development and rural development .
We would also point out that the objective of parliamentary control of pre-accession assistance is not only to examine if the funds available were used legitimately , but also to evaluate if they were actually allocated to accession priorities and if the desired results were achieved .
We also call for cross-border cooperation to be strengthened , in order to promote reconciliation and good neighbourly relations between beneficiary countries and between them and the Member States of the European Union to a greater degree .
Madam President , I should like first of all to express my support for those who were affected by the recent forest fires .
I must also say that this pilot programme is a small part , a partial implementation of proposals and ideas from the report by Michel Barnier , to whom I also express my thanks .
On the occasion of these recent fires , many voices were again raised by politicians , scientists , journalists and simple citizens , calling for the creation at European level of a specialist fire-fighting force able to intervene directly and effectively when national fire-fighting resources are insufficient .
In fact , the national airborne resources , be they Greek , Portuguese or Italian , and those that came from other countries , were joined by the purely Community fire-fighting aircraft , which fly under the flag of the European Union , not under the flag of a Member State .
I consider that there is now an urgent need to create an independent capacity to deal with natural disasters at Community level .
Also , there are arguments that the existence of a European fire-fighting force would give a false sense of security to many national authorities , which might neglect the necessary investment required in human resources , in fire-fighting resources and , more importantly , in the prevention of fires and other natural disasters .
Apart from these reactions , there are a number of practical problems , problems of coordination , especially on the question of forest fires .
The Council , the European Parliament and the Commission will all need to be persuaded and to cooperate in the creation of this mechanism .
Everyone knows how important intervention was both in the case of the tsunami and during hurricane Katrina .
This is a systemic disaster of massive proportions and will worsen over the next few decades .
However , every year , under exceptional circumstances , there are hugely destructive fires for which external assistance and solidarity are needed .
It is important for this House to demonstrate its awareness of this crucial issue to southern Europe .
For at least six years , we have been talking about a common European civil protection force .
Finally , Commissioner , you know , better than all of us , that we face a new generation of fires , so-called high-intensity fires , which are directly linked to climate change and mainly affect forests in the Mediterranean and southern Europe .
Unfortunately , both the main parties have tried to mitigate and reduce the constitutional protection of forests .
The