Cars are one of the fastest growing sources of waste we have in Europe .
Secondly , we want to establish the fact that the manufacturer is liable .
We can no longer take care of these matters at the end of a product ' s life-cycle .
Thirdly , we wish to achieve the recycling objectives specified in the present directive .
Two important questions have arisen in this regard .
The first question , then , is about who should pay .
Do we imagine , then , that the cost would disappear if we were not to adopt this directive ?
The cost will not therefore disappear , but now we are clarifying whose liability it is and how the cost is to be distributed .
Is it the case that the motives behind the proposed measures are in actual fact concerned with reducing the competitiveness of the European car industry ?
What kind of requirements do you think our children and grandchildren and future legislators are going to make of cars ?
The fact that we have a European car industry which has already made great strides more than properly compensates for the fact that there are , in fact , a good many cars on European roads for which they must take responsibility .
The industry itself will ensure that these systems are introduced in Europe .
The costs will not disappear .
That is what I should like to say by way of introduction .
I also want to comment on the question as to whether there is to be any retroactive legislation .
Clearly , we must consider the problem which exists here and now and the challenge presented by the existing range of cars .
We have what we require in order to deal with end-of-life cars .
I believe it will have very positive and noticeable effects on the environment .
However , we obtained a well-balanced common position in July during the Finnish Presidency .
Three amendments can be partially approved , and one can be approved in principle .
Amendments Nos 6 and 21 are new ; the Commission can approve these .
Parliament has traditionally made a major contribution to strengthening environmental legislation in Europe .
I want to deal with these amendments on a group-by-group basis .
This would mean that the process of replacing dangerous substances would be implemented more slowly .
The compromise reached by the Council is fair but fragile .
This does not impose disproportionate costs upon manufacturers .
Far from it .
These amendments would also make the objectives awkward to deal with and difficult to supervise .
We do not consider that Amendments Nos 2 and 14 add anything to the directive .
Amendments Nos 29 , 31 and 41 water down the requirements concerning the dismantling of vehicles .
We need a directive in this area , and we also therefore want to avoid a complicated conciliation procedure .
We also argued this in November 1999 , and we would therefore refer to our explanation of vote of 18 November 1999 .
Possible future Member States ought to be involved in , and have an influence upon , the shaping of the EU of the future .
The European Parliament and its Committee on Constitutional Affairs ought instead to have been more specific and concentrated on just a few points in addition to the Council decision in Helsinki , so stating what it considered to be the most pressing matters for discussion , including the question of establishing a public prosecutor to deal with crimes against the institutions of the European Union and their financial interests .
I therefore , of course , support the European Parliament ' s now giving the formal go-ahead to the Intergovernmental Conference .
- ( SV ) We have voted in favour of the common resolution in order to express our solidarity with all those who are exposed to xenophobia and racism .
The resolution makes no clear reference to respect for the Member States ' national identities and constitutional traditions in accordance with Article 6 of the Treaty .
A radical policy to promote security and justice in each country is the best guarantee of democratic development in Europe .
Finland ' s experience , however , is that integration , rather than isolation , is the better way of combating antidemocratic forces .
Nor should we isolate the forces in Austria which wish to work for human rights .
It is not a very time-consuming matter , but it is extremely important that it should get through Parliament now and that there should be no delays .
( Parliament gave its assent ) Relating to Friday : President .
Mr President , I want to talk about the EQUAL report , especially the issue of the policy on refugees .
In actual fact , it is the other refugees , namely those outside the quota and those not covered by UN aid , who need aid the most .
It is therefore crucially important that the Chamber should be as emphatic as it possibly can be in establishing the fact that all refugees are to have a place on the EQUAL programme .
Madam President , Mr President of the Commission , ' Shaping the new Europe ' is an ambitious objective both for the Commission and for us all .
The Commission is correct in stating that the Union intends to develop and safeguard the welfare state in an age of globalisation .
It foresees a just and more effective Europe that also recognises its responsibilities beyond its own borders out of solidarity and enlightened self-interest .
However , there are two omissions which need to be addressed in our future work .
It is therefore noticeable that 'equality ' , 'gender ' and 'women' are barely mentioned in ' Shaping the New Europe ' .
The EU