one hand and budgetary discipline on the other can be accommodated .
Mr President , the Commission proposal for a legal basis for reproductive and sexual health and related rights in developing countries was put before the legislative authority - in this instance , the Council and Parliament in a codecision procedure - on 7 March 2002 .
Indeed , this was one reason why we have , among other things , made provision for the European Budget to endow the Global Health Fund with substantial sums , and the programme we are discussing makes an important contribution to putting health care in the developing world on a firmer foundation .
Thank you .
Is this what Turkey 's reform process adds up to ?
In the meantime , the DEHAP - the alliance of parties as part of which HADEP contested the latest parliamentary elections - is also threatened with a ban .
The list could go on and on .
We are glad that this balance is maintained in the Regulation in its present form .
That is what it should be , and as such it should be adhered to!
We have already heard that a number of times , but , with reference to the directive on the involvement of employees , I would like to go into further detail .
The Commission 's expectation is that this dossier will be brought to successful completion , by which is meant the adoption of the accompanying text by this House and by the Council .
The Commission 's legislative and work programme for 2003 envisages a new communication on the further transposition of parts of the 2001 communication , with specific reference to the issue of the sustainability of European tourism .
So my first question to the Commissioner is to ask whether she is willing to appoint , on an ad hoc basis , a high-level working party , which would involve the tourist industry and whose purpose would be to develop a strategy to reduce the tourist industry 's costs and to stimulate international tourism ?
The European Parliament - well my group at least , but I think this also applies to the other groups - will be considering very carefully what further progress can be made towards a peaceful solution in Chechnya .
I believe that the European Union has an important role to play here , and on behalf of my group I welcome the fact that you have been to Iraq , Commissioner Nielson .
There is no legal basis in international law for the attacking forces ' additional objective of overthrowing the regime of the dictator Saddam Hussein , nor is there any such provision in the Charter of the United Nations .
The draft Security Council resolution is a farce and the British minister Clare Short has acted consistently by resigning .
The objective of 'political union ' also has its limits .
There should also be a financial instrument directly compatible with this and administered in a decentralised way .
We also need to ask ourselves what the limits are to Europe 's capacity for integration .
If we want to , we can demand a lot more from neighbours who also belong to the Council of Europe : for example , in return for granting trade preferences , we can make demands in the area of human rights .
I regard the energy alliance as very important indeed , but as not going far enough .
My expectation of the Commission and the Council is that they keep their promise , which will mean that the discussion must give priority to peaceful resolution of the conflict in Chechnya , and that there must be real insistence on dialogue at long last .
Diplomacy , however , is what is called for here , in order to break the spiral of violence and responses to violence .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the Council has asked the Commission to produce a study of the effects of Basle II .
I do not want to go into the individual proposals in detail right now , but the incidence of fowlpest or chicken flu is now showing us how important it is to find a new direction for the control of zoonoses and fundamentally re-evaluate it .
The courses of action set in motion in the Member States affected were unable to prevent the spread of the virus .
In so far as the Member States ' responsibilities will change at all , they will increase , as the decision as to which epidemic strategy is to be applied , and when , is to become a matter for the country in question , and rightly so .
It is certain , though , that in the long term , the most important mass medium is radio , which could - and should - be even more widely used as a means of providing education than it has been so far .
No, they cannot .
Performers in films have been waiting for years for a minimum of protection for their copyrights at an international level .
I would like , therefore , to suggest that the Commission should forward to us , not only here in plenary in good time before the conference , but also after it in the relevant specialist committee , a report on the outcome of the negotiations and on the progress that - it is to be hoped - will have been achieved .
A second aspect , and an important one , is the use of names .
Any discussion of the ecopoint system resulting from this Common Position of the Council must be conducted in serious and reputable manner .
Should not all this be enough to put us in a better position than we are in ?
I reject any coordination of Member States ' economic policies by the European Union