be good if , at a joint European level , we could attempt to regulate traffic before it has developed , and make new provision for it .
We can propose as many toasts as we like at the prospect of a combined transport project .
It is therefore not just a question of deregulation , privatization , or any other scheme we can dream up .
I wish the Commissioners good luck on the Council as they seek to convince the various ministers that these projects are worth investing in .
Mr President , the Liberal Group can express nothing but great satisfaction with the Whitehead report and its attempt to introduce a system of priorities .
One of our great concerns in the Liberal Group is that we not only create a Europe for companies , but also a Europe for citizens , a significant aspect of which is a Europe for consumers .
There are two important aspects which we would emphasize .
I will not go into the latter because the last three speakers have already spoken on this at length .
We in the Liberal Group are staunch supporters of the internal market , but the counterpart to the internal market is free choice for the consumer .
A prerequisite for achieving free choice is that we , as consumer , are given information , which is why I would like to ask the Commissioner about the marking regulations .
This is a great declaration of confidence on the part of the Commission .
It requires clearly defined marking , and not least it requires information as to what the markings mean .
Thank you .
I look forward to the Commissioner 's response .
As consumers we need something better than this .
There is also need to promote the labelling of products with environmental and energy information , and to establish consumer legislation in all Member States .
One can either , as Mr Whitehead has done , argue for the setting up of European consumer information , with campaigns and information centres , or - and this is the argument which I myself support - one can argue that the already established national consumer organisations should work together for an appropriate re-adjustment , in concrete terms by strengthening BEUC , and then acting jointly in the political arena .
But despite this lack of uniformity , we will of course vote in favour of Mr Whitehead 's report .
That is why it must begin , first and foremost , with the government conference .
It must be clear from the introduction to the treaty that the EU gives due consideration to consumer policy , in just the same way as it gives due consideration to sustainable development .
The treaty must brace itself for a series of other areas , so that it can also become a clear goal to promote consumer policy considerations and consumer interests .
Article 129 A is still lacking a number of points of clarification and improvements .
I am pleased to hear that the Council does not see any problems , but the Council must understand that certain countries applying for membership , namely Estonia , Latvia and Lithuania , have been concerned by the fact that there has not been the same enthusiasm as that shown by the Union to other applicants , e.g .
We have decided that all are equal in their application for membership .
I must say that this is the impression I was given as the former Chairman of the Delegation for Relations with Estonia , Latvia and Lithuania .
I agree with this view .
Both Commissions deserve blame .
The former Commission , through its negligence , was guilty of manslaughter .
In my view this is even more culpable than the actions of the former Commission , and this is my reason for not supporting the majority view about postponement , but instead to hold a vote of no confidence today .
A Commission which will not even issue a telephone list of the Commission 's employees .
I am thinking along such lines as the idea of a voluntary European service for development work .
Instead one should seek to involve the local communities .
NGOs also have some experience in country-specific efficiency analysis through their local knowledge and collaboration with the local NGOs .
So why not ask the NGOs and ECHO to enter into a close working relationship in order to produce these country-specific efficiency analyses ?
I remember how Oxfam , for instance , a whole year before the Rwanda catastrophe , pointed out time and time again what was likely to happen there .
Nor do I understand why it should be necessary for ECHO and the Commission to advertise themselves , bad advertisements at that , and I would like to know how much EU money or ECHO money is being used on such advertising .
But I am pleased that the proposed changes concerning the role of women and active participation have been included in the report .
I will vote against the proposed resolution because I am convinced that an unthinking repetition of the demand for implementation of the enactment provisions for the issuing of an import ban on furs would get in the way of using the route of negotiation in order to achieve a system which , in the long run , would do more for animal welfare , because what we are dealing with here is the trapping of animals in Canada , the USA , Russia and the EU , where millions of animals are constantly being caught by means of traps .
Leghold traps are banned publicly in the EU , but this does not apply to private land , and they can be bought , with instructions for use , on the European Parliament 's