I still believe , moreover , that the federal method is essential to this Europe of ours .
Security , justice and the protection of human rights are a genuine priority , and I would like you to know that the Commission is going to do everything possible to respond to those demands .
With regard , now , to the issue of the Directive on Services , I would very much like to say , in response specifically to Mr Swoboda , that I agree with your concerns about services of general interest .
If it has been possible for the Commission to take all these decisions unanimously , although there may have been expressed differences ; if Christian Democrats , Socialists , Liberals and Independents have reached a consensus , why might we not also achieve that here in the European Parliament and unite around an ambitious programme of reform for this Europe of ours , which takes account of social and environmental concerns ?
They want to know whether the European Commission , the European Parliament and the Council are working along the same lines and whether or not they are genuinely concerned about their problems .
The Treaty therefore clearly establishes the principle of the President 's political leadership of the College and the principle of the President 's authority .
In fact , I believe that the Commission should represent the general European interest .
We must offer an internal and an external response .
This possibility is giving more people a voice in shaping our future .
They took the initiative to propose some important ideas .
We must continue to promote the development of a world order founded upon the rule of law , but that rule of law must not just serve the interests of the rich western countries .
The European Union must , therefore , respond to the hopes placed in us both by our citizens and by our international partners , whether it be in Davos or in Porto Alegre .     Mr President , I would first of all like to say how delighted I am that a debate with the Commission , represented by yourself , Mr President of the Commission , can take place in this Parliament the day after the World Social Forum and the World Economic Forum .
It could be used in the fight against AIDS , because a recent Council document indicates that , if nothing is done between now and 2010 , a fifth of the active population in five of the developing countries most affected is going to disappear .
Mr President of the Commission , that is something else we expect from you who are , together with the Commission – and with us all – in a position to take decisions : not just good intentions or Millennium objectives , but also extremely specific proposals .     Mr President , Commission President , ladies and gentlemen , some of us were in Porto Alegre a few days ago , either as part of our national responsibilities or , in my opinion more importantly , as part of the World Parliamentary Forum .
In this context , it is vital to improve judicial cooperation in criminal and civil matters .
We need to increase the transparency of the justice system and improve people’s perception of the working methods of judges , who sometimes suffer from a lack of credibility and trust .
In particular , I do not think that we can vote again as we did in committee : hospitals and social housing must be clearly integrated in the scope .
This report is in fact deceptive : it claims to make consumers happier , while eroding their citizen 's rights with regard to public services .
The EU has experienced only moderate growth and a very slight fall in unemployment , particularly in the new Member States , yet productivity in the EU of the 25 has , according to the ILO , ‘improved at a faster rate than the world average’ .
All countries have reduced investment in order to limit government deficit .
Consumption and , most importantly , investment must be reinvigorated in a coordinated fashion .
Internal demand must be supported , which entails public and private investment and involves sending a clear message to the public authorities , both at EU and Member State level , that we are proud to be European and that we have established monetary union along with an internal market .
This runs counter both to the Treaty and to the Member States’ common interest .     – Mr President , the EU’s economic policy is currently made up of three elements : a platonic ambition – the Lisbon Strategy ; a despised constraint – public spending controls ; and a demand that has been ignored – support for purchasing power .
What do we blame the Stability and Growth Pact for ?
The current situation in which Europe finds itself scarcely fits into that pattern .
Analysis of the achievements of ‘Luxembourg , capital of culture 2007’ , based on the concept of culture in a large region and aimed at fostering cohesion among the citizens , will also offer a glimpse of the future .
It strikes me that an approach that takes the paradigm for the 21st century as absolute scientific evidence goes against the precautionary principle .
You can , of course , rely on our support in Parliament to obtain the appropriate financing to meet the challenges that I have just spoken about , under the seventh research framework programme and in chapter four of the financial perspectives .
I think that would be clearer .
The programme seeks to highlight the wide diversity of European culture , while at the same time there is the supreme contradiction of pursuing a European policy of economic , social , political and cultural uniformity .
Because we reject this vision , which will be worsened by the European Constitution , and because , although we agree that