export of bovine animals , beef and beef products from the United Kingdom to other Member States and third countries , as a protective measure .
Essentially this involved permitting exports of three by-products : gelatine , tallow and bull semen .
Although some delegations could not associate themselves with this decision and thus prevented the Council from adopting it , the Commission has always maintained , naturally on secure scientific foundations , that the proposed measures will not prejudice public and animal health .
But the United Kingdom has repeatedly stated in the Council that it cannot settle for such piecemeal decisions and its aim is to obtain a Council commitment to a framework for step-by-step progress towards complete lifting of the ban .
As regards the United Kingdom 's aim - complete lifting of the ban - I want to stress that the Council clearly stated , in paragraph 6 of its conclusions of 29 and 30 April , that the group of measures introduced by the United Kingdom , their implementation , the appropriate controls established by the Commission , the programme for selective slaughter announced by the British authorities , the supplementary measures which have proved necessary and , finally , the equally necessary assurance that all future decisions will be based on solid scientific opinion , constitute reference points in a process leading to progressive lifting of the export ban , stage by stage .
In view of all this , the attitude the United Kingdom has adopted in the last few weeks , expressed in the policy of non-cooperation with certain decisions of the European Union , does not appear to be the best way of serving the common objective of preserving public health and progressively rebuilding the market through the positive effects of the health measures .
Finally , I want to remind the European Parliament that the last Agriculture Council meeting also dealt with the Commission proposal on emergency income support measures in the beef-producing countries of the European Union .
We must all work together to send a message of confidence to the world of the producers and to the consumers .
The agreement now approved has in itself some good aspects ; it will bring the people of Morocco closer to Europe and will have the effect of bringing Europe closer to the people of Morocco .
Farassino report Mr President , I should like to give an account of something that happened recently and ask the presidency about it .
Were they police officers ?
What was decided about EMU and a single currency at Maastricht was not set in concrete .
I agree with the rapporteur 's proposal to concentrate priorities or focus on such basic areas as educational multimedia and hydraulic resources .
My country has been fishing in that zone since the 15th century , cod in particular , the historic reason for which Portugal is now the world 's biggest market for that fish .
It is difficult to see why the European Union should have delegated to Canada scientific research in areas as important as 2J , 3K , 3L and 3NO , knowing full well that the interests of both parties clash over this .
We think , however , that every time that association agreements are concluded with third countries - in which , apart from Community funding fishery products are exempted from customs duties - we should negotiate fishery quotas for Community producers that correspond to the amount of non-received customs duties .
In fact , only a few years ago we were accepting reductions in our fish quotas but these countries were increasing theirs .
What alternatives does the Commission propose to fishermen , industrialists and workers and their families whose livelihood depends on Portuguese fisheries ?
However this strategy , albeit vital , has not been very transparent nor has it been applied by everyone , indeed by very many .
Neither the Commission , nor the Member States , nor the government of my country .
First of all , I think that this report will be a reference text marking - I am quite certain - the line to be taken by the Union in respect of NAFO.
Nobody can forget , especially when we are discussing the Multiannual Guidance Programmes 1997-2002 , when we debate the crisis in the sector or thinking beyond the year 2002 .
When assessing requirements for an expatriate presence for a given project , the Commission bears in mind the objective of the given project , the country 's logistic and technical capacity in terms of the planned action , the experience and financial management capacity of the beneficiaries .
The reason was that the administration was in a shambles and it really was not possible to carry out some essential projects if we did not contribute some expertise of our own .
Mr President , European Union aid to sub-Saharan Africa is comprised , as you know , of resources earmarked in the Union 's budget and the European Development Fund which , as you know , too , is currently and against the will of the Commission not yet receiving European budget funding because of the Council 's refusal .
As far as the Union budget is concerned , the importance attributed to the ACP countries and especially the poorest ones in the framework of aid and cooperation policies has likewise not gone down over recent years .
I have given some figures but I should like to emphasize that translated into dollars , the currency usually used for development aid cooperation , the increase from the VIIth to the VIIIth EDF budget was almost 50 % .
In that regard I have been urging Member States that we should coordinate our efforts and find ways of working together and that there should be no decrease in the bilateral effort which has been crucial in many countries and places for many different reasons