this happening in future by strengthening the regulation , which I believe is No 2679/98.
Madam President , I also refer to the point of order that was raised about the nuclear submarine in Gibraltar .
I would ask you and other Members to bear in mind , when considering this issue and when it comes for debate that , although Gibraltar is part of the European Union , the residents of Gibraltar do not themselves have direct representation in this Parliament .
I would ask this House to give urgent consideration to the exclusion of those citizens and to secure their representation in this Parliament so they can bring their concerns to this House themselves .
Madam President , I am afraid I must raise this issue again .
In your letter of 14 July it appears to me that this House is putting Members ' health below that of the state of the carpets .
I was quite shocked to receive the letter to say that ashtrays will be put outside the Chamber , along with no smoking signs , because you have always been helpful in the past on this matter of smoking in this building .
It is incredible to me that there are Parliament rules stating that there are no smoking areas yet we do not have a safe passage into this Chamber .
I have just been diagnosed with deep vein thrombosis and the medication I am taking makes my asthma worse .
I plead for a safe route from my office into this plenary session , not only for me but for other Members here who suffer from other breathing problems .
I hope this will be put into place immediately because , otherwise , my health and other people 's health will suffer .
I hope you will look into it as a matter of urgency and remove all ashtrays from all the no smoking areas as a matter of course .
To reply to what you said to me , the regulations are already in place .
European Parliament rules have been drawn up , and we are not abiding by them .
Mr President , we very much welcome these two positive reports and congratulate the rapporteurs and fully support the vital importance of the MEDA programme .
In this respect it is critically important that the funding should be properly applied .
I would urge the House to support the two amendments tabled to the Piétrasanta report in the name of this group .
As a member of Parliament 's delegation to the Mashreq countries and Gulf States , I am concerned that the association agreements with these countries should be ratified as expeditiously as possible ; the Jordanian agreement in particular is only slowly proceeding through the ratification process .
Our amendment urges the Member State parliaments which have not yet ratified the agreement to hasten this process .
Our other amendment refers to a degree of hypocrisy in our approach to developing a fully free-trade zone in the Mediterranean area .
As Mr Valdivielso pointed out in his speech , the EU has a large trade surplus with this area .
Yes , we call for a free-trade zone but when it comes to those products which these countries could most readily export into Europe - i .e . agricultural and food products - we maintain trade restrictions .
Our friends in these countries understandably question our sincerity .
I accept that free access to Europe for Mediterranean products poses problems for producers in our southern Member States , but surely this problem could be compensated at least to some extent in the CAP.
So our second amendment calls for the acceleration of progress to free trade for all products including food and agriculture .
I would appreciate the Commission 's estimate as to the likely timing for achieving a full free-trade zone in the Mediterranean and how it intends to implement this .
I would urge my colleagues to support these amendments along with the two excellent reports under consideration .
Outwardly , Mr Galeote Quecedo 's report seems very reasonable , but on closer examination , we get a rather different picture .
If the proposals were pursued , we would have another building block in the construction of a European State .
There are many points of detail in the report which are particularly controversial , not least the idea of European Union embassies and the suggestion that the European Union should have " coordinated representation in international bodies such as the UN" .
The implication of this is that the United Kingdom and France should give up their seats in the Security Council and make way for an EU representative .
I am alarmed at the anti-United States rhetoric which we have heard from a number of speakers , and at some of the other outbursts from other Members .
This is hardly the moment for the Commission to be encouraged to embark on yet another ambitious development of its role .
The Commission 's external assistance programmes account for nearly EUR 10 billion this year , and the priority task of the Community delegations is to administer these programmes properly and efficiently .
Mr Patten has just made reference to this .
In his communication on the reform of external assistance , Mr Patten recognised , and I quote , "acute staff shortages have had a direct and negative impact on the speediness and quality of EC aid delivery " .
He said that there is an urgent need to focus activities on core tasks and that additional staff needs will be concentrated in the area of project and programme implementation , in particular within delegations .
The clear conclusion is that the most important role of delegations is the administration of external assistance , not to try and run some additional diplomatic tasks .
Management personnel is what we need in the delegations