I voted against the motion for numerous reasons ; my main reasons are outlined below .
It promotes disgusting mass redundancies , it does not strengthen the right of access to asylum , it paves the way for the active participation of the EU in refugee camps outside its borders and for the imposition of leonine agreements with third countries , but is indifferent to the safeguarding of human rights .
Mr President , Commissioner , Mr President-in-Office , to start with the question of the enlargement strategy , I should like to say that , judging from enlargements to date and from how we approach new candidate countries , I think that the policy of the European Union does not always help in addressing the economic and social problems of the workers and of the societies which have acceded or will accede and , in numerous cases , assistance , financial and otherwise , is either inadequate or goes in the wrong direction and , as a result , regional and social equalities are either perpetuated or extended .
I should also like to mention the case of Kosovo .
I should like to ask you , Commissioner and Mr President-in-Office , what you think of the latest initiative by the newly-elected Greek Prime Minister for a meeting with the prime ministers of Albania and FYROM ?
Mr President , Article 49 of the Treaty of Rome is not , in my view , a romantic urge to the Member States to participate in the enlargement of a unified Europe .
Tomorrow , the Council will examine the motion for a resolution by Mr Albertini , in which he expressly states that , although Turkey has made some progress in terms of meeting the Copenhagen political criteria , a great deal still needs to be done , both in the human rights , freedom of speech and religious freedom sectors , and in Turkey 's political conduct in general in the system of justice and so on .
As far as FYROM is concerned , I have two things to say : we have noted that recent actions and statements by its Prime Minister are causing problems in neighbouring countries and we should like this behaviour to be toned down .
It must start to honour its commitments immediately , otherwise it will not come through evaluation in December unscathed .
Finally , the energy chapter cannot be opened as long as Turkey prevents the Republic of Cyprus from exercising its sovereign rights in its exclusive economic zone .
Until now , the only information we have had , both from international media and from all sides , was about progress in military operations .
Our reaction , apart from today 's question , is the resolution that I hope we shall pass tomorrow , on which we have achieved a good compromise and which , I think , expresses the majority view in the House .
Parents have a duty to protect , but they need our help , because passive smoking by children has not been researched sufficiently and , consequently , neither parents nor anyone else knows what the consequences are of children 's long-term exposure to smoke and to what degree they need to be protected .
Madam President , I apologise because this issue is of great interest and has many facets and I shall be a little long-winded in my statement for the benefit of the honourable Members of Parliament .
Very detailed standards and requirements have been established at the level of the World Organisation for Animal Health to prevent the spread of FMD.
Let me take traceability as an example .
On the other hand , traceability rules applying to third countries exporting to the EU are aimed solely at ensuring that imported meat does not pose unacceptable risks for the EU.
These measures can be grouped into five main levels of protection .
Third , beef-exporting countries must have an approved monitoring plan for specific residues from veterinary medical products , growth promoters and performance enhancers which are restricted or banned in food-producing animals in the EU.
Fourth , all imports of fresh meat must come from an approved slaughterhouse that has been authorised and listed for that specific purpose .
For the seven other authorised countries , only deboned and matured beef without offal can be exported to the European Union .
All imported meat must undergo mandatory veterinary checks at EU borders .
Furthermore , we have an additional level of protection through our ban on feeding swill or catering waste to animals throughout the EU.
In its opinion , EFSA stated , ' The EU thus has a sophisticated import control system in place .
I am sure I do not need to remind you that the FMD outbreak in the UK in 2001 was caused by the illegal introduction of meat - most probably from Asia - and the illegal use of swill feeding .
I would like to remind you that additional requirements were established for imports of Brazilian beef in January last year .
As a consequence , the Brazilian authorities reassessed holdings wishing to produce beef meat for export to the EU.
In any case , the overall findings did not justify any further restriction on imports of beef from Brazil .
I would like to conclude by assuring Parliament that the Commission will continue to target illegal introductions which present the greatest risk to our high standards .
Physical abuse , rape , trafficking and so on are forms of violence which demonstrate the gender dimension of the class aspect of female inequality .
We radically disagree with the creation by NGOs and private individuals of counselling centres and agencies to support maltreated women .
The food production and distribution multinationals are uprooting farmers and concentrating the land , thereby striking a heavy blow at poor and average farmers .
Farmers