we practise in agricultural matters is costing us the far more important matter of the liberalisation of trade in services and industrial goods .
If it is you that fail , the Commission too fails .
We are guests in her house and we must follow her rules .
That is why we must quickly limit emissions .
Countries that do not accept responsibility for the climate should not be able to be parasitic upon our earth .
Legal proceedings cannot be taken against climate chaos .
It is for the Member States to adopt positions on this type of issue .
Thirdly , the players who would be affected by this directive do not think very much of it .
Its main advocate is the Commission , which wants to drive through this legislation at any price .
First and foremost , we do not need the directive .
This proposal by the Commission is for a piece of centralised European regulation .
Unfortunately , it is not , then , out of concern for the ports and transportation that the European Commission has put forward this proposal .
Finally , this ports directive would be bad for port workers .
It is about whether competition would cause matters to become worse for consumers , employees and businesses .
I remember how , when telecommunications deregulation was , at one stage , debated , it was maintained in all seriousness that telephone calls would be a thing of the past and that those who worked within the industry would lose their jobs .
In actual fact , there have been more jobs .
What is at issue here is not only the whole flow of goods in Europe , but also opportunities for new regions to develop – new ports and new structures in our economy .
That is why the basic issue is that of whether we want , as I myself do , to see a more dynamic flow of goods in Europe .     The report is aimed at strengthening citizenship of the Union by making it independent of national citizenship and by requiring harmonised rules for the granting of national citizenship .
It is up to each Member State to establish the conditions under which citizenship is acquired or forfeited , as well as the effect citizenship is to have .
It is not , however , defensible for the EU to use this as a lever for developing its ambitions to take control of the Member States ' democratic structures and so increase its powers .     We have voted in favour of the report on the trafficking of women and children .
Sexual exploitation and human trafficking must be combated .
The June List therefore chooses to vote against the own-initiative report .     There is a link between combating , on the one hand , human trafficking and , on the other hand , the demand for related services from those who buy sex .
My question is as follows : is this directive adapted to all labour market models within the EU or only to those governed by legislation and collective agreements declared to be universally applicable ?
This perhaps mainly affects ourselves up in the Nordic countries where there are many miles between different households and villages .     I wish particularly to thank the Commissioner for his excellent answer to Mrs Roithová’s question , and I wonder if the Commission might help bring about some understanding of these issues by producing basic data showing that this is an area in which genuine added value can be obtained .
The fact is that , today , the European Parliament has almost unanimously adopted a very powerful report on human trafficking .
I asked this question precisely because Colombia is in the process of becoming the scene for our second largest refugee disaster .
Thank you very much for your answer , and I naturally hope that we shall jointly make progress in these peace initiatives being taken by the EU.     Mr President , the Confederal Group of the European United Left/Nordic Green Left supports all the amendments by the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Food Safety to this regulation on the EU’s application of the Århus Convention .
Two points are of special importance to us .
Much criticism has been directed over the years at the EIB’s handling of environmental issues , its failure to take due account of the environment and its considerable lack of transparency .
It is the major disasters that occurred a few years ago , involving collapsing mine embankments , above all in Romania and Spain .
When we look at the proposal put forward by the Commission a few years ago and at the proposal on which we are to take a decision tomorrow , there are significant differences .
Firstly , rules on embankment safety have been devised to prevent this type of disaster from occurring in the future .
There are also rules to the effect that the site at which the mining takes place must be rehabilitated .
This is important , especially because Romania has significant problems in this area .
It is important to realise , however , that the environmental costs of rehabilitating the land would be part of companies ’ production costs and that this is only right .
Last but not least – and most important of all – is the fact that it will benefit the environment and the health of those who live in the areas concerned .
The rules governing waste not classified as dangerous are weaker than they should be .
Where historic waste is concerned , there are no clear requirements to take measures for dealing with this .
Finally , I should also like to take this opportunity to thank those with whom I have worked , including the shadow rapporteurs for the various groups whose constructive cooperation I have enjoyed .
