.
To cut a long story short , the conductor of such a mediocre brass band had a dual task .
The European elections have demonstrated that voters are not only indifferent , as you quite rightly pointed out ; they are also outraged by the European institutions .
I just hope that the debate does not turn out to be a vague and insipid discussion .
I would therefore ask the Netherlands Presidency in any case to make the necessary arrangements .
I do indeed hope that it will .     Mr President , the Dutch Government is calling for priority to be given to economic growth and to the fight against terrorism .
If Mr Balkenende wants to transform the whole of Europe in this way , he will bring about major social conflict , because public opinion is heading in a different direction .
Although the Lisbon Summit has decided to dispose of public services , this Parliament subsequently decided , at my proposal and by a large majority , to dispense with this requirement concerning public transport .
However , in my opinion , the interpretation of this Lisbon agenda is extremely social .
I would like to sketch out three other points .
That does not mean , however , that everything has to be thrown out , that all protective and corrective measures have to be done away with .
You have heard words of appreciation , from Mr Poettering for example , who is also proposing to upgrade you where the team photograph of the European Council is concerned – the same goes for the President of the European Parliament for that matter .
Then you said that you have just under ten minutes .
It is their move , and they will have to change their legislation and other things .
As far as the Presidency is concerned , the Stability Pact is not simply a matter of a few criteria , it is about the goals that are sought with them , and I have , for example , heard that there has been talk of the future reliable funding of pensions ; it is important to look at the objectives behind the Pact again and , partly for this reason , a declaration about the Stability Pact has been attached to the recently agreed Constitutional Treaty that once again confirms that it is a ‘rule-based system ’ and that we must also take these criteria seriously .
On the other hand we can also see that 25 governments have ranged themselves behind the constitution , and the constitution is going to be signed in Rome on 29 October .
For this reason too it will not , I think , be possible to organise everything on one day , simply on the grounds of the different constitutional traditions .
I know that you appreciate the intensive involvement of Parliament and , as part of the conciliation , agreements were made on 16 July about contacts between the Presidency and the European Parliament .
It is good to say again that the Lisbon process will have to be characterised by three elements : it is about growth and about the strengthening of technology , of knowledge and of innovation .
When I spoke earlier , I referred to the importance of concern for the environment .
Last Monday it was decided that the procedure should be restarted , and there is a commitment from all the Member States that , precisely because of the arguments you mentioned , a new director should be appointed during the Netherlands Presidency .
The point now is that there is a directive requiring asylum seekers to have a right to an actual legal remedy .
The European Union has always demonstrated its concern about the situation in Guantanamo Bay and , on several occasions and at several levels in its contacts with the United States , has spoken out in favour of the treatment of the detainees meeting the standards of the Geneva Conventions and human rights .
One voice says : we see mistrust in the citizen , there is euroscepticism .
Often we have far too little time for this .
This is what it is all about , and this is what we are dedicating ourselves to .     – Sorry , Mr President , for the confusion , but there are a lot of new people in the new Parliament .
In the context of a broader security policy , we want to advocate development , support to developing countries , fair trade and tackling not only insecurity , but also its causes .
We have also said what needed to be said about that over the past six months .
What the voters are telling us , telling Parliament , the Council and the Commission , is that things cannot go on any longer the way they are .
I might add , by the way , that I am assuming you are not , partly on the basis of what you said earlier , but will you be carrying on with the backroom deals , with decisions taken by ministers in ‘old boy network ’ style , or will you , like the public , say , ‘it cannot , indeed , go on this way’ ?
There are those who fear that this might lead to it being diluted .
That really does not have to be the case ; the Constitution , as worked out by us in the Convention , aims to avoid that very thing , for example by reinforcing the Community method .
This cannot be done if we want to remain within too tight-fisted a framework ; for example , the 1 % limit is an impossible framework within which to really realise enlargement in the form of integration .
