In this case , though , it makes sense , and in this case it is right that we should act in this way .
It is this prompt action that helps the EU to be taken seriously as a Union for its citizens , and to show that the same EU is capable of responding with efficiency and speed to the emergency situations in which they find themselves .
Firstly , fraud-proofing must not be allowed to unduly prolong the preparation of European legislation , nor must it be limited exclusively to new draft laws .
What really will make a difference is how it is implemented .
I would like to enlarge on what you mentioned in that context ; on the one hand new draft laws , and on the other , the checking of laws already in force .
It is as if they were meant to be stamped with the words 'checked and found fraudproof' !
Now I do not want to use this opportunity to enlarge on criticism of the Commission 's book-keeping system , although there seems to be a certain amount wrong with it , but it is rather sad how the Commission continues to deal with criticism .
Secondly , we have to introduce better supervision in order to get more reliable data .
We therefore need effective monitoring by satellite , and we must tighten up the definition of an equipment failure and the consequences resulting from one .
We are all aware that the deep sea fishing fleet has rapidly increased in power and capacity .
An effective campaign must start at our own front door .
I would therefore like to urge you to vote in favour of Amendment No 81 .
Another group , among whom I count myself , declared that the proposal had to be improved .
Fair conditions are required not only because individual Member States of the European Union have already achieved a great deal whilst others have not , but also in view of the relevance of emissions trading to competition .
We will achieve no positive outcome on a worldwide basis , and that is why we are in favour not only of fair conditions , but also of letting the instruments compete until the Kyoto Protocol takes effect .
As far as I am concerned , 2008 is that end , when the same rule must apply across Europe .
This has to do with need for the Member States to ensure that the operators of installations can , within the relevant periods , bring forward allowances or put them aside for a subsequent year .
I would , though , beg the Commission to do everything possible to achieve a breakthrough on the taxation framework directive as well , as it cannot but help to supplement taxes on business and thus help Europe to successfully realise ...
The EU is not yet a political union , and so the Stability and Growth Pact is what might be termed a stopgap , an imaginary European Finance Minister .
Your task is to strengthen it rather than weaken it .
Only then will the Stability and Growth Pact be able to play its part as a positive instrument of coordination .
In my view , that can only be the Commission .
In every country , those who pursue inflationary policies suddenly felt themselves to be affirmed and encouraged by what the President of the Commission had to say .
Mr President , the Stability and Growth Pact was introduced to safeguard the euro as a strong currency , but , in view of Europe 's generally poor economic position and high rate of unemployment , it should be permissible to rethink or refine the stability criteria for the precise reason that this will keep the euro strong .
I believe that such a stance on Parliament 's part would be understood by nobody at all .
Any such attempt must meet with resistance from us .
The left-wingers in this House , though , also bear their due share of responsibility for the failures to date .
No, different groups need different arrangements , and so the Council is right to call for two different approaches .
You want to grant subsidiary protection , for five years and with a residence permit , immediately .
Solutions , though , are what the citizens of our countries have every right to expect .
Mr President , Mrs Zorba , Commissioner , on the contrary , theatre is not dead .
No holes in the Budget are stopped if we cut back on art and culture ; we are just the poorer thereby .
I regret the way that the coalition agreements in my own country mean that it is precisely this that is to be done away with .
However , it also of course affects the entire trade , pharmacists and , last but not least , the patient .
It is not acceptable for Europe 's internal market so obviously not to include the pharmaceutical industry .
That is where active substances of this kind are developed .
In committee , I spoke against the pilot project on information and advertising , as I simply cannot understand why the information provided should be extended for three special indications but with far tighter rules in other areas .
We also make this distinction in German constitutional law as a matter of principle , because Article 16 of the German constitution defines a legally obtainable right to protection against political persecution , but not a legally obtainable right to subsidiary protection .
We should take this into account in the coming weeks , months and years when we are further developing our budget policy .
I would be pleased if the other Commissioners affected were to behave in the same way .
We need an offensive on the economy , including measures to make