like their neighbours , since the future of the Western Balkans lies in the EU.
A sustainable settlement is indeed best achieved by a managed and multilateral process .
This is the time , therefore , when Europe , the EU and its Member States , must show leadership and help bring a sustainable solution to Kosovo .
We owe it to Kosovo .
Member of the Commission .
That is our point of departure in our relations with Serbia .
I have repeated this numerous times in the Serbian public debate , I shall continue to do so and I will show that Serbia has a European future , as long as that country is willing to meet the conditions that this future requires .
My second point is that international supervision covering both political and security issues will be necessary for some time in Kosovo .
Its purpose must be clear : to supervise the implementation of a status settlement that ensures the rights of all communities and the sustainable development of Kosovo .
It is difficult , frankly , to operate under conditions of political uncertainty while the process in the United Nations Security Council is still going on .
In the Commission we are working hard to ensure that the EU will be ready to deploy civilian missions to supervise the implementation of the status settlement .
It is indeed high time to create more effective and efficient instruments for establishing the EU 's Common Foreign and Security Policy .
From the outset , the European Community has been at the forefront of the debate on TRIPS and access to medicines .
In the WTO , we played an active role in bringing together almost irreconcilable positions .
The debate in the WTO first led to the adoption of the declaration in Doha in November 2001 .
Parliament , together with the Council , implemented this waiver decision by adopting it at first reading - Regulation (EC ) No 816/2006 - to allow manufacturers of generic drugs to produce patent medicines for export to countries in need without sufficient capacity to produce them .
We are now at the very end of this WTO process .
I should like to make four specific , concise points .
First , the mechanism created by the WTO decision of August 2003 and the Protocol to the TRIPS Agreement is the result of long and difficult negotiations between almost 150 countries .
This mechanism must be seen only as a part of the wider issue of access to affordable medicines for developing countries , which goes far beyond the issue of patent law .
Fourth , the Commission supports local production capacity .
To conclude , I hope that Parliament has been reassured that access to medicines remains a priority for the Commission .
Member of the Commission .
Madam President , thank you for this very responsible debate on a very important issue .
The issue also concerned what we are doing in the field of prevention , treatment and care as regards HIV , malaria and tuberculosis .
Moreover , during the period of implementation of the Sixth Framework Programme for Research , EU support for R[amp]D devoted to poverty related diseases amounted to more than EUR 455 million .
Is that enough ?
Yes , provided we have the resources needed .
And this is an area where Parliament has a key role to play .
It is important to understand how compulsory licensing works .
In other words , compulsory licenses can deliver the expected results , i .e . make medicines more affordable without being actually granted .
The outside world would not understand a delay or refusal from the European Union .
As is the offer of additional forms of protection in cases where refugee status is not given .
I wish to raise two matters in particular , from within Iraq 's borders .
Assyrian , Armenian , Orthodox and other Christian groups , as well as Mandaeans and Jews are being glaringly discriminated against in the labour market and elsewhere .
Secondly , I find incredible the threats which the Iraqi authorities have made to freeze the supply of vital goods to Iranian refugees .
It is all the more important as beef production is largely dependent on the calves which dairy cattle farms produce .
The proposals before us will simplify EU laws on the dairy industry .
The quality class system for butter would be simplified , the strict classification for fat content abolished , aid for school milk made independent of its fat content and the intervention system clarified .
The big question is the overall reform of the milk sector , which is to take place in the near future in connection with the Health Check , the mid-term review of the CAP.
It is because of these that the 1 300 million kilo butter mountain , which we still had at the end of the 1980s , has melted away and at the same time it has been possible to guarantee consumers a steady supply and diverse range of agricultural produce .
This is important because the necessary investments are made to cover periods of time lasting decades and they are massive sums for family farms .
If the quotas are abolished it will mean the investments that farmers have made buying quotas and thereby stabilising production conditions will have gone to waste .
With these observations , we would like to support the reports presented . on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group . - ( FI ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , my thanks go to Mr Ouzký and the others for an excellent motion for a resolution .
It is a potential threat for more than a billion , and possibly even as many as two billion , people .
Almost a third of the land area of the globe is at risk of desertification .
