One is on external energy relations , and the other is on innovation policy .
Before the unofficial Summit at Lahti , an Informal Tripartite Social Summit will also be held on the Friday morning .
Russia 's President , Vladimir Putin , has been invited to the dinner following the Summit of Heads of State or Government .
With regard to securing the supply of energy , the ever-increasing dependence on energy imports is a particular challenge for the EU.
If no action is taken , it has been estimated that this dependence will grow from the present level of 50 % to 70 % over the next 20 years .
During the Finnish Presidency , we will focus in particular on external energy relations , and these talks will prepare the ground for a large-scale energy debate , to be held next spring , to lead to the adoption of an energy policy action plan .
Other areas include the single market in energy , solidarity between the Member States , the diversification of energy sources , energy efficiency , renewables and innovations in the domain of energy .
In committing to common goals , the Union will also be better prepared to deal with changes in the world 's energy markets .
The first is the principles on which EU-Russian energy relations should be based , and how they should be implemented .
The second is closer relations with strategically important third countries .
Russia , whose share of imports of both oil and gas is 25 % , is the Union 's most strategically important energy partner .
The EU is dependent on imports of energy from Russia , and Russia needs long-term contracts for energy exports at market prices , as well as Western investment in the basic production of energy .
The purpose is to communicate to Russia the EU 's objective of a binding framework agreement on energy , which would take account of the interests of both parties , reciprocity and an impartial operational environment .
There is a whole range of instruments available to improve relations with third countries .
It includes the Neighbourhood Policy Action Programmes , the agreement on energy cooperation , bilateral agreements and regional ...
The European Union needs enough information to practise a more coherent energy policy .
The other main topic of the Summit of Heads of State or Government is the development of a policy on innovation .
If we stick with the way we do things now , the innovation gulf between us and our major trading partners will only grow .
The markets in the growing economies , however , also mean that there is a huge potential for exports from the Union .
Success can come just from an ability to create something new - in other words , innovation .
It is impossible to stay ahead unless there is continued investment in research and product development .
The intention at the Lahti Summit is to mention issues and challenges which call for joint action on the part of the Union .
To support effective innovation , there would need to be created an EU-wide strategy on immaterial rights .
The Presidency believes that Europe must have a cost-effective patents system , but one which adheres to the notion of quality , regardless of the choice of alternative that will form the basis for developing this system .
If we can develop the patents system further , companies will be guaranteed considerable savings on the costs of patents , which can only encourage innovation and research in Europe .
The intention is to create a new network-based European Institute of Technology , and the Commission will be putting forward a proposal on this next week .
The Presidency believes that the European Institute of Technology will allow Europe to exploit existing opportunities in companies and the scientific community more effectively .
To their credit , companies have indicated their willingness to invest in their selected platforms , and a similar commitment is now needed from public bodies financing research .
Where , for example , would the European mobile phone market have been without the GSM standard ?
The creation of pan-European technical norms for mobile phones in practice made it possible for the world 's leading player in this sector to come from Europe .
The speedy adoption of open , compatible standards is one of the keys to success in business .
Moving on , illegal immigration is a problem that affects the whole of the European Union .
At the Lahti Summit we will be discussing illegal immigration , which has become a particular problem in the Mediterranean and the southern parts of the Union .
Immigration issues have been on the agenda at all the Justice and Home Affairs Councils .
The matter is also to be discussed next week at the informal dinner of the Ministers for Development Co-operation .
At a working lunch in Lahti , the serious situation in Sudan and Darfur will also be addressed .
The spectrum of our association is very broad , and it contains elements which could serve to develop the partnership further .
Energy is an important element in the strategic partnership , and we are expecting to hear President Putin 's assessment of developments in his country 's energy sector and the energy partnership between the Union and Russia .
Not only is Politkovskaja 's death an appalling incident and a loss for her next of kin , but it is also a setback for freedom of speech in Russia .
Furthermore , the frank and robust talks that are going on between the European Union and Russia against this background of recent events are a valuable exercise .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , talks on releasing passenger data to the United States of America were brought to a conclusion last week