entering employment late in life .
The baby-boom generation is beginning to retire in this decade and by 2050 the number of those in receipt of a pension in relation to those of working age will have doubled .
In my opinion , European pension schemes have , in the main , achieved their social goals .
At European Union level we can play a part in defusing the pensions bomb by promoting the development of cross-border personal pensions and savings schemes .
Mr President , I would like to thank Mr Jonckheer for his excellent work and I think the directive , as it was approved in the committee , is very good .
Furthermore , emissions trading , which is beginning to be implemented , is an important means of regulation , and we can therefore also avoid regulation overlapping with it , as would be the case with taxation of energy products and the various exemptions proposed thereto .
In the matter of energy taxation , in general renewable natural resources should be treated favourably , and in the same way there should be tax relief on new fuels that are particularly environmentally friendly .
The Commission proposal on tax incentives with regard to certain biofuels is worthy of our firm support .
We have to remember , however , that any form of taxation that deviates from neutral taxation has an impact on market activity and for that reason any such support measures as these should be temporary and exceptional in nature , in order to promote new fuels and production methods .
If a tax were imposed on air fuel within the EU but not outside it , this would lead to refuelling outside the Union .
These fuels , such as peat , for example , which is important in my country , are of no importance to a viable internal market , but at local level they may well be very important and necessary sources of energy and employment .
In Finland and the other Nordic countries taxes on energy are already widely applied , so these countries would have no problem with even shorter periods of transition .
My group is not in favour of a shorter timescale , as Mr Jonckheer has proposed .
Mr President , the matter now before us has been an awkward one for the Council .
I am happy to note that it is just this sort of practical approach that we also see in the report drawn up by Parliament 's rapporteur .
In principle it is therefore not an obstacle to significant change .
In practice it is sorely needed .
In the integrated European economy the solution must be more coherent than ever .
I would furthermore like to raise the matter of the connection between energy taxation and the Directive on emissions trading that was recently completed .
We have to ensure that each branch of industry falls within the ambit of either energy taxation or emissions trading .
It would seem that the Commission and Parliament are to shoulder the responsibility for establishing one .
The weakest link in the proposed new Treaty is the proposals concerning the Council .
Both proposals are the wrong ones .
The Presidencies must be for two and a half years , and the Member States must be treated impartially when assigning them .
Mr President , under the Constitution the present European Union will be abolished and in its place a new one will be established , which , according to the Constitution , reflects the will of the people and states .
It is represented by governments and national parliaments .
If the subject of a referendum were the Convention 's draft Constitution without any amendments to it , I would vote against it and I would urge others to vote the same way .
The Convention brought about a redistribution of power that favoured the big countries and the Union was militarised .
It is the issue of federalism .
The EU is to be made into a federation , and on the last night the Convention , acting against the mandate for a Constitution presented at the Thessaloniki Summit , even adopted the symbols of a federation , with its own flag , anthem and national day .
That means a new type of military structural cooperation and a declaration under the Constitution that Member States will give each other collective defence guarantees .
The atmosphere when the meeting started was cautiously optimistic .
The European Union and the United States of America had reached consensus on a joint bid to lower agricultural trade barriers and subsidies , and an agreement on the introduction of generic drugs to improve medical care in the developing countries had been made .
If we ignore the chairman 's in my opinion hasty decision at the moment when everyone had prepared for at least 35 hours more of intensive negotiations , there are surely many reasons why it went wrong .
Whilst these countries talked as if they were representing all underdeveloped countries , they themselves were not prepared to abandon the high trade barriers they had in respect of poorer countries .
Moreover , it is worth asking what a developing country actually is .
We should also remember that the EU , in addition to being by far the biggest donor of development aid , buys , for example , 80 % of Africa 's agricultural exports .
In terms of its form , the meeting failed in its debate on the four Singapore issues .
Why , when it had been agreed at Doha that they would also be on the agenda ?
A large number of NGOs , as has been mentioned here , were happy the meeting failed .
The EU and the Commissioners negotiating on its behalf have nothing to hide or be ashamed of