of the European Parliament equal to members of national parliaments .
The Luxembourg Presidency needs to be reminded to respect the role and the prerogatives of Parliament .
That is the legal basis .
When the debate on the Members ’ Statute began , it was extremely noble : people talked about immunity , status , and it was a means by which to underline the existence of a supranational parliament directly elected by the European people .
Even we perfectly understand that we are in a ‘now or never ’ situation .
I ask Mr Schmit whether there is a principle of equality by which , a five-star hotel room in one of the new Member States costs the equivalent of EUR 40 , as was our experience two weeks ’ ago in Krakow , Poland , whilst it costs the equivalent of EUR 500 or EUR 700 for a hotel of the same standard in Rome , Paris or any other European capital .
Being elected by an Italian electorate of 15 million voters , as I was , is not the same as becoming a Member in an ordered list , produced by the parties in another country where a person has no expenses ...     Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , a few short messages can only be communicated in the space of one minute .
The same is true for other items .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I too am pleased to be able to state this evening , as Mr Schmit has just said , that we are achieving a genuinely positive example of institutional cooperation between Parliament , the Council and the Commission , and that we are doing so by means of an instrument , the codecision process , that is having its first truly important application here today on a subject that affects people’s everyday lives .
That is another sign , which I believe is important , of how the European Commission can offer a constant and – I am certain of this and I will obviously strive for this – constructive contribution to ensuring the optimum application of that regulation .
On this issue , the European Parliament has over and again established the need to balance the interests of the European citizens , immigrants , the Member States and developing countries .
It falls within the context of the Treaty of Amsterdam , thanks to which the Schengen has been incorporated within the European framework .
Thanks to this ongoing dialogue , the rapporteur has fulfilled all of the requests submitted to him .
With this in mind , information technology is a fundamental element for constructing a more culturally-rich and more unified society .
By means of the directive on the patenting of software , the right to free movement of knowledge is attacked , challenging the objective of the information society becoming accessible to all and thus undermining the very foundations of the Lisbon Strategy .     Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , Mr Libicki’s question rubs salt into the wounds of the contradictions of this Europe , which is tailor-made for large financial interests , a Europe that its citizens do not want , as was at least demonstrated by those Europeans who had the opportunity to give their opinion on the matter .
The problems of Europe are its inability to work towards achieving peace , and , let us not forget , you went to war in Iraq alongside George Bush .
They are democratic , political , economic and social crises precisely due to the liberalist , monetarist and technocratic policies that you advocate , passing off old ideas as new .
That is our Europe and this Parliament has a major responsibility that it cannot and must not avoid .
The United Kingdom supported military intervention , recommending it as a means of resolving the entire Middle East crisis .
On the contrary , what is needed is a Union that addresses the issues that , in the era of globalisation , cannot be resolved by nation states : from foreign policy to defence policy , from immigration crises to the fight against terrorism , to the trade challenges with China .
We did not reach agreement on one item alone , but I believe that an overall balance has been reached .
By patenting those algorithms , in a complex program that is nothing more than a combination of thousands of instructions , hundreds of patents could be simultaneously violated .
The software patentability directive , attacks the right to the free transfer of knowledge and calls into question the objective of an information society that is accessible to all .
Software patenting stifles free invention – which up to now has been possible even without much capital – in order to protect a monopoly on the use of generic techniques , the outcome of mercantile absolutism which is extremely dangerous in political terms .
Firstly , the ambiguity surrounding the concept of technical contribution has to be eliminated , as it would thwart the effectiveness of the directive as a means of harmonising the procedures for issuing patents .
As I have already said , the Commission has carried out a valuable piece of work because it has been able to go beyond the common position .
That must be particularly stressed with regard to software .
Personally speaking , I am in favour of a reform simplifying the procedures , including the adoption of a single language , that is to say , English , by means of rules also allowing small and medium-sized enterprises to utilise this fundamental instrument .     Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , over and above the official statements , a change has been added to Article 2 allowing patent protection to also include the software contained in a computer .
Competition would therefore no longer just be a market issue , but would also become a legal issue