This is not a trivial question and has never been clarified , though the Commission attempted to do so in 1975 , 1979 and 1988 .
Mr President , how can one fail to agree with the Commissioner when she proposes specific measures , follow-up procedures , cooperation with developing countries and taxation in connection with the production of energy ?
Scientists also tell us that emissions must be brought down to between 50 % and 60 % of their 1990 levels , if we are to have a positive impact on climate change .
Mr President , following the misunderstanding which arose and the Commissioner 's remarks , I feel it is incumbent on him to apologise to the Member he addressed so discourteously , and to the whole House .
Weakened by certain developments at home and abroad , the United States administration has been unable to withstand the enormous pressure exerted by a number of American banana multinationals , and is preparing to take the law into its own hands .
These values should be extended and applied to the promotion of alternative economic activities for those producers least able to adapt to the new market conditions , and should include technical and financial support for ACP suppliers who are in a position to adapt , enabling them to do so under the best possible conditions .
Mr President , I should like to begin by paying tribute to the wonderful parliamentary work undertaken by the rapporteur , Mrs Read , during the preparation of this report .
Another has so far failed to put forward any proposals .
The introduction of reasonable rates for selected calls and provision by the operators of a range of service packages tailored to the customers ' needs should also be considered .
Applause
She is certainly much loved here and , as Alonso Puerta said , let us hope she makes a speedy recovery .
Even worse , in small villages there are official sites on steep riverbanks and waste is incinerated daily .
I am most familiar with the situation in my own country , Spain , where electricity prices have fallen by 11 % .
In France and Belgium , for instance , taxes on transport are very high , whereas in other countries such as Spain they are considerably lower .
There should be no more discussion on CO2 .
What is currently consultation may in the future become codecision .
Combining three objectives in a single directive is bound to prove complicated .
Consequently , as Mrs Estevan Bolea has already said , if the rapporteur 's position on the deletion of a series of amendments , that is , Amendments Nos 13 , 14 and 15 , remains unchanged , we will vote against the report .
Clearly , if better fiscal harmonisation becomes a reality , as the application of this tax sets out to achieve , it will be possible to do away with labour costs or lower them without reducing the level of fiscal income at Union and Member State level .
In the first place , there are the creators .
I must therefore congratulate the rapporteur , because both his detailed knowledge of the subject and his skilful handling have been crucial to the matter in hand .
I should also like to point out that this report is in line with the Commission 's thinking .
I offer the rapporteur my full support , and hope that his position will be endorsed by a majority vote tomorrow .
The second , referred to by Mr Perry , suggests that the WIPO has made a determined effort to promote mediation as a solution to disputes .
I believe that this is a balanced directive .
Wine used to be almost the only alcoholic drink consumed by the local people .
A certain amount of information is called for , together with research into the beneficial effects of wine and education in the sensible consumption of this product .
The proposal put before us early in the present legislature was based on what I would call an apocalyptic vision of anticipated surpluses .
Of crucial importance to us today , however , are the rigour and quality expected from research undertaken by the Commission in its role as the institution charged with putting forward legislative proposals .
A valuable opportunity to replace sucrose with concentrated musts might therefore be lost .
However , other journalists present confirm what has since been made public , and I agree with them .
The cost of the transition to a competitive market will not be taken from public funds .
My question , however , is this : is the cost we are discussing state aid ?
I must also remind Mr Papoutsis that very soon , when the common market for energy becomes a reality , all issues relating to energy - and this one in particular - will come within the Commission 's competence .
However , tourists who come to Spain and try to change spending money may find that they lose up to 10 % of the money they change , and with no prior warning .
If that proved to be the case , I am sure Mr Van Miert would have something to say about it .
In practice , when an ordinary citizen travels , he is forced to part with a commission .
In my opinion , the proposals put forward by the European Commission in relation to one of the issues being debated - new planting rights - seem more fitting than the Committee on Agriculture 's opinion .
Lastly , in the event of a market disturbance , we should like to see the continued application of crisis legislation on a voluntary basis , in line with the Commission 's proposal in Article 30 .
I should also like to congratulate the Commission because