have it , that the Constitution is dead and buried and that we should only do practical things : that would be dangerous for Europe .
We were able , despite everything , to relaunch the Lisbon Strategy for growth and employment .
These are areas in which Europeans are calling on the Member States to do more , because it is obvious today that each one of us , on our own , cannot combat terrorism and cannot face up to the challenges of illegal migration : we must work together .
The first important stage is next year , when we will be celebrating the 50th anniversary of the European Community and the 50th anniversary of the Treaty of Rome .
I do not think so .
I shall begin by mentioning the period of reflection and its extension .
Preparing for the post-oil period , making far greater progress in the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions , developing the research effort with a view to increasing energy efficiency and diversity , transforming the way in which transport is organised and affirming the right to energy for all are eminently political tasks that , if they are to succeed , cannot be restricted by the short-sighted calculations of the market .
They rejected the European Super-State , which is aimed at destroying the nations of Europe .
We need a more proactive approach and more common policies at European level in order to guarantee fairness and a European social model .     Mr President , the European Union and the world need reliable , affordable and sustainable energy flows .
In its resolution on the Lisbon Strategy , Parliament called on the Union to consult with the US , the Japanese , the Chinese and the Indians , with a view to preventing a form of competition that would end up ruining everyone .
We must go beyond Nice .
This revival – – and on this point too , I agree with you – – cannot be limited to the debate on the institutions .
The Member States have already given their backing to all of these ideas .
Above and beyond the various points of view expressed , I have detected a real desire to push forward our European project and I have seen that there is a real interest in rallying together , in uniting : uniting the institutions , and also , because we need their support , uniting the Member States and the citizens of Europe .
Indeed , we must say quite clearly that the Member States , who want aims , who want objectives , also need to give us the resources .
In this connection , I would also point out that we expect the next European Council to give a clear signal of its commitment to the accession of Romania and Bulgaria on 1 January 2007 if those countries meet all the conditions we have set them , and which they have now been working for months to achieve .
We , too , are trying to advance regional integration – how did Europe manage it ?
In a way , it seems that nationals of the EU are treated worse than nationals of third countries , whom we insist on keeping in the State where they were convicted , in the name of avoiding double jeopardy .
They generate more profit for the traffickers and also do more harm to the health of those who take them .
In response to a Green Paper from the Commission , Parliament is today adopting an own-initiative report offering its vision of the measures to be implemented to combat discrimination , both in society and in the workplace .
If , by any chance , the Commission then appeared to express serious reservations about whether 1 January 2007 was the right time for one or other of these countries to join the EU , I really would not see the point of the motion for a resolution voted on today .
Europe’s future depends on the choices also of those countries .
It cannot credibly be proclaimed that sustainable development is one of the three pillars of the Lisbon Strategy unless the necessary bridging clauses are created .
It has the pleasant aroma of the Norway of Dr Brundtland , who invented it 40 years ago .
I shall take the example of biodiversity , the common theme of our very survival , as you know very well , Mr Pröll .
Although I personally am fully committed to this fight , I understand my group ’s reasons for not signing the joint text : this text clings on to ideological positions that have become obsolete .
Furthermore , we must stand firm against the incitements to hate expressed by Polish leaders against homosexuals .
There are those who use the ‘we must not fan the flames ’ argument .
We must always remember that Europe rose from those bitter ashes , on the basis of values of peace and tolerance .
The Commission has proposed a rebalancing of the channels through which its implementing powers are exercised within the context of the comitology procedure so that it can respond more rapidly to technological change and increase the confidentiality of rules that must remain outside the public domain .
My thanks also go to all the speakers , whose contributions testify to the importance of the subject of this evening’s debate .
I therefore agree with your committee and its chairman , Mr Costa , on the need for greater transparency with regard to taxes and fees .
These are the reasons for the high quality of the report you compiled , which was adopted unanimously by the Parliamentary Committee on Transport and Tourism .
A great deal of work has been done to make ERTMS a success , but we must step up our efforts , and to that end , Mr President , the contribution of Parliament is warmly welcomed .
