Thirdly and finally , from a scientific perspective , we should widen and further the scientific knowledge and methods we have for the production of safe food and animal feedingstuffs .
Mr Prodi , we hope that you will act soon and swiftly , because this issue and food safety are prerequisites for safeguarding the health of the European citizen .
Not only do I believe this , but our Committee also displayed this by adopting the amendments and text with a majority vote .
In other words , on the one hand , it anticipates a viable balance of payments for those countries and , on the other hand , it facilitates the implementation of structural reforms which are necessary for all three countries if we want to see them face a future brighter than the past .
The same goes for Romania , for whom a loan in the region of EUR 200 million is envisaged .
If we consider the fact that they have less than ten years ' experience of functioning within the private economy , within the free market and with free competition , whereas we were born into , we have grown up with and we have been shaped by the framework of a free economy , then we will understand just what these countries are up against .
They are waiting their turn .
I am making an appeal , Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I am calling on everybody to vote in favour of these three reports .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the aid that we are calling on to be approved for these three European countries - and I stress " European countries " because we are forgetting that we do also have needs in Europe - i .e . in FYROM , Bulgaria and Romania , is both necessary and urgent .
The third point which will sway decisions to vote in favour of the Council ' s proposal is that the level of financial assistance is relatively low and so it will not affect the economic programme of the Commission .
Both in Greece and Turkey , and in the past in Naples , Taiwan and Mexico , we have seen a constant lack of control over industrial installations .
Whilst Serbian academics have been banned from international scientific circles , we are concerned about the fact that students in Serbia have no contact with foreign educational institutions .
I wonder if such thoughts prevail in the Commission , albeit at embryonic stage .
I am aware of the efforts being made by your domain and I am aware of the restrictions on the budget .
People do not know what the problems are and they do not know of Parliament ' s efforts , what Parliament is , what it does and why citizen participation is important .
I suggested advertising on prime time television and , indeed , I asked if the Commission would be prepared to choose the time between the general news bulletin and the sports section of peak-time news because the public at large tend not to change channels at these times .
Madam President , our group is in favour of a European vocation for Turkey and the possibility of its eventual accession .
Why did we lay down certain conditions for Slovakia and refuse to grant it applicant status .
Were we not aware that Slovakia and the Baltic States had made specific progress ?
Did we not do this with the Customs Union ?
Therefore , I believe that we must insist on the preconditions and demand that specific progress be made by Turkey .
However , I would like to say that Mr Swoboda is wrong to say that progress has been made on the Cyprus issue because Mr Papandreou said so .
Also in Athens , Chancellor Schreider , following his meeting with the Greek Prime Minister , Mr Simitis , stated that he thought it would be a mistake in a public debate and at a press conference to mention the conditions that Turkey must meet in order to be considered a candidate country .
I believe that we all , or at least most of us , agree on certain basic issues .
I cannot forget the comment of the Prime Minister of Luxembourg during the Luxembourg Presidency when he declared , quite justifiably , that Europe cannot sit at the table with torturers .
The Greek people showed their heartfelt sentiments towards the Turkish people during the earthquake tragedy and I believe that the Turkish people also have heartfelt sentiments towards the Greek people .
It still persists with its threats of war against Greece if Greece should enforce the international law on territorial waters .
It is not right that such statements can be distorted just to impress .
If Turkey does show signs of progress , then of course we will welcome it with open arms , but it must show some signs .
We would need to have the necessary response and then , of course , we can proceed with the issue of Turkish candidature .
Personally , I am not surprised by the proposals brought by the Council and the Commission .
The Turkish regime has ignored the gestures of the PKK who actually sent some representatives to Turkey , just as a sign of peace , and called a cease-fire .
If we vote in favour of the proposal of the Commission and the Council , then rest assured that this will not in itself encourage democratisation .
So well done !
We Greeks seek the consolidation of peace and stability throughout the whole of the South-Eastern Mediterranean .
Any positive development depends solely on Turkey itself .
Internationally , Turkey is known for its lack of stability , persisting with actions which promote rather than prevent destabilisation of the local geopolitical environment .
Turkey wants to join the Union