Instead , we must begin with what it is we want the EU to be doing in five , ten or fifteen years ' time and with how we are to do those things .
There are those who say that we should now call it a day .
We shall then be able to see what the final result is in 2002 , and it will be up to the Irish people to assess the situation at that time .
We must provide the stimulus for a debate with civil society , but we must be tough with those whose only argument is a stone in the hand .
Nonetheless , I have a substantial objection regarding the decision in favour of transporter ' s liability , with large fines for those who do not comply with the EU' s rules .
Transporter ' s liability as conceived by the EU is neither humane nor generous .
May we never betray his memory .
I only have a short time in which to speak , so allow me to address two issues concerning which the results have unfortunately , in my view , been relatively poor .
I note with satisfaction that the prime minister particularly mentioned relations with the Third World , which are naturally a very important part of the work on sustainability .
I believe that things have , in a way , been made too easy for those who follow .
I can therefore only hope that , during the next few months and as part of the troika ' s work , the prime minister will play an active part when Belgium now most certainly pushes ahead with these issues .
The group of senior civil servants led by Under-Secretary of State Lars Danielsson should also , of course , receive particular mention in this context .
We condemn anyone who uses violence to subvert political processes .
They must be treated very firmly by the forces of law and order , who did an excellent job in Göteborg , by the way .
Their whole way of addressing politics is fascistic .
Perhaps we will see further examples , but never let us as democrats be pitted against one another in this context .
It would have been valuable if he could have listened directly to these humble views from a representative of the Council .
This is a unique event and something which will have fundamental consequences for Parliament ' s work in the future .
I therefore urge Parliament to show support , in the way described by Mr Cox , for the conciliation process that has taken place .
As we approach the final chapter of the negotiations , I believe that it is within the circle of the Member States that it will be most difficult to formulate positions .
I would warn against the development we are now seeing whereby every time a new country holds the presidency of the European Council , there is a belief that the Union must be fundamentally changed .
This is the way we have operated .
Let me say directly to him that I have heard this before .
I myself do not share this view , but believe that the debate on the future must now address what we want to achieve .
Let me say to Mr Bradbourn that I am grateful for his words as , from his Conservative point of view , he put his finger on an important point .
All those who criticise these conclusions for not going far enough have , in actual fact , been answered quite well and clearly by his speech .
What I am spontaneously thinking of , namely the extradition of Milosevic to The Hague , is not of course a direct consequence of action by the Swedish presidency , but it is a consequence of the firm action by the European Union and others on this issue .
The extradition of Milosevic to The Hague is a major political event and a victory for all those who believe in a foreign policy based on common values .
When , as in this case , the issue is a complaint submitted to the Commission in 1996 , i .e . five years ago , there is really only one acceptable course of action , namely for the Commission immediately to decide on its position .
I think it is unreasonable for it to take over five years for the Commission to make a decision .
I would therefore put the question to the Commission : When is a final decision likely to be forthcoming ?
This issue has aroused great interest in cultural circles and among representatives of the film industry in Sweden .
Mr President , I , for one , am quite disappointed both with the Commission ' s proposal and Mr Karas ' report , as I believe they concentrate wholly on the needs of the financial markets and ignore those of employees and future pensioners .
For example , what happens if these pension funds become insolvent or bankrupt or cannot fulfil their commitments ?
In that case , they will face many problems with regard to pensions .
In many countries , long qualification periods are applied .
There are a number of such questions .
I think that she has carried out excellent work and , step by step , has led this process towards an increasingly positive outcome .
In parallel , major efforts must be made to ensure that our energy is used more efficiently .
This is the rule of thumb for all new technology .
It is naturally also vital for the candidate countries and the developing countries .
It is one of the major news stories of the day .
I would also like to say to the Commissioner that we appear