This is in accordance with our competences laid down in the Rules of Procedure , which do not relate strictly to commercial issues , but also to economic and commercial relations with third countries .
At a time when a very lively debate is taking place on the achievement of the Millennium Objectives and the fight against poverty , both in this Parliament and in the UN , the OSCE and the G-8 , we believe that this is the most appropriate time for a reform of rules of origin which opens up our markets and benefits the countries that need it most .
We believe that this would be a consistent rule and that , at the same time , it would be necessary to recognise the possibility of bilateral cumulation with the European Union , so that products finished in a beneficiary country that contain materials originating from the Community may also benefit from preferences .
It is therefore very important , Mr President , for the European Union to clearly promote peace , understanding , concord and reconciliation in that country , as Commissioner Ferrero-Waldner has said and as the President-in-Office of the Council of Ministers of the European Union has also told us .
We believe this to be justified , but we cannot exclude from the fight against poverty other areas of the planet in which there are terrible pockets of misery and in which inequalities even greater than those suffered in Africa also require our priority action .
In Africa the figures are discouraging , and we must therefore welcome this British initiative , which I do not believe to be opportunist — it was announced by Minister Straw and his Prime Minister at least two years ago .
I would like our friends in the Group of the Greens to accept this amendment , which simply takes note of a statement and does not endorse it fully until we have precise and detailed knowledge of the report that they are referring to .     Mr President , I would like to deal with a concern of another group : rather than talking about 300 million , or 315 , or 400 million people suffering hunger in the world , we can say ‘more than 300 million ’ .
To a certain extent I welcome your reply , because it suggests that it is essential that no horrendous terrorist crime , such as this one , should go unpunished .     .
In this regard , I would also like to stress another element : the introduction of landscapes deserving of respect that have not been integrated into the Natura 2000 list , such as certain rivers , but which may be important shared spaces .
They may do so through active and positive policies for the conservation of the natural environment , funded by private bodies and by institutions .
The Commission will remember better than I the excitement with which the Natura 2000 network was launched .
It is worth it .     .
This resolution therefore requests from the Commission and the Member States a European strategy on textiles and clothing aimed at improving processes that add quality , at producing innovative and technologically advanced products , at attaching particular importance to trademarks , at increasing efforts in the commercial field , at including the techniques of the new economy and at ongoing professional training .
In short , there has been a clear improvement in the living conditions in these regions .
On the contrary , I would say that these regions are going to facilitate the development of the economy in the rest of the Union , since they will have markets with a degree of purchasing power that benefit the whole of the European Union .
Many of the people we met expressed their concern about what they consider to be a replacement of the peace agenda , which has yet to be concluded , with an emerging economic and trade liberalisation agenda .
For all of these reasons , within the European Union’s future strategy on Guatemala 2007-2013 , the Commission must be urged to establish the following as priority issues : social cohesion , the right to food , rural development and the reform of the land use and tenancy system .
Over recent years , many Guatemalan governments have tried to approve a law to implement the Hague Convention on adoptions , but they have failed .
In view of this situation , the European Union must remain resolute and demand that the investigation of these events continue without obstruction by any of the parties .
I would therefore call upon the President of this Parliament to appeal urgently to the government of the Philippines and to the President of that country and call on them to ensure that she exercise her right to pardon Francisco Larrañaga so that this European and Spanish citizen is not executed .     .
Fire does not stop at national borders , and we should therefore create a European protocol for fighting fires ; we should at least consider creating a specific European agency and – why not ? – specialised cross-border bodies .
We believe that this would be more effective than a temporary committee , and would seal the commitment that the European Parliament must also make , not just urging other institutions , such as the European Commission for example , to work , but also working itself as a legislator , in this case via its different committees , which could work together , as I have said , to produce an initiative report on forest fires and on the natural disasters that regularly desolate our continent in the summer .
When we have established the rules , we must apply them , and this raises important questions in the social field : what will happen about crew training , which