regard to the execution of a number of Community programmes , and when it expresses disappointment that the 2003 work programme , relating to priority actions , does no more than reiterate previous intentions .
In order to make equality a reality it is not necessary to have the exact same number of men and women doing a particular job , it is much more important first to ensure that there is equal access to opportunities .
Mr President , the Commission welcomes this opportunity to exchange views with Parliament on the forthcoming session of the UN Commission on Human Rights .
To that sorry saga we must now add the African Group’s provocative indication that they will request a vote , and vote against , the Western Group’s nominated candidate for Chair – Australian Ambassador Mike Smith – which can only serve to embitter the atmosphere in Geneva ahead of the 60th session .
The EU must make best use of the revitalisation of the United States ' interest in both the General Assembly Third Committee and the Commission on Human Rights .
That said , in rejecting entirely justified resolutions , the Commission on Human Rights is falling far short of fulfilling its mandate to promote and protect human rights .
We consider it an important contribution to the building-up of the EU position in the forthcoming session .
Third , I would like to associate myself with Mr Roche 's remarks as he paid homage to Mr Vieira de Mello , the former High Commissioner for Human Rights , who was tragically killed in Baghdad .
Finally , Mrs Bonino , I would like to draw your attention to the fact that last December the European Council decided to hand the European Monitoring Centre on Racism and Xenophobia , based in Vienna , a specific competence concerning the guarantee of fundamental rights in the European Union , therefore creating the basis for what one could call an agency for fundamental rights in the European Union .
The first – which has already been expressed in the Commission communication of November 2000 – is that , in the context of demographic ageing and decline , sustained immigration flows are likely and necessary if the European Union is to meet the Lisbon goals .
The Commission has taken note of the difficulties encountered when negotiating in the Council the directive on admission for employment purposes , and is currently considering how best to approach bringing forward this politically sensitive issue .
A key condition for the successful implementation of an holistic approach of this type is that there should be improved overall policy coherence and synergies between immigration , integration and employment policies at all levels and across all disciplines and between all relevant actors , bearing in mind that prime responsibility for successful integration ultimately lies with the Member States .
The fact is , however , that the image of Fortress Europe that the European Union has generated , as a result of its profoundly restrictive immigration policies , stands in stark contrast to the real economic need for immigrant labour .
These include opposing the content of the Council directive on family reunification , which contravenes the fundamental right to live in a family and contains an unacceptable proposal to subject all immigrant children of at least two years of age to a test , before deciding whether they can join their parents .
Immigrants , and women in particular , should be deemed worthy of reception conditions that respect human rights , fundamental freedoms and equal economic , social and cultural rights .     Mr President , Commissioner Vitorino , ladies and gentlemen , the report we are now discussing , on immigration , integration and employment , clearly delineates a multifaceted and topical set of problems that is not being addressed in the European Union or in any of the Member States .
This is not their only purpose , however .
We are seeing an increase in illegal migratory flows , generally controlled by criminal networks that give misleading information to potential migrants , who end up forced to work in conditions completely different to those they were promised , which might even include physical and or mental abuse and breaches of their human rights .
The proposal for a directive on the admission of third country nationals for the purpose of employment must help to explain to potential immigrants the legal ways of obtaining the right to reside in the Union .
I should also like to know whether the Council thinks that our financial perspectives will match the commitments given by the European institutions ?
There are eight points that I wish to highlight : - firstly , the existence of legal channels of immigration that enable the citizens of third countries to enter the European Union on the basis of each Member State’s capacity to receive people , This will require closer cooperation with the countries of origin ; - secondly , integrating legal immigrants who live and work in the European Union by means of a common social integration policy that strikes a balance between the rights and the corresponding obligations of these citizens and the host societies ; - thirdly , the joint management of migratory flows , in particular visa policy , because agreement must be reached as swiftly as possible on the necessary legal , technical and financial bases of the visa information system (VIS ) ; - fourthly , improving controls at the external borders , which means creating a European border guard ; - fifthly , the much-trumpeted European asylum system ; - in sixth place , negotiating readmission agreements , with a common policy for returning persons in an illegal situation , with minimum rules for return procedures and the mutual recognition of these decisions , and with the co-financing of projects for cooperation under a programme of aid for return ; - in seventh place , combating trafficking in human beings , calling to account those who profit from this business and providing support for the victims of trafficking