on the basis of the ‘Berlin Plus ’ accord between the European Union and NATO .
Once again , all credit for this .
This debate is the last of the many debates we have had with the Commissioner .
Not only are we about to start accession negotiations with Turkey , but the occupation of Northern Cyprus is now also being rewarded financially , and this is absurd .     Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the frustration about the Greek Cypriot rejection of the Annan plan is ongoing .
The Turkish Cypriots would continue to live under Turkish occupation .
The Kyoto Protocol will be able to enter into effect 90 days later .
Although my group is satisfied , it does , of course , remain critical .
That is good news , not only for those – like you , Mrs Wallström – who have fought for this protocol , but also for those who experience the effects of climate change on a daily basis .
Let us work hard on the remaining 45 % .     .
Needless to say , I also checked out how the Members from the new countries felt about this , and this has not produced any other viewpoints .
In Amendment No 4 , on behalf of my group , I have suggested including in the directive the possibility of Member States encouraging the reuse of packaging material .
We have not sufficiently succeeded in integrating sustainable development in our production and in our patterns of consumption .
Reuse may not be an excuse for thwarting foreign suppliers .
Not only can we speak out in the resolution about what is yet to be done , we can also speak out in favour of a concrete , sustainable supplement to the Packaging Directive .
His word is law .
If so , how do they intend to reinforce it ?
The fundamental question we should be asking ourselves , though , is how we can best achieve this , how we can best help the Cuban people .
Central to that meeting were areas that are of major importance to the public , such as the economy , and the area of freedom , security and justice .
We also discussed the issue of ‘Communicating Europe’ ,namely improving communication and interaction between politicians and citizens across Europe .
The contribution of those people in terms of quality of our society is immense and is appreciated .
Mr President , in your expression of support last Monday , you drew attention to the significance of recent events in the Netherlands for the whole of European society , and in that I agree with you .
The European Council laid down the Hague Programme on 5 November .
The Hague Programme gives important new impulses .
We want a single system that is humane , but also unambiguous , so that ‘asylum hopping ’ will become a thing of the past .
All in all , it is an ambitious and realistic programme , in respect of which the European Commission will be presenting an action plan next year .
The main feat of the Kok report is that it clearly demonstrates the relevance , if not , necessity , of the Lisbon strategy .
The Kok report thus clearly demonstrates that the Lisbon strategy must be pursued with force .
In addition , the Heads of Government were unanimous in their willingness to take upon themselves political responsibility for the Lisbon strategy at European level , but also at home , in their own countries .
The ratification of the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe is an important occasion to further improve communication with the public .
Moreover , we then offered Iraq scope for cooperation and dialogue for the long term .
Although the agreement that was reached with Teheran at the weekend is a step in the right direction , we should satisfy ourselves first that the suspension by the International Atomic Energy Agency can be determined promptly .
The European Council has urged the Government of Sudan and all other parties to meet the international requirements .
We will do this in December .
Mr President , you too will be consulted in this matter in the next few days .
He has been able to adjust his Commission with a view to receiving the broadest possible support in this Parliament .
What is positive is that this need also appears to exist in society .
More should be done , but that implies that there is a will .
After all , the Netherlands has always been a great champion of reforms in order to make the Lisbon process a success .     Mr President , at present , the Netherlands is in despair , because we are more than ever compelled to reconsider the questions , not only of the balance between freedom and tolerance , but also of how to set boundaries in order to guarantee safety .
It is unacceptable to me that , following the attacks in New York and Madrid , we hear the Justice and Home Affairs Council say that we will now automatically start exchanging information about possible attacks without delay .
Finally , communication in Europe is also an important item .
Those elements complement each other ; they certainly do not contradict each other .
Human lives , our democracy and social cohesion are at stake .
Finally , alongside this unilateral approach towards repression and terrorism , we should also consider the other side of these phenomena .
I could not agree more – and the Dutch Presidency has certainly played a part in this – that the three pillars of the strategy , namely economic reforms , social cohesion and sustainability , remain the guiding principle for the Lisbon process in terms of balance and coherence