The EU also needs to support and encourage the countries of Central Asia to take more effective measures in the area of environmental protection and in their quest for sustainable water use and for their use of other natural resources .
Member of the Commission . - Mr President , recalling our excellent cooperation on the Western Balkans , I want to thank you for the opportunity to inform Parliament on the Commission 's standpoint on the Kosovo status process .
In its declaration , Kosovo committed itself to fully respecting extensive rights for Kosovo Serbs , especially with regard to local self-government in education , culture and health , in line with the comprehensive proposal presented by UN Special Envoy Martti Ahtisaari .
We condemn the use of violence and call on all leaders and people of the region to remain calm and maintain peace and stability .
After the prolonged talks in the United Nations Security Council failed , the European Union was bound to steer the process to a conclusion .
It will be up to each EU Member State individually to establish relations with Kosovo in accordance with its national procedures .
Several Member States have already recognised Kosovo .
The Council rightly reiterated the EU 's adherence to the principles of the UN Charter and the CSCE Helsinki Final Act and to all UN Security Council resolutions .
In line with Monday 's Council conclusions , the Commission stands ready to provide its full support to the EU 's effort in Kosovo .
On 5 March , we shall propose concrete measures for the broader region in order to advance its European aspirations .
I expect the Conference to take place before the summer .
I know this is a difficult moment for Serbia .
However , I find that the time has come to turn the page on the past , and to look to the future .
This EU perspective functions as the glue that keeps the countries of the region on a peaceful and reformist track , which is extremely important in these sensitive and difficult times .
( Applause ) Member of the Commission . - Mr President , I want to thank the House for a most responsible debate .
Many of you also underlined the importance of not isolating Serbia , and especially of reaching out to the younger generation in Serbia .
I fully agree , and am happy to inform you that we already have a visa facilitation agreement in force with the countries of the Western Balkans , including Serbia .
I am also happy to inform you that we have already started a special dialogue on visa-free travel , which is very important for ordinary Serbian citizens and other peoples of the region .
I count on your support in this regard , so that we can make real progress , united on this matter .
I would like to congratulate the Slovenian Presidency on this outcome , which reflects your profound commitment to the future of the Western Balkans in Europe .
At the time it was agreed the fund should be EUR 1 billion a year .
This fund was meant to bring relief to those who had suffered damage due to major catastrophes .
If the damage is restricted to a small area , it could be less , but regionally it could be relatively more .
The Commission is proposing EUR 162 million .
For that reason , Mr Böge 's report on the mobilisation of the Solidarity Fund needs to be adopted first .
Its creation accords with the budgetary procedure agreed for this year .
Under the amending budget a joint executive agency , the Research Executive Agency ( REA ) , is created , for the other programmes under the Seventh Framework Programme for research too .
Similarly , the amendments to the staffing timetable for the border control agency , Frontex , which Parliament had called for have been made .
Parliament 's great achievement was that it succeeded in the budget negotiations in guaranteeing the programme 's funding by increasing the amount set aside for it by EUR 2.4 billion for six years .
Now it is a matter of administering the project .
It has mainly been managed in the EU by GSA , the Galileo Supervisory Authority .
It task has been mainly concerned with permits and partnership discussions between the public and private sectors .
It was at first thought that the ESA would be responsible for implementing the project 's technical side , which the EU would oversee and fit out .
Given these circumstances , the Committee on Budgets could not agree to the transfer of the appropriation to the Commission , but instead simply proposes the creation of a PM line .
I hope that the plenary will be able to go along with the Committee 's unanimous position as regards the first amending budget . rapporteur . - ( FI ) Mr President , I wish to thank all those who have taken part in the debate for their excellent , constructive input .
Perhaps the limits can be reviewed to some extent in the future .
I agree that speed is undoubtedly an advantage in this work .
This is obviously an area where the EU in the future will have a lot of work to do .
As regards the Galileo project , there is not to be any increase in its funding .
Its administration , however , needs to be efficient .
I am convinced that over the weeks to come we will achieve a satisfactory result . rapporteur . - ( FI ) Mr President , Commissioners , ladies and gentlemen , I want to thank you all for your excellent levels of cooperation .
In our work that is always vital in order to achieve a good result .
Parliament 's committees , especially the Committee on Industry ,