But it has been examined and found wanting , and this is something we should take on board .
There is also a positive side to this , because now perhaps all of the countries are on an equal footing .
One question is : have we in Europe perhaps reached the limits of integration ?
They feel overwhelmed by too many laws and uncertain in key areas of their lives : on the labour market , in the various different social security systems and in terms of how safe and secure they feel .
In the ninth indent – and this is a further technical correction that is required – the figure of EUR 1.5 billion should be replaced by the figure of EUR 1.2 billion .
This September , in New York , the European Union should send out a clear message to the effect that we want reform and institutions that work better , and that we encourage Kofi Annan to proceed down this road .
We may be in different groups , but we take a similar view of things .
We are agreed on the need for better resources – and more of them – for this , and on the need for a more rapid response to events in crisis regions , with clear rules for deployments in them .
It would be a very good thing if the discussion on the expansion of the Security Council were to enable Europe to get a seat on it , resulting in a real structural change in the way in which Europe’s policies are represented .
The Americans have treaties with almost everyone on the face of the earth , as does the European Union , but there is no treaty between the United States and the European Union .
I believe that the British Presidency is planning to do something about this shortly , and we can play our part in it , even though we may disagree about one thing or another .
I might add that the OECD study to which Mr Elles referred not only says that we will achieve growth if we press on with integrating the market only within Europe – from which , according to the study , Europe will derive greater benefit than the United States – it also says that we must do this throughout the world , which is an extremely important point .
Too many of our customs offices are not yet computerised .
Before , the penalties of the financial markets were clearer and stronger .
We want greater transparency and better definitions .
I thank the rapporteur for his report , which has built on the Council decision and finished the job , although I cannot hide the fact – and I say so directly – that I am not happy with the Council decision .
Let us simply review the economic facts .
Given the powerful role of the Council and the inadequate role of Parliament in this matter , the Commission could only react defensively .
We must stop exacerbating the crisis of confidence still further .
Jobs are only being created by small and medium-sized enterprises , which is why we must help them to overcome their structural problems .
These are starting points enough and , in my opinion , every European measure , as the President of the Commission once suggested , should pass three tests : the cost test , the competitiveness test and the subsidiarity test .
The internal market strengthens competitiveness .
In order to give industry the time needed to adjust to the new standards laid down in this directive , the Commission has proposed a reasonable transition period for the transposition of the directive .
I have received a letter from the European Cockpit Association , which represents 34 000 pilots in Europe and expresses great concern about this .
I recall the resolutions which we adopted on this and initiatives in previous years .
However , I now hear from the Commission that the question of whether there should be a recommendation or whether a directive is needed is still open .
You said that the amendment failed ; it was in fact adopted , and the paragraph was deleted .
High levels of unemployment and low wages have once again prompted ordinary people to give vent to their displeasure in protest actions , this time in Uzbekistan .
I agree with Mrs in 't Veld that job creation must have the highest priority ; jobs , jobs , jobs , are what we urgently need .
It is for that reason that we must work with all the means at our disposal towards a peaceful transition by way of new elections monitored by the international community , but above all towards the country ’s speedier recovery , which will involve strengthening small farmers and small and medium-sized businesses , failing which the country , long at the mercy of conglomerates and conspiracies , risks generating conflicts that would suck its neighbours , including Brazil – particularly its Mato Grosso state – into their maelstrom .
There has already been one irregular vote in the Committee on Legal Affairs , and , at a time when the EU is in the midst of its direst crisis , it would send completely the wrong message if we were to adopt a Members ’ Statute while accumulating privileges on the quiet .
Our Group wants no part of any such thing ; we want a strong , effective and democratic European Union , one that enables us to defend our interests in the world .
In all that time , I have never come across such frankness in a presentation on a European Council by its Presidency .
The Council has not , and we will wait .
The President deserves praise for having , today , delivered himself of a fine affirmation of his role in Europe .
I am ashamed of our inability , over a year after enlargement