by the Council .
I should like to remind the Commission that three years ago exactly , the Commission - the Commissioner was not in his post at that time but his job was held by his predecessor , Mr René Steichen - presented a working or study document on common organisation of the market in wine .
Madam President , do you by any chance have any explanation to give me about the request I made as Chair of the Committee on Civil Liberties and Internal Affairs for the Council to attend this debate ?
In the corridors and without any transparency or any parliamentary control , both at European and national levels , the Council is preparing - in the very week in which our Plenary is taking place and dealing with hope and seriousness with a fundamental legislative package for European citizens - to empty of any meaning the Commission initiative and the Parliament opinion and offer citizens an empty charade of legislation packaged up in a joint action by the Council .
We are owed an explanation , a justification , a notice and some information .
In the case of Portugal , the proposal presented at the last European Council in Florence to integrate the project for a motorway from Lisbon to Valladolid into the inter-modal links between Portugal and Spain seems to us far more in keeping with the philosophy approved by the European Parliament and will actually contribute to a more balanced development of this region .
Secondly , and again in respect of the first Community support framework , there are at this moment in time processes still pending worth around 35 million ECU and that first Community support framework was concluded in 1993 - yet the process for presenting some of them was meant to be completed in 1994 or 1995 .
Undertakings subsidised by state funds should be the first to contribute to structural adjustments , to use an IMF expression which is well known for its effects in the so called third world .
The way it will be saved is if we correctly articulate national and Community plans and decide on the right dimension for them and pay particular attention to social questions in the context of a World Trade Organisation which is not merely an instrument of unfettered liberalisation or unrestricted concentration .
In respect of the Ford report : Total opposition to the institutional promotion of lobbying activity even when carried out under the cover of its own regulations ; Total opposition to the growing - albeit relative - obstruction of access to parliamentary activity by persons or entities not organised by the European Parliament ; Total opposition to the explicit or implicit 'legalisation ' of the receipt , by Members of Parliament , of any benefits from lobbies .
That is the case of this report for which I voted out of respect for my colleague and out of solidarity for my group - but without any conviction .
A common defence policy , which is the very basis of an external policy of the European Union , calls for universal active cooperation by all Member States of the Union .
Mr President , on the broad economic policy guidelines of the Member States and the Union little could be hoped of the declaration of this Council whose presidency , on the other hand , is the cause of some hope .
Basic priorities with which we have to agree have been set out : employment , security , financial solidity and peace .
A policy to reduce interest rates is also necessary both to help reduce budget deficits and to help boost economic growth .
It might be worth drawing attention to the fact that the underlying balance of Portugal 's State budget is positive , and that the official deficit is exclusively the result of interest repayments on public debt .
I should just like to follow up by expressing a couple of concerns .
I should like him to confirm this .
But I think that this question has now become a fundamental one .
I think that this problem , which is covered by the Brussels Convention , is one way which could help in fact to give a new legal framework to safeguard the essential rights of children to prevent situations of this kind from continuing to develop , with all the tragic consequences for children 's upbringing - as they suffer irreparable damage in these situations .
They must create a proper legal framework to deal with problems of this kind .
As far as the European Parliament is concerned , I should like to remind you that we dealt with this subject quite thoroughly at the last part-session in May and , therefore , I shall not repeat what was said then about the fundamental reasons for this amending budget in terms of the European Parliament , which as you know accounts for about 30 million EC U.
I should also like to say something about the Ombudsman .
Finally , just a brief word about the Council budget .
I shall conclude by asking for the support of our colleagues for approval of this draft supplementary and amending budget in respect of the other institutions .
What is at stake is a matter of far greater importance , ranging from enlargement to the question of EMU, from structural funds to economic and social cohesion - that is what is at stake in this report and it is necessary for us to deal with this question clearly .
The central question of this report is not set out in the resolution but is put into the appendix , where of course it is placed as an indicative question .
Dear Mr Brinkhorst , it is not true that , for example , two new budgetary lines were created for enlargement