Some established service providers are still offering dumping prices and there are also still bottlenecks as regards leased lines .
As far as this issue is concerned , our discussions have not yet been completed .
I find it hard to believe that the Council could not accept this too .
Nevertheless , by means of cooperation and consultation , the national regulatory authorities have the power to ensure that they can take appropriate action to influence their national markets .
I would like to briefly pick out one point , as I had an excellent exchange of information throughout the whole period of cooperation with Mr Harbour .
I very much welcome the fact that not only the Committee on Culture , Youth , Education , the Media and Sport , whose views I am conveying here , but also the Committee on Industry , External Trade , Research and Energy have unanimously indicated that it is simply not enough for us just to talk about attempting to avoid the danger of a digital divide in the European Union .
I would like to highlight another point .
In the access directive , the open interface is of particular importance .
It is self-evident that Europe , for its part , does not have a duty to regulate the content of transmissions , but it is obliged to see to it that culture is not beaten into submission by commerce .
It is for that reason that I am glad that the Commission is taking up this issue on Europe 's behalf .
In order to give them a better chance in the market , however , more financial and fiscal burdens have to be taken off their backs .
I think that honourable Members will back me up when I state quite clearly that , if Parliament had not had the right of co-decision in this area , we would not have been able to push this through .
There must be stipulations as to what can find its way into feedingstuffs .
Thirdly , there is the positive list .
Mr President , I , too , am of the opinion that this was a good report , and that the result from the Conciliation Committee opens the way to implementation , which , however , I am sure will take some time yet .
The positive list to be produced by the end of 2002 should make that possible .
We often have occasion to express our thanks and praise for her .
We want to work towards joint success because we are firmly convinced that the Commission and this House , as committed advocates of the Community method , need to work towards the same goals .
We now expect , like you , that next weekend in Laeken the Heads of State and Government will give the Convention an ambitious mandate so as to achieve a really positive reform of the EU institutions .
( Applause )
It is true to say that limiting ourselves strictly to the four priorities identified in Nice would weaken the credibility of the Convention , in other words the list of issues to be addressed needs to be widened in order to meet the public 's expectations and to ensure that the enlarged Union will have a viable future .
In your paper you do indeed refer to implementation problems .
To that extent we are faced with a dilemma about saying that you are right .
We have also succeeded because of the exacting approach of the chairman of the Committee on Budgets , Mr Wynn , who also demonstrates a willingness to compromise , and we have succeeded because of the skilful way in which the negotiations were conducted at the crucial point by the President-in-Office - by you , Mr Vande Lanotte - and I would like to sincerely thank all of you , together with the rapporteur , Mrs Buitenweg , Mr Colom i Naval , the entire committee , and also you , Mr Turchi , on behalf of the entire Commission , for this very fruitful cooperation .
Together with other donors , we are making good some of the loss of income that the Palestinian Autonomy Authority has suffered because Israel is holding back tax and customs receipts because of the escalation of the conflict .
The compromise solution of making additional funds available in the 2002 budget for the regions bordering the candidate countries was really not easy to achieve .
The reform process , the mid-term review , not only has a financial dimension , it is also about setting objectives in agricultural policy , and the second pillar , the promotion of rural development , has an important role to play here .
Mr President , I would like to take this opportunity to make a number of basic points with regard to the agencies .
Not for the first time , I claim for Parliament not only the unhindered right to set a Budget , but also I claim for it the full right of co-decision in the area of the common agricultural policy .
I appeal to all of you not to block the road to further development .
You have demonstrated that you are in a position to do this where fisheries policy is concerned , and I hope that you will present programmes for the frontier regions within a comparable timescale , so that the money can be tied up as quickly as possible and be spent on the ground on worthwhile projects .
Christmas lists are nice , but the Christ child does not grant us all wishes , and nor should we .
This , too , was very important , because it signalled to the world that we are taking the current changes seriously and that we are restructuring in response to them .
Silent agony , however