In many ways this was the end of an old era and the start of a new one .
The ACP-EU Joint Assembly is a unique organisation in world politics .
Where else do 86 nations come together to discuss matters of mutual concern ?
The Strasbourg Assembly was the last chaired by Lord Plumb .
In honour of the tremendous work he carried out over a difficult period the Joint Bureau in Nassau made him an honorary president , and we wish him well in his retirement .
The two Assemblies have been dominated by the negotiations on renewal of the Lomé Convention and I look forward to the signature of a new Convention and its rapid ratification by all the countries concerned .
I remember that at the last mid-term review , when I was rapporteur , the then Commissioner Marin said that review would be the last .
Well , he was wrong , and I pay tribute to Philip Lowe and his team who have worked so successfully behind the scenes to conclude a new Convention in very difficult circumstances .
I was also delighted to hear the report this morning from Commissioner Nielson who has worked untiringly to get the right outcome to the negotiations .
I pay special tribute to him for his success .
I also pay tribute to Mrs Kinnock and her working group for the huge amount of work they put in on the future of Lomé .
I am quite sure that Mrs Kinnock ' s report and the one on regional cooperation and integration had a major bearing on the outcome of these negotiations .
I also thank the Working Groups on the small island states and climate change and the Follow-up Group on Fisheries for their excellent reports .
We have had question times to the Council and the Commission and to the ACP Council , and I would like to thank those institutions for their interest in our work .
The main thrust of our work in both Assemblies was poverty eradication .
The resolution passed went so far as to say that poverty amounted to a violation of human rights .
It also emphasised the importance of abolishing gender inequalities and as I travel through Africa and see the work done by women I only wish there were more women in senior government positions and in presidential posts .
We might then see an end to some of the fraud , corruption and mismanagement that seem endemic in some countries and that have to be stopped .
We had , as usual , many debates on countries where there are war situations .
I visited Ethiopia and Eritrea to gain first-hand knowledge .
The OAU is doing its best to broker a peace deal there .
But Ethiopia is still calling for clarification on certain issues and the humanitarian situation in both countries is serious .
We were delighted to hear in Nassau that a trade agreement was being reached with South Africa after four years of negotiations .
This highlights the problems of coherence between the EU and the developing nations , which came to a head at the WTO talks in Seattle .
Much work has to be done to convince the developing nations of the advantages of globalisation and world free-trade agreements .
In Nassau , we had two interesting debates on East Timor and Cuba .
Cuba has observer status but I understand has now shown a wish to join the ACP.
All nations from within the confines of the ACP territory who can live up to the requirements of democracy , human rights , governance and an independent judiciary are , I am sure , welcome .
I await with interest developments in Cuba .
When Mr Dalmau , the Cuban Junior Minister for Foreign Affairs addressed the Assembly , he did not hesitate to let his feelings be known .
On East Timor , Mr Da Costa , from the Timorese National Resistance Council , gave a very moving address indicating that East Timor would also like to join the ACP when it becomes a state with a government .
We must give them all our support to reach that goal .
Human rights is such an important issue within the ACP-EU Assembly that Joint Vice-Presidents have been appointed with special responsibilities for monitoring human rights closely and reporting to the Assembly .
A number of cases have been highlighted , including the child soldier issue in Sudan , where many children have been abducted from neighbouring states .
I had the honour of being elected the European Co-President at the beginning of this fifth term and Mr Clair from Mauritius is the new ACP Co-President .
I would like to see a number of changes to our Assembly , particularly after the signing of the new Convention in May .
We must have more equality between our ACP partners and our European members and I want to get rid of the " them and us " syndrome .
Firstly , I would like to see a Joint Parliamentary Assembly of elected members from ACP countries and not ambassadors or government ministers sitting there as delegates .
This I think is the new Convention .
Secondly , the new Convention allows for regional assemblies in the six regions , which would allow us to be much more specific in our work .
These assemblies would report back to the Joint Assembly .
We had a regional debate in Nassau in the Caribbean and this was extremely productive .
We are going to have one in Abuja in West Africa too .
I want the Assembly to stop being just a talk-shop and become a work-shop for the betterment of all the people in developing countries .
I want to see civil society given a louder voice .
But to do that we have to see an end to corruption and we have to face this