far as Parliament is concerned .
They are simply opinions , since it is the Council that will decide .
I also agree with those who said that , although it was perhaps a coincidence , President Klaus chose a very good week to sign the treaty : the same week that we are celebrating the fall of the Berlin Wall , the end of the communist dictatorship , the start of European unity and , finally , the victory of Robert Schuman 's ideas over those of Joseph Stalin .
All those requirements are very difficult to meet , but we will do our best and have listened to your advice .
We do not have all the pieces of the puzzle in order to achieve a legally binding deal : that is a fact .
We thank you for the encouragement and look forward to working together with Parliament on this and other issues .
Naturally , the greatest strength we have is to speak with one voice and to continue to insist on a strong and , of course , binding agreement .
Recently , a professional agricultural organisation revealed that the French authorities were proposing that it set up , in the countries of Eastern Europe , employment agencies for agricultural workers who are lower paid and less socially protected than French workers .
I shall conclude by saying that this really is a race against the clock , for we must forestall these diseases as much as possible .
At this stage , we are keeping Albania and Bosnia in Annex I to the regulation , while reaffirming the European Union 's commitment to help these two countries meet the criteria in their road map , and thus to be exempted from the visa requirement in accordance with the procedures in force .
Mr President , Commissioner , you will very clearly recall that when , on 24 April - as my colleague , Mr Cercas , pointed out - we endorsed , validated and ratified the increase in the balance of payments facility , we did so on two conditions : firstly , that this aid come with conditions attached , particularly in the case of social aid ; and , secondly , that there be transparency , so that this House would be clear about the conditions under which such agreements were concluded with the Member States in question .
It is this that has become ineffective today , and it needs to be recognised .
If the conflict continues , the time will have to come for sanctions .
Europeans deserve nothing less .
I shall willingly endorse the proposal - which has just been put to us by our fellow socialist Member - to have a common site that steers citizens towards the diverse information available to them .
Firstly , the transfer procedure : abolishing the distinction between compulsory and non-compulsory expenses requires the adoption of a single procedure , putting the two budgetary authorities on an equal footing , without compromising the flexibility that must be shown by the European Commission when managing the budget .
This gives rise to all too familiar consequences : an explosion in migratory flows and cross-border traffic , without even mentioning the extraordinary opportunities offered to terrorists of all persuasions .
Spain , Cyprus , Greece , Romania , Slovakia and Bulgaria are fiercely opposed to this .
Russia , however , is not the USSR.
Clearly , priority must be given to a multidisciplinary approach incorporating diagnosis , prevention , treatment and support for patients and their families .
In these times of crisis , one cannot 'play ' with European taxpayers ' money for the sake of politically sensitive issues .
In particular , we wanted to maintain effective , lasting competition , but also to make that competition useful to economic and social development through complete coverage of European territory in terms of access , high speed internet for all and for all regions - including better management of radio spectrum - and full rights for consumers .
It is not perfect .
Finally , it is time for the European Union to endow itself with a true charter of internet users ' rights , defining access rights , of course ; privacy rights ; freedom of expression ; and net neutrality .
I would like to say what a pleasure it has been to work with my colleagues and how delighted I am that this compromise respects the vote that we so strongly expressed together .
I do understand Parliament 's concerns and I , too , am looking forward to seeing the next institutional framework in place , since it will pave the way for greater democratic control over the European Police Office .
I shall now move on to the European Union Crime Prevention Network .
I therefore think that we can cooperate as closely as possible within the framework of the new legal basis .
I also wanted to mention another brief point concerning the report on forensic laboratories - for this is the issue I have been following - and to say as clearly as possible that , when discussing the need for coordination , we must also examine the matter of decentralisation very carefully .
Even so , I would like to mention some of the reasons that have led your Commission to agree to table these texts nonetheless .
Of course !
We are also sorry that , as regards this text seeking to establish links between files held by customs , the police and Eurojust , the position that the European Parliament is proposing we adopt is more timorous than our position on Europol , for the dangers are the same and the safeguards laid out in the texts submitted to us are even more fragile .
Prior court approval : that is what we wanted to obtain