us is to try to find a balanced way of protecting consumers and shielding SMEs from differing Member State jurisdictions .
This problem has been exaggerated totally out of proportion .
From the evidence available , such cross border B to C disputes are few and far between and the hope is that most of them will now be weeded out by ADR systems .
But , where they go beyond that , it is the consumer who is most disadvantaged .
The bigger businesses will be able to afford legal assistance .
The astute and sensible SME can insure for a modest premium .
That leaves the residue of unsuspecting businesses that may get involved in a transaction outside their Member State .
In these circumstances it is not unreasonable to build on the previous content of Article 15 , use the concept of "directed at " , acknowledge that this is a concept also found in American jurisprudence and utilised by WIPO .
It is not simple but it has been used and there is no simple solution here .
This , in combination with a modification to Article 17 , which allows freedom of contract to choose ADR but respects existing consumer rights in the form of the unfair contract terms directive , presents a much more workable , legally certain package that will promote confidence .
It is a mark of the balance that we have achieved in these amendments that they have won the support of the CBI in my own country and more than partial support from consumer organisations .
They certainly prefer this package to the committee one .
What I did not refer to when I spoke previously was Parliament ' s role in this legislative process .
We are consultees .
We know from what has been said on this subject by Commissioner Byrne that he will not accept the type of formulation proposed by the committee at Article 17a .
I believe that Commissioner Vitorino shares his view .
From the Council ' s perspective , the UK Government expressed a similar view .
It seems unlikely that a French Presidency , which is highlighting consumer affairs , will take a different view .
We could say that , because we are only consultees , we can say what we like .
We are merely signalling a political direction but it is important that we should signal a legally certain and workable solution , not one that will create as many problems as it seeks to solve .
Parliament should behave responsibly as a grown-up legislator , not as a petulant child .
We have the opportunity to build on the already substantial achievements in the committee ' s final report .
I hope that we will go further .
I want to compliment Mrs Wallis on the preparation and the presentation of her report .
I broadly welcome this report and I want to focus in particular on Amendment No 20 , Recital 26 ( new ) , which states that the Commission will consider proposals for the establishment of a Centralised Electronic European Union Causebook and Judgment Registry Database .
This has been justified very clearly in the report .
It is pro-citizen and it is pro-consumer and I would strongly urge the Commissioner to consider this proposal favourably , particularly in view of the fact that it is so pro-consumer and pro-citizen .
I would strongly urge the Commission to consider it favourably as we now live in a global network with a global economy , global companies .
But we have yet to establish an infrastructure to enable the Brussels Convention , as amended and extended , to benefit our EU consumer citizens and to attract inward investment .
It is necessary to establish the causebook which has been inspired by a proposal from an Irish lawyer , Twinkle Egan who has worked diligently on this initiative for some years .
At the expense of repeating myself , this will ensure that it is to the citizens ' advantage .
This system has the advantage of having already been vetted by many reputable institutions including the International Bar Association .
The system has the attraction of being capable , of extension , to synchronising the international legal system of the global world in which we now live and trade .
The system would enable citizens of the Community and others to have prompt and easy access to authoritative and up-to-date information in relation to the existence and progress of trans-border litigation in which they may have a legitimate interest .
This system would also provide efficiency in obtaining and enforcing judgments within the EU.
Mr President , I respect your tenureship of the chair and I yield to no one in that , but I wonder how you can justify the fact that you indicate a time and then in the case of several speakers absolutely ignore it .
I do not cast any judgement over the previous speakers or the substance of their remarks , but , if people have been allocated a period of three minutes , to give them 50 % more is insulting to those people who have spoken earlier and have kept rigidly to their time .
I wonder whether you could justify why you have decided to ignore the clock ?
Mr President , as I have said in this Chamber on previous occasions , I have the privilege of working in a very interesting Legal Affairs Committee and being one of the few non-lawyers on the committee .
Diana Wallis as a distinguished international lawyer has been the ideal person to work on this very complex file .
I would like to thank her for the way she has done it and the way she has so freely shared her knowledge with us .
I have certainly learned a great deal from it