the creation of the European Banking Authority is a crucial contribution to financial supervision , as it will be responsible for setting out the modus operandi and governance model for managing crises , from the need for early intervention to solving potential insolvencies , where necessary I voted in favour of this report , since it introduces innovative proposals regarding the supervision of financial institutions , especially cross-border institutions .
That is why the role reserved for this new European Banking Authority is so decisive for the future .
This will ensure a structural basis for interventions with sufficient powers to avoid a repetition of this latest global financial crisis , which would be unbearable for society and the global economy .
Unless they put an end to the derivatives market and tax have ns , the establishment of European authorities in these areas will be virtually useless .
Hence , the aim of this directive is to improve the functioning of the internal market by ensuring a high level of supervision and prudential regulation , and by protecting depositors , investors and all beneficiaries .
I think that it is essential for the EU to develop a new financial architecture that includes robust financial supervision that operates in the same way across the various countries of Europe .
It will clearly not be possible to avoid future crises .
I consider it essential for these to exist and be able to carry out their mandates independently and competently , reinforcing the confidence of the markets and their players .
I therefore support this proposal for a legislative resolution by Parliament .
It will also be necessary to ensure that all selections for senior management roles throughout the system are based on the criteria of real ability and merit , rather than politically expedient power sharing among the Member States .
I am doing so because the markets ' vulnerability to the intense speculation that has taken place in financial centres in recent years and to the collapse of European companies , as well as to the resulting repercussions on the dynamism of the Union 's internal market and economy , has demonstrated the need to reinforce the regulation of European and world markets .
There are countless positive points to the agreement that we have achieved and which was put to the vote today .
The aim is to create a structural basis for monitoring , evaluation , supervision and intervention which , within an effective legal framework , will prevent the recurrence of situations such as those that led to the outbreak of the current economic , financial and social crisis .
It is therefore crucial to safeguard the integrity , efficiency and smooth running of financial markets , to maintain the stability and sustainability of public finances , and to strengthen international coordination and cooperation in the field of supervision .
It should be made clear in this document that such companies should be broken up , and the parts of the business that work with non-transparent financial products should be closed down .
I also agree with the need to increase public awareness campaigns targeting young European consumers .
We all know how easy it is to make illegal downloads or buy counterfeit goods online , and how such behaviour affects the creative industries in particular .
It is important to create the conditions for effective intervention in the European area by ensuring greater cooperation between Member States and national authorities on a common framework for intervention , especially in relation to the market without borders that is the Internet .
We know that it is necessary to fight counterfeiting and piracy , but we also need to bear in mind the differences between sectors and not confuse copyright with patents , particularly in matters of software or medicines .
Only through the strict enforcement of intellectual property rights is it possible for technical and scientific innovation to develop , for new patents to be discovered , and for the culture industry to grow ; these all make major contributions to the growth of the EU 's economies .
The European economy is also based on creativity , research and innovation .
Mountain regions , islands and sparsely populated areas face particular challenges which deserve special consideration ; not least among these are poor accessibility , energy supply and regional integration , as well as climate change and migratory phenomena .
EU cohesion policy must cover all the regions of the Union , particularly those marked by special geographical characteristics , such as the Portuguese archipelagos of Madeira and the Azores .
The cohesion policies laid down in the treaties cannot be merely a political objective reflected in the EU 's bodies of law .
The document 'welcomes the inclusion of territorial cohesion as a new objective of the Union ' - a provision included in the Treaty of Lisbon .
The entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon has made the principle of territorial cohesion even more predominant and has revealed a particular concern for the asymmetries existing between the various regions .
Mountain regions , islands and sparsely populated areas are particularly disadvantaged regions , and their social and economic development is affected by their natural and geographical characteristics .
We are looking at registration which is redundant .
Recently , when we went to Washington in the delegation on the SWIFT affair , we saw that the European mission in Washington spent more time trying to cover up and apologise for the European Parliament 's vote on SWIFT than explaining the reasons affecting 500 million European citizens .
At Christmas 2007 , when security requirements for Brazilian citizens in the United States were tightened , Brazil immediately tightened its own security requirements for US citizens entering Brazil as well , and the United States backed down at once .
