And the price for that will be paid both by those peoples and by the peoples of Europe .
It is becoming customary , and the same is continuing this week too , for the voting to continue until half past one or a quarter to two .
I ask you to convey both to the President of Parliament and to the Conference of Presidents what I have said , because I think that the Members are not at all disposed to give up their lunch when they work 12 and 15 hours a day .
Tibet has been an integral part of China for centuries , it is today , and it always will be .
Such then are the enlightened members of the European Parliament , those who have drawn up this motion , who are also inspired by the spirit of reincarnation in what they say in their resolution .
My compatriots , my Jewish fellow-citizens in Thessaloniki , paid a heavy price in blood during the Holocaust , and one name stands out in connection with the annihilation of Thessaloniki Jews , the name of Alois Brunner .
That is the highest symbolism , the vigilance and the sense that we attribute to the year against racism , xenophobia and antisemitism .
While nothing can bring back lost lives , the dispensing of justice is a historical imperative and helps to heal the wounds created by the personal history of Alois Brunner .
Mr President , I too , on behalf of my group , would like warmly to congratulate the rapporteur on this exceptionally interesting report .
This is the second report on the demographic situation in the European Union with 1995 as its reference year .
We are speaking about women , young people , immigrants and the aged .
It is also worth noting that demographic development has an important effect on the Union 's economic and social conditions .
I had the feeling that I was listening again to what we were told about mad cow disease .
We were told something along the same lines in that case , and everyone knows how it ended up .
It must stop serving Mammon - Ciba-Geigy , that is to say , and Monsanto , because it , too , is promoting this type of product and seeking a licence - and start to serve the interests of the people of Europe and to look after their health .
Madam President , I too would like to congratulate Mrs Roth on her excellent report .
I am glad to be able to tell the House today that a bill providing for an alternative form of national service which will , I believe , finally resolve an issue which has troubled the European Parliament and many of us , too , for so many years , has already been laid before the Greek parliament .
It does enshrine and guarantee the right of freedom of association and assembly for all citizens , including those belonging to minorities .
In addition we shall support it because of the way in which certain sides of this House have spoken against it during the debate .
Finally , we will be voting for it because it insists on absolute respect for nature and the environment .
The persistence with a policy that is increasing unemployment , poverty and social exclusion in Europe by the day is truly remarkable .
Where did you find them ?
To the point at which the planes start to fall out of the sky ?
Is that the sort of value judgment that we should be getting in to ?
That , in effect , is what your report advocates .
Not is so many words , of course ; but it does , essentially , advance the case that unemployment should be used as a means to controlling inflation .
This business that began in 1970 when stagflation was tackled to the detriment of the workers , where will it end ?
In finishing I would like to endorse the proposal made by Mr Donnelly this morning that other viewpoints on the matters covered by these reports should at long last be given a hearing so that we can escape from the intellectual cul-de-sac that you have led us into .
So we should be grateful to Mr Metten for his very important contribution and for endeavouring to draw our attention to the subject .
That will be the tricky time , and at that time the stabilization mechanisms must be strengthened and not removed .
They use whatever is in the Treaty and I feel that they deserve our support .
The first thing that I want to say on this matter , Mr President , is that it is essential to make a clear distinction between means and ends .
But gross domestic product is an end rather than a means , and it is not easy to fit it into the benchmarking framework .
It does not follow that two economies have the same objective function , and what constitutes the objective function of an economy is in itself a very big question .
Lastly , Mr President , the strength of competitiveness does not lie in sameness .
No research into how others do it is going to give us innovative ideas so that we can do something different and thus gain an advantage .
It does , of course , occur in the southern countries as well .
I must , however , make the following points .
Why is olive oil the only example of fraud that the Commission is concentrating on ?
Unfortunately , it is encountering strong opposition .
We should appreciate that the resale right is actually a right of the author and not a tax , as the opponents would have it .
In actual fact , the situation should not change