, who are present here today .
We also support the critical attitude towards Russia because , even if Russia is now giving some positive signals , notably with regard to its willingness to conclude an international agreement on the reduction of nuclear arsenals , which are no doubt too costly in this time of crisis , it still remains completely uncompromising on other issues , particularly regarding its neighbourhood policy , reproaching the European Union for interfering in its sphere of influence .
Russia took the initiative in 2001 , hence the current unrest .
It is vital that this money is channelled quickly to beneficiaries , so that more finance is available for priority projects .
These recommendations were the subject of a Commission communication adopted on 16 December .
This report will be based in particular on the annual implementation reports drafted by the Member States in June 2010 .
This will save 40 million tonnes of CO2 and reduce the energy bill of each family by EUR 450 per year .
Madam President , first of all , I would like to thank Mrs García Pérez , Mrs Jöns and Mr Angelaka , who have submitted excellent reports , and all the Members who have spoken .
However , it is true that a directive on energy efficiency is under consideration and , once this directive has been adopted , it will of course have to be applied .
Once again , I would like to thank Parliament for enabling us to act more quickly to limit the painful effects of the crisis , which some of you have pointed out and described so well .
The Libyan authorities must also develop a system for receiving migrants that complies with international law .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , two weeks ago I went to Lampedusa and Malta .
Did coastguards hamper the boats ' journey ?
What is important is to take action , and I echo what Mr Deprez said .
Although the text is not perfect and does not meet with all of our initial ambitions , the Commission unreservedly supports the compromise .
Since it was adopted , the Commission has been actively monitoring its application , including through several meetings with the Member States , industry and unions , in the committee and in various working groups created by the committee .
The Commission is aware of the gradual implementation of the regulation adopted by the European Parliament and the Council .
Not bad either is the 11 p.m. slot for an issue that is of great interest and concerns millions of citizens in Europe .
It is this dynamic and progressive definition that we are defending today in this sensitive area of electromagnetic waves .
The integration of migrants , whether residing legally or illegally , is a priority for us socialists .
That is simply contrary to the international conventions .
In short , the list is evidently not exhaustive , and the European directives currently being drafted concern equal access to social services and housing .
The majority in this Parliament , who gave an enthusiastic welcome to Kosovo 's unilateral declaration of independence , despite its being the historic cradle of the Serbian nation , is now harvesting the bitter fruits of its policy , with the Russian-backed independence of Abkhazia and Ossetia .
I voted in favour of Mrs Ries 's report on health concerns associated with electromagnetic fields .
It is essential to guarantee a high level of protection for consumers , especially children , without hampering the operation of mobile telephone networks .
Fortunately , however , summing this third package up as ownership unbundling would be a mistake .
Lastly , 2007 was the year of the last discharge vote before the European Parliament elections .
To conclude , I feel that it is time to reform our system , and I sincerely believe that this reform should hinge on an in-depth and sincere dialogue among all those involved with the budget .
Well , we hope and pray that this reform will take place so that we will at last have a positive statement of assurance , in forthcoming financial perspectives .
We knew that , given the current state of the law , there was not much more that could be done , but by acting in this way we have laid the foundations for this future European supervision .
We are at the stage where regulation - and strong regulation at that - is required .
We feel that this is necessary , and we have held a debate among ourselves , which I will not hide from you , to learn whether this assessment of countries outside the euro zone should be done exclusively on a case-by-case basis , or whether , in reality , there was basically a more global situation that was that of countries outside the euro zone .
Mr McCreevy has congratulated us on the promptness of our action .
Mr President , it is true that we would at times like the Commission to show the same sense of responsibility and effectiveness as the European Parliament .
Unless the sole aim is to have a business-driven Europe , nothing justifies centralising everything in one place , which is inevitably far from the peoples of Europe .
It is not the EUR 4 million envelope promised by the minister for agriculture and fisheries , intended as financial compensation linked to the stopping of boats that have reached their quota of fish , that will solve this problem .
The content of the version adopted in committee on 31 March would appear to be acceptable to everyone .
The definition of force majeure - which represents grounds for a possible refusal of transport - is put forward , and , on this issue , we have worked on a consensus amendment , which we have produced jointly .
