The Dublin Convention has entered into force , but several problems have been observed with its implementation .
These range from those who are fortunate enough to enjoy genuine protection complementing refugee status , to those who are merely tolerated and do not have refugee status or rights , and whose situation is totally unstable , precarious and constantly being called into question .
It proposes a useful complement to measures protecting human rights .
This amendment not only implies acceptance of the notion of national preference , but it clearly vindicates the system of quotas which would allow each Member State to take from poor countries the manpower and qualified workers it needs .
A healthy state is first and foremost a state which controls its influx of immigrants and makes it possible for its nationals to work and go out in the evening in complete safety .
However , as has been said , there is a lack of will , content and means .
This was a matter of urgency and that meant that a solution was cobbled together which is not satisfactory in the long term .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the main features of the report before us are its aim , its scope , its content and its orientation .
The first is a drift towards paralysis , linked , in particular , to an increase in the number of participants without the necessary reforms .
The Council must be responsible for making provisions but does not need to propose and implement , while the Commission must not assume parallel functions of government .
This means that there are many areas in which , given the prospect of enlargement , the European Union is virtually condemned to paralysis .
Therefore , the opportunity to solve one of Europe 's current major problems is being missed .
The report highlights the structural , economic and social problems brought about by the relations that the European Union currently has with its remote territories , relations that are not very well adapted .
As a result of this , on 8 October 1996 , I requested , as coordinator , that this issue be included on the list of proposals to be the subject of a future parliamentary own-initiative report in the Committee on Development and Cooperation .
There have obviously been others before me who have had the opportunity and the honour of speaking for the overseas departments , notably through the Ligios report .
Finally , our committee underlines the urgent need for delimitation of waters in the Caribbean , as that is the only means of achieving fisheries agreements in that region .
Otherwise this would not make sense .
To do this , I believe we must promote measures which are appropriate for the different forms of dissemination and piracy .
If we take music , for example , there is no doubt that digital compression technologies , such as MP3 or the new VQF standard that has appeared recently , represent a potential danger to the record industry , even if no scientific study has as yet been undertaken to confirm this .
For the first time in history , freedom is being played against art .
Capital moves around , even beyond Europe .
With regard to the minimum rate of taxation of interest paid , our group voted in favour of the amendment by the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy , which lowers this minimum rate to 15 % from the 20 % rate proposed by the Commission ; a minimum rate that is too high could result in the flight of capital to third countries .
The rapporteur 's original idea - like that of Mrs Lindeperg , whose report results from the same logic , despite the fact that they belong to different political groups - is that in view of the present difficulties in these areas , the policies can no longer be dealt with at national level alone .
Madam President , in the Lindeperg report which has just been voted on , the European Parliament calls for the 'upwards ' harmonisation - these are the words used in the explanatory statement - of forms of protection complementary to refugee status .
We understand the farmers ' concerns .
The Council tells us that it will apply pressure to put an end to this situation and to ensure that those responsible are brought to justice .
To some extent , this is recognition and affirmation of the Union 's global dimension , of its economic role , but also , and above all , of its political importance .
I would like to take a few examples from Mayotte of the inconsistency of our situation .
This is a considerable risk and it becomes evident when we read between the lines .
Mr President , the Committee on Development and Cooperation welcomed this own-initiative report on relations between the overseas countries and territories , the ACP countries and the ultraperipheral regions of the European Union .
I appreciate that the President-in-Office cannot anticipate the outcome of the structural fund reforms , but would he draw the attention of the other members of the Council to the fact that there is serious concern in this House that the Commission proposal for Objective I - namely applying the strict criterion of 75 % of GDP is unfair to some regions of this Community .
It must therefore be safeguarded .
Producers must be held liable for any damage to people or property and the placing of these products on the market must naturally be halted in the event of an alarm .
We have tabled eight basic amendments which we hope will be adopted by the House .
I sincerely hope that appropriate solutions can be found to solve this problem of end-of-life vehicles , particularly since