I therefore proposed that the Committee on Fisheries deliver a favourable opinion together with some appropriate amendments to the regulation .
As far as I am concerned , there is no reason why it should not change at some point in the future to become a model of income support for the fishermen in the outermost regions based on the model that is being adopted and developed to support farmers .
( PT ) We are still waiting !
The Community system of support for the disposal of some fishery products in certain outermost regions , including the Autonomous Region of Madeira , a system established in 1992 following on from the POSEI programmes , has been subject to successive extensions and revisions .
Mr President , before it even opened , the Barcelona European Council created apprehension and suspicion in the minds of some people , who were afraid that it would go back on the Lisbon strategy .
We must encourage their participation in the labour market , which will remain a utopian ideal unless active measures to reconcile family life with professional life are adopted .
( PT ) As stated in the motion for a resolution tabled by the Group of the United European Left , of which we are members , the Barcelona Summit addressed some extremely important issues , specifically with regard to pursuing and speeding up the privatisation , liberalisation and deregulation of the energy , transport and telecommunications sectors and important aspects of workers ' rights .
Hence our vote against the joint motion for a resolution by the other political groups , which we do not agree with .
The main objective of the initiative is to enable Member States to exchange information on groups of football team supporters and on their trips to other countries , and even to be able to exchange information on whether these groups should be classified as peaceful or violent .
This proposal does not affect the existing legal mechanisms for judicial assistance , but represents an important additional measure in that it enables the Member States of the European Union to fulfil their obligations as laid down in the Statute of the International Criminal Court established in Rome by Convention in 1998 and which is ready to enter into force as soon as the necessary number of Member States ratifies it .
Madam President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I should like to begin by congratulating the Commission , in the person of Commissioner António Vitorino , on the excellent initiative that it has presented .
Although I consider the approach that the Commission is following to be fundamentally correct , I felt it would be appropriate and sensible to table some amendments with the following objectives : firstly , to make the programme 's line of action clearer , and to make the wording more precise , not least because projects submitted are to be evaluated for conformity with the programme 's objectives .
A hundred per cent financing from the Community budget could be justified only in the case of projects which were in the very best interests of the European Union and which could not be carried out with a lower rate of funding .
With this in mind , the basic legal provision was voluntarily confined to laying down the broad guidelines , because the Commission felt that the task of defining priorities more precisely must be left up to the annual programmes , year by year , in line with developments in the political situation and the actual requirements of the situation as regards crime .
The amendment tabled by the rapporteur that defines this concept of partnership more clearly is , therefore , totally acceptable to the Commission .
Instead , we propose that the presentation of the annual report be brought forward to June 2004 so that the European Parliament can be informed as quickly as possible on the first results of the implementation of the programme to have already produced effects that are likely to be assessed .
I must also highlight a recent survey published by Eurobarometer , which confirms that the environment , together with security , health and unemployment , is one of the main issues of concern to the citizens of the European Union .
They both seek to give a clear indication of Parliament 's unequivocal preference for the Commission 's approach , in other words , for the adoption of a first-pillar instrument , because legislating on environmental matters falls within Community competence .
The extraordinary European Council meeting in Tampere in 1999 agreed in that common definitions , common incriminations and common sanctions should be established in a limited number of sectors of particular importance , and among those sectors it highlighted the environmental crime issue .
Nevertheless , the Commission has taken a more ambitious approach by proposing a directive .
The Commission is not seeking an interinstitutional conflict .
I can fully subscribe to the arguments that have been put forward by Mrs Oomen-Ruijten .
We respect subsidiarity because the framework decision put forward by Denmark very closely follows the Council of Europe Convention concerning environmental crime .
I would like to thank again the rapporteurs , as well as Mr Wuori , the draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market , for their valuable input and support , especially as they all had to work within very tight time limits on a very complex matter .
This is one which , I am sure , the Commission will never accept !
We will not be resolving the entire asylum issue , but we are certainly taking a step forwards .
There have certainly been laws , ratified by those countries that want to , and which apply in some places and not in others ; some doors open and others close , and it is