It is , of course , no secret that there are many of us who are concerned that the Commission ' s proposal might lead to renationalisation and thus to an undermining of the internal market , something which would hit small and medium-sized companies hardest and be to the disadvantage of consumers .
I should therefore also like to strike a blow for the Commission ' s competition authority being given more resources so that we do not run the risk of competition policy being watered down and taken over by the Member States .
Without Article 3 , the proposal is unacceptable to the ELDR Group .
The Council ' s hesitation concerning Article 3 makes it abundantly clear how crucial it is for Parliament to be given the right of codecision making on competition policy .
This is something that Parliament has demanded for many years now and , with the forthcoming Intergovernmental Conference , the time must now be ripe for action .
Mr President , I can tell you that it is a long time since the Danish people have heard so much about the EU as they have in the last few weeks , and that is something for which we can thank Commissioner Monti His work opposing cartels has been front page news for a couple of weeks .
That is something for which I would thank the Commissioner , and I have observed that there has been support in all quarters for what the Commissioner has done .
That is something for which I would thank you .
We have observed the need for the Commission to be given access to all papers if the Commission is effectively to be able to make use of its powers and go after those cartels which do not comply with the laws .
I have understood from Commissioner Monti and his colleagues that this is a view he shares and , as Mr Evans has said , the Group of the European People ' s Party will therefore vote against Amendment No 10 if the Commissioner submits such an opinion .
Mr President , first of all , I should like to thank the Commission for now having led the way by implementing the new provisions in the Treaty of Amsterdam establishing quality and safety standards for , among other things , human blood and blood components .
I should also , however , like to thank Mr Nisticò for the work he has put into the report .
With the improvements proposed by the Committee , we can make for greater safety and ensure blood of a higher quality , from collection right up to distribution .
I think that , with regard to self-sufficiency too , it is important for it to be said that , by means of these rules in the individual countries and in the EU as a whole , we can prioritise the issue of self-sufficiency .
Many countries have already established pools of donors .
It is just a question of getting them going .
That also leads me to say a few words about the extent to which blood donation should be non-remunerated , which is of course the major issue here .
I think there are two reasons for specifying this .
The first reason is ethical .
In my view , a person ' s blood , tissue and organs ought not to be commodities .
The other reason is that non-remunerated donation provides blood which is safest and of the highest quality .
In that connection , I am delighted with the broad support given by the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Policy to the Council of Europe ' s definition of voluntary , non-remunerated blood donation .
I find that unsavoury , and I think that , in reality , industry is quite cynically helping to prevent the ideal situation for patients who have to be given blood , namely that blood and plasma are donated without remuneration and thus from an established and stable body of donors .
However , I should like to add to what Mr Nisticò has said by pointing out that I am pleased with the oral amendment to Mr Nisticò ' s Amendment No 75 and that , in my view , there is no one at all in this House who could dream of putting a patient in a situation in which he was unable to obtain blood or plasma .
The intention seems to be that this House should have a debate on blood at about midnight when the werewolves are out , but be that as it may , at precisely midnight , I heard Commissioner Byrne say - but it may have been an error of interpretation , which is why I should like to have it repeated - that he did not believe that blood from stable and voluntary pools of donors , familiar to us from a number of Member States , was safer and of a higher quality than that obtained from people who supplement their income by donating blood .
I am shocked that this is how the Commissioner for Health and Consumer Protection views the situation , so I hope that he will deny having said these words .
It is absolutely certain that blood from a voluntary and stable body of donors who readily make their blood available to their fellow members of society is of a better quality than blood obtained from people wishing to supplement their income in this way .
Mr President , Mr Söderman , it is more than ten years since we proposed introducing a European Ombudsman .
That battle was lost but must now be joined again .
The Ombudsman must , of course , respect privacy and reasonable demands for confidentiality , but he must have the opportunity to see everything .
The European Parliament ' s Committee on Budgetary Control has