State , and no other .
None of us is on the breadline yet !
Mr President , according to our voting list , there should be a separate vote on the principle of a transitional regime .
I propose that we keep to the voting list that has been distributed .
Therefore , are their explanations of vote valid or not ?
It is incumbent upon us in this Parliament to distance ourselves from any attempt to use this programme to facilitate the development of such communication or surveillance technologies .
Competitive ways must be found of producing fuels which will spare the environment and reduce consumption .
According to the Treaties , however , the European Parliament does have a horizontal remit to check that taxpayers ' money is being correctly spent within the EU.
As the days go by , more and more reports of alleged fraud and suspected irregularities are coming in .
What is needed is access to documents and an open system of administration .
The Green Group and I will naturally be voting against discharge .
No one would dispute that there are grounds for the tough criticism which Parliament has addressed to the Commission on a number of points .
I am convinced that most people , on reflection , would rather see a parliament working positively for change than one which allowed anger and irritation to gain the upper hand .
Parliament 's attitude to date has , I feel , been particularly constructive .
We would not however be behaving with any degree of responsibility if we refused discharge or submitted a motion of censure - which would be a logical consequence of such a decision .
Secondly , a vote of no confidence is an indiscriminate instrument .
No evaluation of the last six months will be complete until we see that the goals set are being achieved .
The credibility of each and every one of us is at stake here .
I sadly cannot endorse the compromise reached on how the euro zone should be represented on the international stage .
And the decision this week by the agriculture ministers to ban the use of certain antibiotics was excellent news .
Let us hope that the Commission and its President will make the most of the right of initiative they do actually enjoy under the third pillar .
Our views seem to tally pretty much on many of the issues , which is gratifying .
As the Commissioner herself pointed out , this is partly due to the fact that various mafia-style rings have discovered that trafficking in human life is a highly profitable enterprise - a situation which we did not have to face in the past .
Surely the least we can do is to reach agreement on guaranteeing illegal immigrants in the EU their full human rights .
Their predicament further complicates the situation .
Mr President , this report asserts that asymmetry within the EU economy will decrease with the introduction of the euro .
Countries differ in terms of their dependence on raw materials from abroad ; and the single market itself is creating growing inequalities .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , we are currently celebrating the anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights , and it is belief in those rights that inspires the award of the Sakharov prize .
Mr President , might it be possible to have this exhibition moved to a commercial site , sparing us its presence in the buildings of the European Parliament and Council of Europe ?
But it is an ill wind that blows no good , so let us hope that those governments with a penchant for high taxation might come to the realisation that lower taxes across the board - and not just in this trivial area of duty-free sales - make economic sense and create jobs .
We are not offering alms to our poor neighbours .
Political reform has consolidated democracy ; and this commitment to human rights and democratic principles has delivered a more peaceful Europe .
As President Gil-Robles said earlier today , it is of particular importance that countries wishing to join the European Union demonstrate a commitment to human rights .
The three richest people in the world have fortunes which surpass the combined GNP of the 48 poorest countries .
The past two decades of neo-liberalism have led to a spectacular increase in unfairness and inequality around the planet .
Is this a matter of fate ?
Thirty million individuals die of starvation and 800 million struggle on in a permanent state of malnutrition - not as a result of natural disasters , but because hunger is wielded as a headline-catching political weapon .
Today 's human rights violations contain the seeds of tomorrow 's conflicts .
We can no longer claim that a shortage of resources keeps us from acting .
Had such an arrangement existed , the Commission 's shortcomings , for instance , would have been discovered much sooner , or might never have arisen .
We are also concerned about the large number of databanks which is constantly growing .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , can the right to life be compared with the right to holidays ?
In some EU countries , it is hypocritical to claim that everyone has a right to work .
Political rights such as democracy , freedom of expression , property rights and freedom of trade are preconditions for the development of enterprise , employment and well-being - goals we are all striving to achieve .
Abortion , cohabitation laws for homosexuals and the requirements they have to comply with in order to adopt children - all these are matters for national family legislation .
We therefore intend to vote against discrimination , but we shall abstain on family issues which are the concern of individual Member States .
