is , I believe , one of the most important issues but one which once again calls for political will .
Madam President , at the Tampere Council , we must decide to fight against drugs , organised crime and the threat to the safety of our citizens .
The resignation of the Commission proves that we do not just need institutions - we also need the control mechanisms and the collective will to assign the European Commission the role it deserves .
I am afraid that the problems are getting out of hand and our way of tackling them is far too bureaucratic .
We also need to ensure the success of enlargement which can only be made possible , Madam President , if we increase our existing pool of resources .
It was the first European country where I saw with my own eyes what democracy and socialism mean and what it means for a nation to live freely and not under military rule .
It was a great eye-opener for me and has remained with me throughout my life .
I regret that I cannot speak more on your very interesting programme , but unfortunately political issues have arisen here which I am obliged to comment on .
Surely , however , it will be very economical for the European Union to establish the Centre in Thessaloniki .
I am dumbfounded , Mr Commissioner !
As regards Öçalan , now regarded by many as a terrorist - just as Arafat and the IRA were terrorists before we accepted them as leaders of their people - the least we can do for him , since the idea of political asylum seems to have fallen by the wayside , is , as our colleague so aptly put it , to save his life if that is what it takes to rid ourselves of the stigma that , up until now , has been attached to our conduct in the matter .
We heard Mr Fischer , the great general of the European Union , who is in command of the incursions in the Balkans , speaking about Turkey and the only thing he said was that in Helsinki Turkey should be upgraded to a preaccession state .
There are two very good reasons why the European Union should intervene proactively .
In this case , we need actual intervention , not words .
The resolution on Kosovo contains many declarations of good intentions and correct general principles , but there are also contradictions and omissions , even deliberate concealments .
The declaration within the resolution of the need for a multi-ethnic Kosovo is all well and good , but to call on the KLA to safeguard this multi-ethnicity may be seen as rather black humour , particularly as one paragraph prescribes the disarmament of the military and paramilitary groups of the KLA itself , which I can only assume is because they are considered a threat to the progress of ( multi-ethnic ? )
More generally , the incorporation of a reliable and realistic European agenda with a view to eventual accession into the EU , which we shall oversee and support , is the only solution which , in effect , can stabilise and creatively develop relations between all the Balkan countries and their relations with the rest of Europe and the world .
That is why we support the proposal for environmental inspections .
There are ways in which we can organise it to make the inspections of a random nature and perhaps have them at a higher level of legal redress , which would not necessarily involve any red tape .
Mr President , despite the brave efforts , all the palaver with the resignation of the Commission , the replacement and hearings of the Commissioners did not succeed in blotting out the crux of the problem .
We must admit that the Commissioners under scrutiny , both as individuals and as a whole , have all the skills and determination , as was evident not only in the hearings but also in Mr Prodi' s statements today , to meet both faithfully and unswervingly the objectives of the European Union at the cost of the interests of the working people and of the European people more generally .
It is simply the old hiding under the cloak of the new .
As far as I know , Mr Prodi received a letter from the Greek Prime Minister .
Its goal should be to become a place where freedom and social justice prevails for all European citizens .
The recent crisis and the resignation of the European Commission due to certain individuals who did not fulfil their duties contributed to the disillusionment of the European people .
Of course , we are not asking you to breach any treaties .
We hope that you will make transparency within the functioning of the European Commission a priority and set your initial goal as policies covering citizen protection , employment , cultural development as well as solidarity amongst those who suffer from an absence of democracy and from poverty .
In order to overcome all that , Mr President , originality and dynamism are necessary of which I hope you have plenty in reserve because many of us believe that these elements appear to have been lacking , judging by your speeches so far .
Europe , Mr President , imported the Balkan problems the moment it decided , with the force of weapons , to find a settlement to those problems .
Madam President , please allow me , first of all , as a Greek MEP , to express my sorrow at the death of a former colleague and friend , the Greek Deputy Foreign Minister , Yannos Kranidiotis and his entourage .
Madam President-in-Office of the Council , in a few hours , you will have in front of you a resolution of the European Parliament on these issues .
