Instead , we should leave the economy and the market to get on with it , since this is the best way to promote change and renewal and create new jobs .
I too would like to welcome Nicole Péry back here in the Chamber and perhaps I could say , Nicole , that we miss you particularly when we have extremely difficult votes to transact .
Perhaps you could pop back periodically .
I would like to say that the compromise resolution tabled by my group and others has been cut down to the bare essentials to make it absolutely clear what we are calling for , but even so there seems to be a tremendous amount of confusion over exactly what we are calling for and I would therefore like to spell out two things that we are not calling for .
First , we are not calling for the creation of a new expensive agency or institute .
The tasks we want a monitoring centre to undertake can be handled at the Dublin Foundation and/or the Seville Joint Research Centre at little extra cost .
Second , we are not seeking to stop mergers , transfers , restructuring or globalisation itself .
That would be a ludicrous notion , but we want to see a socially responsible and anticipatory approach to these developments .
We want the establishment of a coordinating centre for the monitoring of industrial change as a contribution to a more pro-active approach to the management of medium and longer-term industrial change in terms of its impact within the European Union and I would draw Mr Chichester 's attention to the fact that service industries too are industries and we are looking at industrial change overall .
This would be a centre to gather information and intelligence from all possible partners and actors , business itself , institutions of higher and further education , the employment services both public and private , the social partners from all relevant actors and again I would say to Mr Chichester , we are not saying here that governments should try to predict change .
We want to work with all partners including business itself to try to assess the direction of change .
The task of such a centre then should be to channel relevant information on anticipated changes to decision-makers at all levels to help increase our overall capacity to prepare the policy changes necessary to harness the opportunities to be gained from the perceived direction of change .
This is not an idea we have plucked out of the air .
As both the minister and the Commissioner have said , this follows on from the Gyllenhammar High Level Group following the Vilvoorde closure by Renault .
The recommendation to create an observatory is one in fact that has been picked up in several EPP resolutions in recent months and I am therefore very surprised to see such a hostile resolution from that quarter here this week .
The Liberal and EPP resolution says that such a centre would try to interfere in the markets and in commercial decisions .
That is not the case at all .
This is not about interference in commercial decisions but about making sure that we maximise the chances of us all being winners rather than simply the passive victims of change .
But who knows , Mr Chichester , maybe even the world of commerce would benefit from the improved intelligence such a centre could provide .
My final point is this : the resolution by the EPP and the Liberals is factually incorrect .
It states that both Council and Commission have pulled back from the decision to create such an observatory , such a centre .
We have heard from both the presidency of the Council here today and from the Commission that they are actively pursuing the idea .
Your resolution is factually incorrect .
It is missing the point and I hope even that at the eleventh hour you will recognise a good idea when you see it , withdraw your resolution and support ours .
But perhaps I am a hopeless optimist .
Mr President , Mr Hughes says he does not want a new agency and yet his resolution plainly calls for a new agency and to deny it is merely playing with words .
He says he wants no interference in industry , and yet Mrs Diamantopoulou talks about preventive measures .
She clearly thinks that change is a bad thing .
She wants to keep loss-making industries on life-support systems when we should be releasing the resources of labour and capital so that they can work in viable new enterprises .
If we want to survive and prosper in the 21st century then we must welcome and manage change .
We must not monitor and prevent it .
So I was deeply disheartened to hear of this proposal for an observatory .
The rule seems to be : another day , another quango .
For the benefit of colleagues I should perhaps explain that a quango is a recently-coined English word short for "quasi non-governmental organisation" , in other words , a new piece of bureaucracy , more money spent , more jobs for the boys , more patronage for their bosses .
And all for what ?
To produce fat reports which will be translated into 11 languages but which nobody will read .
We seem to have only two responses in the EU to any real or imagined problem .
We either create a new regulation without any concern as to whether existing regulations are working properly or we create an observatory .
Then we stand back proud and happy that we have solved the problem .
But we have not solved the problem .
We have simply postponed it .
We have wasted time and money and we have raised expectations which will not be fulfilled .
As with so many EU