.
In the negotiations , we agreed on a new temporary PNR agreement .
Despite the difficulties , the negotiations mandate given by the Council in June 2006 was adhered to .
The Committee of Permanent Representatives followed the progress of the talks closely and discussed the outcome and its content on 6 October .
Coreper said that it was in favour of signing the text of the negotiations .
The temporary agreement which resulted from the negotiations will apply after it has been signed .
During this time , the parties intend to agree on a more permanent arrangement for releasing PNR data .
The United States wanted to change the previous arrangement so that it would accord better with an altered operational environment .
The EU will take the letter into consideration , but it will not become a part of the agreement .
The outcome of the talks is a success for many reasons .
This is vitally important .
The agreement contains a provision which states that the US Department of Homeland Security should be seen to guarantee adequate protection for PNR data sent from the EU.
These authorities have , however , been specified in the agreement .
At the same time it will ensure that airlines are able to operate viably .
We have other good news for airlines .
This has always been an important objective for us .
We shall therefore return to this matter very soon .
They reflect the justifiable concerns of industry and employees , and important considerations as far as consumers are concerned .
Right from the start we realised that this would be a very tough and complicated case , and , after a thorough investigation , the Commission in April imposed temporary anti-dumping tariffs .
All the conditions of anti-dumping tariffs were met ; there is no doubt about that .
Several speeches , like the one just now , mentioned consumer prices .
The average import price is EUR 8 , while every one of us knows that shoes in a shop normally cost many times more than that .
Member of the Commission .
Many Members have expressed concern about the EU losing expert knowledge .
We are keen to retain the expertise we have and are therefore , as far as possible , inviting those staff who now work for the EAR to do the same type of work in the Commission 's delegations .
Mr President , I would thank Parliament for its support for our stabilisation and integration policy in the Western Balkans .
I wish to extend a special thank you to the rapporteur , Mr Coelho , and to the shadow rapporteurs for the splendid consensus we have achieved and for the constructive outcome of our work .
By how long is not yet clear .
We therefore propose that the Commission immediately set up an independent inquiry into the causes of the delay .
The Schengen area is one of the EU 's most successful projects .
It might be said to be one of the EU 's most fundamental tasks .
In the first stage , it would only be permitted to confirm a person 's identity with the help of fingerprints .
In the SIS II system , their use is , however , relatively uncontroversial because the database concerned contains , for the most part , information about people sought by the authorities .
The use of biometric criteria is a much bigger issue , both technically and administratively , in the case of the visa system than it is in the case of SIS II .
For the visas , the fingerprints of 20 million people per year are to be taken .
Otherwise , there is a great risk of the Schengen enlargement being delayed in this important area too , and that is something that we really do not wish to see happen . on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group . - ( FI ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the message that we are receiving from the world of science is becoming ever more serious : the more recent the study , the more serious the message from science is on accelerated climate change .
At the same time the economic analyses show that very ambitious emission reductions are very reasonable in terms of cost and they will of course be a lot cheaper than letting climate change run riot .
That is evident from the huge success of Al Gore 's film , long articles in the big newspapers on climate change and its possible solution , and , most recently , the latest issue of Scientific American on energy without coal .
We must be worthy of this trust .
Neither can we be content in the context of international talks with waiting and wasting time .
Within Europe too , we have to make our own emission reduction commitments and take action in line with the aim to prevent the world from heating up by more than two degrees .
It is not enough that emissions are traded ; emissions trading must also result in a reduction in emissions in the way described in the Kyoto Protocol .
The wrong investments will become very expensive .
This recent incident gives us a clear reason why that should be a priority for the European Union .
I find it absolutely appalling that the Chinese state media Xinhua reported the shooting as self-defence , while video footage clearly shows the Tibetan refugees were shot from a distance and in the back .
None of the refugees had a weapon of any kind , not even a knife .
I would like to thank the Presidency for that .
Over the next 50 years , for example , fish stocks are threatened with collapse .
Marine regions vary in terms of their characteristics , and at least some of the problems are essentially local