What is needed is specific action , and I do not know if you have any in mind .
I do not know what measures you could take to prevent the death of thousands of children from hunger in Diyarbakir .
Turning to the subject , I must say that we agree with the common position Parliament is debating and will be voting on .
Safety at sea is an aim in itself , I would say it justifies itself , and it is the duty of us all to ensure the safety of shipping to save both lives and property .
But this , of course , is not the time to talk about that .
However , as Mr Dell'Alba has said , there is a big problem with regard to the MEDA programme .
That is the impression I get .
So have I got it right : the rich get richer and the poor get poorer - is that the game ?
Madam President , these men who call themselves the Taliban , these men whom we noted a year ago in the southern provinces of Afghanistan as they imposed their self-righteous insolence in the name of religious freedom and gloried in their power , these men who totally disregard the unique and essential presence of women in life , who go so far as to stop women caring for children in orphanages and to restrict the activities of female doctors , these men who ban women from teaching and stop them working outside the home , who deny girls the right to education and prevent them developing their minds , these men - men like them - will come to the fore elsewhere in the future unless we do something to stop them .
The time has come for us to stand up to fanaticism and to make it clear that each freedom , even religious freedom , must also entail showing respect for humanity and for the freedoms that are its as of right .
These incidents are a ploy by the occupation army and the illegal regime in northern Cyprus to create the impression that Greek Cypriots and Turkish Cypriots cannot live peacefully together , which is utterly inaccurate and unsupported by history .
Only in that way can Turkey be made to understand that if it wishes to have normal relations with us it will have to conform to our common principles and values .
All four were murdered in the most brutal manner by the Turkish occupation army .
All of this is part of a specific strategy of the occupation regime in northern Cyprus and the government in Ankara which , in reality , pulls the strings .
They have no right of communication , no health care facilities and have been refused permission to replace a teacher who is retiring .
Madam President , in recent months as Turkey has stepped up its provocation in Cyprus we have frequently had occasion to censure it .
Firstly , that efforts to solve the Cyprus problem will continue and that the recent murders of Greek Cypriots are an additional reason for active involvement by the European Union .
Fifthly , that accession can and will benefit both communities , and that it will benefit the Turkish Cypriots most of all because they have a lot to gain from the Greek Cypriots in economic terms .
The supposed Turkish Cypriot state certainly does have that capacity .
The people of Cyprus are , indeed , capable of living together again in a unified and democratically organized country ; in a country of the very sort that the organizers of the recent murders are striving to prevent emerging .
These criminal actions must be seen in that light , as must the regime of suffering imposed on the people in the enclave , specifically in Karpassia , where out of 20 , 000 Greek Cypriots and Maronites only 700 now remain .
Mr President , the attack on the Patriarchate Cathedral Church of St . George in Constantinople by Turkish Islamist extremists will , of course , be condemned by every decent and liberal person , regardless of political persuasion or religious conviction .
At the end of September a hand grenade was exploded in the Patriarchate by Muslim extremists , and that was not the first outrage that has occurred .
And are they not heartened by the closure of the theological college at Chalki , which is directly linked to the fortunes of the Patriarchate ?
Mr President , I think that it should be the Turkish Government itself , as much as the European Parliament , which ought to be showing interest in preserving and promoting the rich heritage handed down from the depths of history in Constantinople by the various cultures and religions .
I believe that there should be an emergency support programme to help Bulgaria overcome this serious nutritional crisis .
That multi-dimensional character of tourism should make it the focus of unwavering attention and wide-ranging support in Community policy .
In parallel with that , a central position in tourism policy must be accorded to the protection of employees , support for SMEs , health and safety and protection of the environment .
As a result the olive oil sector and the producers are faced with an accomplished fact .
The olive oil sector , which - and this must be emphasized - is a deficit sector within the European Union , will be in a dreadful position .
Everyone is aware of the existence of the green line in Cyprus , of the green line which encircles Nicosia .
Mr President , I request you to use your good offices to try to get that arbitrary action reversed .
I would just like to draw attention to two specific features of the SAVE II programme which are truly worth bearing in mind .
Firstly , it is based on an evaluation of the first programme and