The truth is that this situation is in danger of worsening in the face of the simultaneous challenges of an ageing population and of globalisation .
We cannot deliver the future European Union budget without the instruments , along with multilateral surveillance , shared experience , and all the mechanisms that we have at our disposal .
I am very thankful to Prime Minister Blair for the support he has given to this fund .
If we do nothing it will be much more painful than if we change now with our values and with our determination .
Is it not the case that unemployment in the United Kingdom has been reduced to 5 % of the active population ?
On the subject of public services : although no one denied the increase in spending that has taken place over the last three years , we were told – and I quote – that the benefits offered , and methods used , in the public sector have been modelled on those of the private sector , with profitability as a concern .
That is why we would prefer to emulate the policies pursued by the Nordic countries : more investment in research , more rights to life-long training , maintenance of a high level of solidarity and redistribution , and high-quality public services .
You will not resolve this crisis with less Europe .
Mr Blair stated that research was the cornerstone for remaining competitive .
According to him , we must put an end to the impasse of protectionism .
The latter , which is led by the United States , seeks to combat terrorism , in other words the Taliban .
When it comes to discussing the terms for this , I would like , Commissioner , to act as an interpreter for the Afghan people themselves : they insist on the urgent need for protection from the interference of their neighbours in Pakistan and Iran , and believe that , once this is achieved , they will be able to solve their own problems between themselves .     .
Today , however , as you have said , we cannot fail to notice that , as the elections approach , tensions are mounting and the rules laid down are not being applied at all .
Although the new rules of cumulative origin , as proposed by Commissioner Mandelson , are moving in the right direction , South-South economic integration is still far from complete .
Despite all that , the Barcelona process has made it possible to institute mechanisms and forums for political dialogue on these issues , and has therefore laid the necessary foundations to launch an ambitious policy of promoting human rights and democracy .
In this regard , freedom of the press , which I would like to emphasise today , and the status of journalists are without doubt the best examples of this set of shared values .
That is why we are calling for the Geneva Conventions on the rights of political prisoners and , in particular , on the right to go to the toilet , to be implemented .
Clearly we have a high percentage of inadmissibles , but we have managed to help 70 % of those who come to us and whose complaints are not admissible .
I am also grateful to all the staff of the committee for their help and I hope that this cooperation will continue .
In the following heading , we have two amendments : one amendment tabled by the Committee on Budgets and another concerning orphan medicinal products , which was tabled by the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Food Safety .
Let us not think about keeping our hands clean while we let our southern partners do the dirty work .
He had denounced the corruption taking place in relation to procurement procedures for the mobile telephone sector .
Nothing cripples citizenship more than the feeling of inferiority generated by the daily onslaughts of poverty , subordination and dependency .
Yet , with 20 million unemployed people in Europe , what social model are you talking about ?
The form of globalisation that we know today has always been presented to us as a positive phenomenon that creates wealth .
Europe provides an opportunity and a hope .
Mr President , I believe that we have done well to instigate this debate , because what Mr  Frattini has told us is slightly different from what was initially announced and because you will at least recognise that , if such mysteriously named places – black sites , salt mines containing ‘ghost prisoners’ , etc . – do actually exist , then Article 6 of the Treaty and the Treaty itself would be given short shrift .
Who should be held responsible for this ?
Our guiding principle was , and remains , the general European interest .
We need to link these programmes to our political priorities , to improve the Union’s economic governance and to strengthen national and European efforts in relation to reform and investment – an investment at national level , but also at European level with a view to tomorrow’s economy , to innovation , to knowledge and to new infrastructures .
The problems encountered by some of our Member States are not exclusive to these countries : in reality , such problems affect the whole of Europe .
I agree .
The international economy now needs some good news , especially because of the high costs of energy .
Even those who were most reluctant now see that this is a European issue and that we face the same challenges , such as rising prices , falling reserves , increasing dependency on a few parts of the world , and also the need to protect our environment .
We must show as institutions that we are listening carefully to our citizens and that we are addressing