Olympic Games and why are we putting them in the 2001 budget ?
Is this another matter of horse-trading ?
God forbid that it should be , but it may well be just another of those situations .
Whilst we have been awaiting the amending letter from the Commission on its staffing needs , we see that the Council has reduced the Commission 's administrative expenditure by EUR 25 million .
That is on top of the EUR 14 million announced by the Commission after publication of the PDB.
We now have a EUR 39 million cut .
I thought that the Council was supposed to wait until we had received the letter of amendment before making any significant changes .
We have a joint role in this matter .
The letter of amendment is quite a significant document .
We began discussing it yesterday in the Committee on Budgets .
We will continue discussing it at 5.30 p.m. today , and those discussions will go on .
It is a good document , there is no doubt about that , but a lot of questions still need to be answered , for instance on the early retirement scheme and not just where the Commission is concerned , because the proposals being made could well have a knock-on effect for other institutions .
That is why , Mr President-in-Office , we need information from you as soon as possible about the attitude of the Council .
I do not doubt for one minute that you will consider the matter carefully , as you have said , but we need to know how far the Council will be going along with the Commission proposals , especially when it comes to the early retirement scheme .
Whilst we can agree or disagree with most of what the Commission is proposing , at the end of the day the Council has to bring forward the legislation for the early retirement scheme .
So our two institutions need to sit down and talk this through .
I would hate this to degenerate into a ping-pong battle between them .
We need to agree on a real assessment of the Commission 's needs .
If we want the Commission to do the job which we are always asking it to do , then at least in the three institutions we need to be clear about what we are asking it to do and what staffing levels are required .
As to what is next , we in Parliament need to make some hard decisions , not least on the letter of amendment and especially category IV.
If we go along with what is proposed in the draft budget or indeed with the PDB , a lot of Parliament 's favourite areas , be they NGOs , Asia , Latin America or whatever , will be affected .
So our committees , which are voting at present , will be submitting their proposals as soon as they can and we will take the necessary decisions at the end of this month .
But the plea I make to the Commission is to give us some early indication of what it is going to propose for the Notenboom procedure .
That would help us tremendously .
What is contained within the Notenboom procedure could actually relieve our plight next year .
If you can front-load the areas of concern this year and we can carry over into next year or at least use this year , which will lighten the burden for next year , then a lot of our problems can be eased .
I am sure that our institutions can come to a settlement along those lines , and then we will have a decent budget at the end of this year .
Mr President , may I say from this side of the House as one who served in the last Parliament that it is a great pleasure to see Mrs Péry here in this Chamber in Parliament .
I would like to make several points about this issue of an observatory or monitoring centre .
First of all , existing bodies within the EU institutions are already doing this work and are capable of doing it .
It seems curious to me to propose another agency , more machinery , and more budgetary expenditure to duplicate work that is already taking place .
For example , the Joint Research Centre Institute in Seville that deals with prospective future technologies is looking at this area .
The Dublin Institute has been mentioned already .
Secondly , governments and other types of public sector organisations do not have a particularly good record or an aptitude for predicting change in industry , in commerce , in business and in enterprise .
Nor , in my view , should they try to do that .
Let the economy and market forces get on with it .
I am curious about the socialist emphasis on industrial change when we in the developed economies now live in a situation in which 20 % or less of the work-force is employed in conventional industry and everyone else works in the services sector in the new economy .
I am surprised because that emphasis denotes unawareness of this particular form of change .
In other words , it is all happening , it has happened already and furthermore it has happened probably despite , rather than because of , the fact that governments second-guess what is going to happen and how it should happen .
Moreover , if there is a need for study on an academic or research basis , then it is surely better to use existing bodies .
By all means involve the two sides of industry in the research work , but let us not set up yet another EU agency or body .
In short , we should not try to reinvent the wheel .
