They are all of the opinion that we need to stop the increase in quotas .
The drop in prices on the world milk and dairy market over the last 12 months resulted from a general increase in production and a fall in worldwide demand due to the economic and financial crisis .
I voted in favour of the motion for a joint resolution on the crisis in the dairy farming sector since I believe urgent measures are needed to resolve the serious crisis that the sector is experiencing , particularly by stimulating demand so as to restore market balance .
I regret a certain insensitivity on the part of the European Commission and , at a national level , the poor management of this process by the Portuguese Government .
To stabilise prices now , the bonus of 2 % of the annual increase beyond the quota must be withdrawn urgently .
These are just one-off measures , however , which do not solve the basic problems of the sector , particularly those of small and medium-sized producers , for whom the situation is likely to get worse in future , given the intention that has been announced to abolish milk quotas .
Consolidation of the internal energy market throughout Europe is also very important for increasing energy security .
Nonetheless , a properly functioning internal energy market and the diversification of energy sources will also be extremely important in preventing future crises and interruptions in energy supply .
Setting up the special committee on the financial and economic crisis as a body to analyse and evaluate the coordination of the measures taken by the Member States to support sustainable qualitative growth is crucial .
It is therefore vital to learn the lessons of this crisis by examining its causes and consequences .
The Treaty of Lisbon makes the fight against climate change a specific objective of EU environmental policy , acknowledging that it has a leading role , internationally , in the fight against climate change .
The disregarding of the Irish people 's 'no ' in the first referendum , and the unacceptable blackmail and interference that followed it , culminating in an enormous campaign that included the shameless use of the resources of the Irish State and of the European Union , will also go down in history .
By adopting special aid instruments , such as the European Union Solidarity Fund , the EU is demonstrating that it is capable of maintaining unity in the face of adversity , in situations that are particularly demanding in human and material terms .
Let us not forget that the proposed revision of the regulations that this Fund establishes , submitted by the Commission and rejected by Parliament in May 2006 , is still pending in Council .
In fact , the existence of situations in which the same people may be subject to parallel criminal processes , relating to the same events and in different Member States , may lead to violations of the ne bis in idem principle , which must be effectively applied throughout the European judicial area .
We voted against this report because of the strengthening of the role of Eurojust that it aims to establish .
In our opinion , this is another example of exactly that .
I am pleased with the agreements concluded at the G20 Summit in Pittsburgh .
It is a priority to understand what happened at that level and thereby avoid repetition of the errors of the past .
I voted for the European Parliament resolution on the G20 Summit , held in Pittsburgh on 24 and 25 September , because I believe that the present economic difficulties must be used as an opportunity to promote the objectives of the Lisbon Strategy and reiterate a commitment to fight unemployment and climate change , as well as to create a European strategy that results in economic recovery that is sustainable in the long term .
As a result of the globalisation of capital , actions to combat and prevent new crises require the maximum possible international cooperation .
These policies are responsible for the worsening of living conditions , debt , increased unemployment , job insecurity and poverty .
I would like to applaud the agreements concluded at the G20 Summit , about which I am very pleased and which were universally seen as a step in the right direction .
These are current global issues , universally considered vital for the European growth process .
The EU has frontloaded EUR 8.8 billion of development aid , budget support and agricultural financing for immediate action , and proposes contributing EUR 500 million to support social spending in developing countries through the FLEX mechanism for ACP countries .
It has affected Europe and , more severely , developing countries , whether through human costs that dragged millions of people into extreme poverty , or through the weakening of their already feeble economies .
The EU and the Member States , as significant donors , must keep this fact in mind and consider increasing aid to these countries .
Nevertheless , I am disappointed with the proposals put forward by the European Commission .
There are also data protection problems .
However , it would also be possible to apply the codecision procedure for the draft regulation .
I would like to conclude by thanking the shadow rapporteurs for supporting this position for the European Parliament and I invite Vice-President Barrot , who has always shown respect for this Parliament , to resubmit these proposals , introducing not only improvements in terms of the content , but also establishing a proper role for the European Parliament as regards the procedure itself .
The European Commission and all the others that defended the Treaty of Lisbon , extolling its democratic virtues , are now facing the test of whether they can make good their promises and allow