Mr President , I have listened carefully to the Commissioner .
I should like to point out that the report was approved by the Committee on Agriculture by 28 votes to 6 .
It called for a 35 % coupled payment and a 65 % decoupled one .
We have therefore agreed that the funding earmarked for the cotton-growing Member States will be maintained in full .
The ratio between coupled and decoupled aid remains at 35-65 % .
On the contrary , it is a way of safeguarding the current overall aid to the sector .
Indeed , we believe the proposed increase in aid will be a strong incentive to retain the crop .
Firstly , its aims are ambitious : for instance , aid will be provided for research into new varieties requiring less water and lower pesticide use , thus greatly benefiting the environment .
Allow me in conclusion to mention the excellent cooperation and support I enjoyed from all my fellow Members in drafting the report , which enabled us to introduce new ideas and recommendations .
Mr President , the EU has a 70 % deficit in cotton .
Since the last CAP reform , the consequences of this decline have been felt more acutely , owing to the introduction of partial decoupling from the volume of production at 65 % .
The increase in production costs should have been matched by an increase in aid , which instead has been reduced .
Nobody else can count on finding a definite solution to their problems .
If cotton production continues to decline at all levels , the EU is going to be deficient in everything .
All the proposals put forward should make for considerable achievements .
Thus in the case of Greece we have moved from 370 000 hectares at a subsidy of EUR 594 per hectare , to 270 000 hectares at EUR 750 ; but if we cultivate more than 270 000 hectares , opting for 370 000 hectares , which we are perfectly entitled to do , no one will come and tell us , as they used to , that there is an upper ceiling or a penalty .
Please see this for yourself in the report .
My thanks also go to my colleagues from the Committee on Culture and Education and to the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs , the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs , the Committee on the Internal Market and Consumer Protection , the Committee on Legal Affairs , the Committee on Civil Liberties , Justice and Home Affairs , the Committee on Regional Development and the Committee on Women 's Rights and Gender Equality .
Doping is once again the focus of attention because there are unfortunate examples of it every year in almost every sport .
The first is sports betting .
We in the Committee on Culture all agree that the possible deregulation of the gaming and lotteries market will be problematic for the funding of amateur sport so long as the existing system of state betting agencies provides it with considerable income .
The second issue is the sale of media rights .
Similarly , rights to sports events are a vital source of programme content and income for many media owners .
We therefore call on the Commission to recognise collective sales and accept that such practical solidarity among small sports clubs is sanctioned by law .
We must , of course , accept the principle of self-regulation and the structures of the European model of sport governing the organisation of sports events .
Mr President , let me once again thank all the Members who have spoken here today and all those who have submitted amendments to the report on the White Paper on Sport .
Of course , it also shows the significance of the text that is to be incorporated into the Reform Treaty .
Greater support for cotton growers is necessary without further cuts in production .
Using the transparency rules as a pretext , the report tries to whitewash the direct intervention of monopolies .
The European Parliament and its Members are not independent .
The EU is trying to convert sport wholly into a commodity so that it brings even greater profitability to sports business groups and multinationals .
Young people and the public as a whole are being treated as spectators and customers of sports entertainment organised by the commercially oriented federations .
The values of collectivity and solidarity must be promoted to oppose the corrupt model of sport produced by the capitalist system , which subordinates everything to profit .
Similar disasters have been experienced in previous years by other Mediterranean EU countries such as Spain , Italy and Portugal .
Forest arson endangers human lives and the natural wealth of a region .
The directive does not take into account the final outcome of the relevant legislative process , which will owe more to differences in legal technicalities than to substantive issues .
Madam President , I am glad we have the Commissioner here today , for I believe she is a very fair-minded person .
Let us produce it in Europe .
We gladly accept this .
We therefore request that this should be revoked , and that the status quo should obtain until 2013 .
Knowing that you are a fair-minded person , Commissioner , I believe we can count on your support for our proposal .
The results of this policy are well known : despite the campaigns , smoking is on the increase , whereas production in the EU is in sharp decline .
Whole areas are being abandoned because no alternative crops are grown there .
As the Berlato report contains positive elements supporting all of this , we , the MEPs of the Communist Party of Greece (KKE) , will approve it .
We must prevent tobacco growing from being abandoned and stop the exodus of the rural