I am , in fact , sure that we will succeed in shifting the positions of the Commission and the Council in the direction of liberalism and fairness .     Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , two worlds are at this present moment calling on the European institutions to be able to outline a more open and more flexible strategy on such an important issue for the development not only of the economy , but also of society .
Today we have the opportunity – and I hope that Parliament does not waste it – to genuinely be in tune with these demands made of us by young people and with the numerous movements that have expressed themselves , and I believe that Parliament must not let them down .
The European Union is not , and cannot be , just an economic free trade zone .
It is above all , and has been since its beginnings , a political structure , a land of rights , a constitutional reality that does not contradict our beloved national Constitutions , but connects them and completes them .
Precisely because we are already a political and constitutional body , we can indeed realistically assess the meaning of the rejection seen in two countries linked from the start to the European project .
That is why we now have to think about the Union’s policies for the future , without , however , abandoning the constitutional design outlined by the industrious Convention .
Europe consequently calls for the historical objective of convergence and cohesion to be achieved by means of appropriate policies for managing the economy .
We have been successful on many occasions , including in recent years , for instance in CERN and the European Space Agency , with the ITER and Galileo projects , which have been a decisive step forward in strengthening Europe’s technological capabilities , and with the Erasmus project , which has opened up new European horizons to over a million young people .
It will continue to be difficult to see the positive effects of the euro if there is no coordinated management of either national budgets or the direction taken by the Member States’ economic policies .
The international vision of the European Union , based on the primacy of the law , on trust and on the multilateral system , raises expectations and hopes throughout the world .
Although geography does not enable Europe’s borders to be identified with certainty , the common area of principles , values and rules conveyed by the European Union is today fully identifiable .
Now , the most representative of the European institutions has the historical responsibility not to squander the founding heritage and to ensure that the period of reflection on the Constitution does not fall by the wayside .
It is a commitment that I am pleased to reaffirm before you now .
From the outset , I greatly welcomed – and I should like to repeat it publicly in this House – the special attention of Commissioner Danuta Hübner , who , on the numerous occasions on which we met and even as recently as yesterday evening , always demonstrated a great willingness and openness to take account of Parliament’s requests .
I have asked the Commission to draw up a list of indicative priorities in the programming period , with a view to increasing the quality and effectiveness of Community funding .
A very large majority in committee approved my report and I hope that the same thing can happen in this Chamber .     .
Right now , a third of all of Europe’s resources belong to a geographical area covering only a tenth of the European Union , and we have recorded a doubling in the number of regions eligible to come under Objective 1 , that is , regions with a high level of structural imbalances and economic difficulties .
There are regions – including in my country – that have received considerable resources but where there remain the unwavering signs of hardship that they experienced 10 , 15 or 20 years ago with regard to employment levels , the quality and interlinking of infrastructures , scientific research and the processes of innovation .
We approved an amendment , which we hope will be adopted by the Commission , relating to the construction of social housing .
However , to consider that Structural Funds could be generally invested in the construction of housing would mean fundamentally withdrawing resources from such funds .
That is why I believe that this Parliament has to ensure that resources are not withdrawn from solidarity , or rather from the ability to create a Europe that all moves at the same speed .
Article 160 of the Treaty establishing the European Community stipulates that the European Regional Development Fund contributes to correcting the main regional imbalances existing within the Community , by participating in the development and the structural improvement of regions lagging behind in development , as well as in the restructuring of industrial regions in decline .
I should like to thank in particular Mr Fava and Mr Andria for the work they carried out .
I welcome the fact that the rapporteur chose to pay the utmost attention to the requests put forward by my group , the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe .
Statistical criteria alone are not enough to demonstrate the real economic situation of the various European regions lagging behind in development and they are insufficient for providing tangible answers in terms of solidarity to those regions that have still to overcome the hardships due to structural difficulties or to objective situations such as insularity or peripherality .
To conclude , I reaffirm the need to overcome the limits of the obsolete model , which focuses primarily on the land , seeking to obtain full acknowledgement of the special nature of maritime cross-border problems .     .
I believe that the general rule does not always allow an appropriate balance to be achieved in these particular issues , for which special provisions are needed .
I referred to product liability , which provides