States to duly promote the SOLVIT network amongst the public and firms , bearing in mind its capabilities and the added value which it represents .
The services provided by SOLVIT must be made known to members of the public and businesses in an effective way .
Regulation (EC ) 998/2003 , which the Commission proposes to amend , establishes harmonised norms on the non-commercial movement of pets inside the European Union , as well as their entry into it .
We all agree that it must be possible to travel with pets , but we also all agree that this must be done in accordance with the set public health criteria in order to ensure a greater level of protection for human and animal health .
Any person who is in possession of a document which proves that he legally resides in a Member State should be able to move freely within an area where there are no internal borders .
For this same reason , the crucial aim upon which the agreement is based is to allow the free movement of individuals within an area where there are no internal borders .
The new rules proposed mean that a long-stay visa will have the same effect as a residence permit in terms of free movement within the Schengen area , without internal borders , or that a person who holds a long-stay visa issued by a Member State will be authorised to travel to other Member States for three months within a period of six months , and under the same conditions as the holder of a residence permit .
The previous legislation , which did not allow a citizen of a third country with a long-stay visa granted by a Member State to travel to other Member States , did not meet the mobility needs of the majority of those citizens .
In accordance with the document , the principle of equivalence between residence permits and short-stay visas will now be applied to long-stay visas .
Strong competitiveness is also important within the telecommunications sector with measures to promote competitiveness through preferential tariffs .
Thus , action from the Committee to guarantee an effective competitive environment at the heart of the internal market are vital if we are to ensure the achievement of those objectives , although it may call into question the absolute powers conferred upon that institution .
The level of public debt , which is rapidly on the rise , will be a burden for future generations and an obstacle to economic recovery and growth .
Policies and effective rules relating to competition have always been crucial for the healthy coexistence of all economic operators in the euro area .
Through the assessment and publication of developments regarding implementation , the Evaluation Panel has contributed to a reduction in the level of non-implementation of directives by the Member States .
It was the Member States who set the implementation periods for these directives .
The internal market cannot function properly if the Community rules relating to its operation are not properly transposed and implemented and compliance with them is not verified .
It appears that the number of cases of infringement is still too high ; some Member States have a number of cases well above the EU average of 47 .
For these reasons , persisting with such a policy is arguing for a continued worsening of the socio-economic situation for millions of people .
A healthy internal market is crucial if there is to be sound competition and the economic development that comes with it .
I therefore declare that I voted in favour of all the points on which voting took place in the present session .
As a matter of fact , I am going to have another such meeting tomorrow morning .
At present in India , there are about 500 million people ( roughly the population of the EU) without access to electricity .
Secondly , this scheme is also an instrument for improving the human rights situation and good governance in those same countries , given that its granting is subject to conditions which must be fulfilled by the beneficiary countries .
Thirdly , and finally , improving mechanisms for monitoring compliance with the conditions related to the generalised preferences scheme , especially with respect to the observance of human rights .
It is necessary for the US to put an end to the development of new generations of tactical nuclear weapons and , moving in quite the opposite direction , to sign and ratify the Comprehensive Nuclear Test Ban Treaty .
Care will have to be taken to ensure that there are no negative consequences of the way these rules are transposed in relation to the ongoing efforts to combat fraud and tax evasion and also the fight against economic and financial crime ( whether at national , European or international level ) .
That decision , in fact , falls to each Member State to adopt , as it could have direct implications relating to the combating of fraud and tax evasion and the fight against economic and financial crime , as well as for the protection of shareholders and creditors .
Let us hope that the rules proposed in this report will lead to higher turnover and greater competitiveness for micro-enterprises .
I voted in favour of this resolution because it promotes the strengthening of economic coordination between the European countries , greater coherence between the Stability and Growth Pact and other European strategies , the implementation of an ambitious social agenda in the fight against unemployment , greater flexibility regarding retirement age and the promotion of SMEs .
It is a proposal which agrees on five quantifiable objectives for the European Union ( EU) through to 2020 , which will provide a framework for the process and which must be translated into national objectives : employment , research and innovation , climate change and energy , education and the fight against poverty