It is , therefore , for the Commission to find the common denominator as soon as possible .
They could perhaps fulfil the very same function considerably cheaper .
Of course the Member States must exercise more control , but there is also a need for control at the European level .
This raises the question as to the purpose of Community solidarity .
I should like to propose , therefore , that we quickly get to work on setting up a food safety bureau , and that more money is devoted to this .
I should like to support MEP Thyssen 's call for the Commission to be more generous in that respect and to enter into discussion with the Parliament on how matters of this kind should be dealt with in future .
Mrs Neyts-Uyttebroeck is no longer an MEP.
But I think it is a bit of a shame that in this high temple of communication , it appears to have been easier for the report to find its way into the newspapers , even in a far and distant land such as Belgium , than onto the desks of the MEPs .
I would urge you as the Bureau , to discuss with the President of the Commission , Mr Prodi , that when certain items appear on our agenda , the Commissioners who attend are those who actually have competence for the area concerned .
Football should be a celebration , and international fixtures such as World Cups or European Championships really ought to belong to the people again .
Madam President , we have a marvellous television in our room and it works too , so I have no complaints whatsoever on that score .
It does not focus so much on individuals , but rather on issues , which I feel is right and proper .
No product is mentioned , the name of the company is not mentioned , but I am very familiar with the whole saga .
Too many different contracts are concluded with various forms of financial assistance from the Commission .
The proposals for an internal audit service also sound attractive , particularly as they are based on a recommendation from an institute for internal auditors .
Recommendations 85 , 86 and 87 are of particular interest .
It undoubtedly exercises the mind in an extremely useful way , coming as it does in the wake of the first report produced last March .
Certainly as far as Commissioner-designate Kinnock was concerned , who will probably be responsible for reforming the Commission , it has provided us with facts which could really have added to the discussion .
Be that as it may , the crunch question now is what does Prodi' s Commission intend to do with this document ?
Come what may , there must be some follow-up to this document in the European Parliament .
Would Mr Kinnock , working together with the whole Commission as a College , undertake to bring this disciplinary procedure to a satisfactory conclusion as soon as possible after his appointment , so that Mr Van Buitenen can at last return to work in the right and proper manner and have his reputation restored ?
If there were less of an ivory tower mentality in the hemicycles and more interaction with ordinary citizens ; if more time was spent amongst them ; if there were not so many debates between experts and institutional specialists and institutional debates were to take place rather as a result of tackling actual problems , then Europe would draw much closer to its citizens .
It is not just the Commission and the institutions that are deserving of criticism , for we too have a difficult task ahead of us .
If that path is chosen , then that will mean creating a different kind of culture .
I am in favour of having a European-wide national day of monitoring for fund end-results .
Listening to Mr Kinnock , I also hope that we can trust him to push his proposals for reform this far and that he will do all that is necessary and not just work through a wish list like the one we have here .
Finally , a few words about Paul Van Buitenen .
There is no point in going into detail right now , but I would like to mention two .
I think that it is crystal clear to anyone who has read through 300 pages , or even 100 pages , that the European Commission needs to be reformed if not just the Commission , but also the European Union , wish to retain their credibility .
I completely agree with Mrs Theato that this can only be done if all the papers held by the Commission are also passed through to the Committee on Budgetary Control .
The report demonstrates again the importance of control before the event .
This must be improved with all speed , as must cooperation with the national control organisations .
It is about monitoring pollution of the maritime environment .
With all due respect , I do not believe that Mr Marín is responsible for this area .
But at the end of the day the European Union must work towards setting up an independent environment inspectorate .
For this to be a success the Member States must implement the directives , regulations and recommendations in the right and proper manner .
Equally , the Member States themselves bear full responsibility for implementing European environmental legislation .
But all in all , our wish for you is that you will be the strong Commission we need , although it is possible that not all members of our group will vote for you .
I found your speech to be rather heavily eurocentric .
We have major objections to the political vision being broadcast by this nominated