I also welcome the commitments made under Article 32 of the Fourth Lomé Convention on the democratic legitimacy of this body and , finally , I hope the Joint Assembly will enjoy the greatest possible independence , in terms of separate responsibility for organizing its business , particularly with regard to deciding where to hold its sessions and organizing fact-finding missions and contacts , within the limits of the available budgetary funds .
Whatever the fate of relations between the ACP States and the European Union , which we are discussing on the basis of the famous Green Paper that has been much mentioned in this debate , the experience of the ACP Joint Assembly should , in my opinion , be treasured as one to be repeated .
Various issues are involved here , but I shall discuss just four of them , the first being the need for coordination .
A third aspect is that of fund-raising .
In this respect , I should like to point out , in particular , that the document stresses the importance of country-specific impact analyses being conducted before relief actions are initiated .
However , one cannot be blind to the fact that , although they are supposed to be neutral , humanitarian actions sometimes have political consequences .
This corps would be made up of military and civilian units specially trained for this kind of situation ; troops , doctors , people capable of setting up and running refugee camps ; a military corps , in other words , which would not be an agglomeration of national units but would be made up of European troops under a European flag .
What I feel we ought to be doing instead is to make the European public more aware and convince people that the only way to promote international stability and growth in the poorer countries of the world is through development-cooperation policy and extensive funding for that policy , which implies , in particular , dealing with the lack of economic and political democracy that is a feature of relations between the northern and southern hemispheres .
If we are to achieve all this , there needs to be a political will that should be restated by this Parliament , and I believe that adoption of the Fassa report - which I hope to see and towards which I shall contribute with my vote - would be a small step in that direction .
We are also convinced of the need for a permanent international tribunal to put a halt to crime and punish the guilty ; of the need for stricter controls on exports of armaments ; and of the absolute urgency of launching a genuine policy to prevent natural disasters and resolve armed conflicts .
We need to do this to avoid having to chase up , after the event , rather as we are doing with this report , the mistakes that have resulted from misinterpretation or arbitrary interpretation .
I think that this inability of the European Union to function properly at an internal bureaucratic and administrative level is then reflected in administrative and managerial chaos at an external level , in relation to Europe 's citizens .
Mr President , I should like to congratulate Mrs Van Lancker on her excellent work .
A single institution will be inadequate : cooperation will be needed between different institutions , schools , training centres , associations and families .
My second point concerns women .
The human species must be protected against the risk of damage to principle of equality - cloning could put those with political or economic power in a position to manipulate the human species to discriminate against individuals .
I would be delighted if we said 'no ' unanimously .
Here we must stress the link with the development of genetic engineering and the links with the patenting of transgenic animals .
How many more incidents have to happen ?
A tragedy , but sadly nothing new : the whole of the 'eighties and these early years of the 'nineties have been littered with such tragedies .
So Europe is suffering from social dumping from the outside and the consequences of its deflationary policy on the inside .
There is no industrial policy , there is no policy to reduce working hours , there is no policy of public control over the multinationals .
It is our duty to confront and overcome the problems of today 's motor car so that we have increasingly suitable vehicles tomorrow .
I repeat : we were in favour of urgency because it could have solved an longstanding problem ; we could have given the signal Italian fishermen are awaiting from this Parliament .
The right to free movement and security must come under democratic control and hence the vigilance of the national parliaments , so that national legislation is adapted to the Schengen agreements in full respect of international conventions on asylum , protection of individual privacy and human rights .
Our list of criticisms of Schengen is very long .
On the internal front and in terms of economic initiative , I want to emphasize some of the recommendations our rapporteurs have made : the contribution to harmonizing the maritime policies of the Member States , the investment in port infrastructure and safe traffic control systems within the framework of the trans-European networks , and the contribution to training seafarers .
The two principal risks are exclusion and homologation .
There are two possible responses on these issues ; upgrading education generally , which is the indispensable basis for acquiring new technological skills and developing student and worker mobility , but above all the implementation of a system which permits any individual to gain access to general education and develop approaches to work by adapting training methods to changes in day-to-day reality , due precisely