Consider the facts .
The Commission 's recent report has already said the growth of the aviation sector is unsustainable and must be reversed and that growth is forecast to double in the next 15 years .
That causes major congestion problems but it also causes major environmental problems as well - not only the noise and pollution for people living around the airports but also the impact on global climate .
Air transport is already the world 's fastest growing source of greenhouse gas emissions and could account for up to 15 % by the year 2050 .
Unfortunately this report fails to make the vital link between congestion and air traffic reduction and therefore misses a vital opportunity to address these problems in a lasting manner .
Mr President , I thank Mr Atkins for his report and also for his willingness to cooperate and work with not only my group but other groups in coming up with this document .
There is no doubt that air traffic control delays are a problem .
A visit to any of the major airports at this time of year will make that obvious .
I hear that the average delay is said to be 20 minutes .
All I can say from my experience is that somebody must be picking on Manchester very badly because I have not yet flown with Sabena from Brussels to Manchester when we have ever got anywhere near a 20-minute delay .
I can safely say that the timetable now is just a mere guide , not a definitive object , when planning travel .
It is a clear problem that we need to address .
The report must consider all the issues involving air traffic and adopt a twofold approach as proposed by the Commission .
But not all delays are due to air traffic controls .
It is the greatest cop-out in the world for airlines to say to passengers that the delay is caused by air traffic .
There is never anybody from the air traffic controllers in the airport to turn around and say that is not true .
Frankly , a lot of the delays are caused by the inefficiencies of some of the airlines themselves .
Passengers go missing .
It never ceases to amaze me the number of passengers that go missing in airports !
What do these people get up to , I ask myself ?
Invariably they cause delays as much as air traffic .
The issue of Eurocontrol is important .
We support the compromise that is made in point 8 with regard to Eurocontrol .
We also support the need for the military to give up some of their air space .
Finally , there are some TDI amendments with this .
I am particularly interested in Amendment No 24 .
I can only assume that the TDI group must ...
( The President cut the speaker off )
Mr President , I really must congratulate my colleague , Sir Robert Atkins of the British Conservative Party , on his most excellent report on the Single European Sky .
This proves beyond doubt that the overarching ambition of the European Union is a single nation with its single national flag , its single national anthem , its single legal space , its single national borders and now the citizens of Europe will soon be able to breath single European air .
However , after the failure of the single land policy , known as the CAP , the single sea policy , known as the CFP , we can now look forward to a similar failure of the single sky policy .
Not least , given the number of strikes in air traffic control , I suppose we can now look forward to the single European strike .
But you have struck a real blow for the Eurosceptic movement in the UK, Sir Robert , I congratulate you .
Mr President , It is quite true to say that air traffic delays need to be urgently addressed .
However , it is also worth noting that 33 % of ATM delays recorded between January and June 1999 were mostly due to temporary capacity reductions associated not least with the Kosovo crisis .
The real problem lies in the sectors straddling areas north and south which include Switzerland , France , Italy , Spain , parts of Germany , Maastricht upper-air space and these are responsible for 44 % air traffic flow management delays and 30 bottlenecks .
At one time , Greece was part of that problem .
However , the impressive results by the Greeks goes to show that the improvements can be made if there is strong action and real cooperation by national governments .
All too often Eurocontrol is used as the scapegoat and is blamed for the present situation , but the real blame must lie with the inaction of national governments in the areas that I have outlined .
It is quite clear that the European Transport Council must take immediate action to ensure that the air traffic control decisions are applied by all Member States Europe-wide .
It should be remembered that Eurocontrol is the only pan-European institution in the air traffic management domain and must be supported .
Finally , one issue that was raised - the critical shortage of manpower to the tune of 1,000 air traffic controllers throughout Europe - needs to be urgently addressed by national governments .
That in itself will go a long way to improving flow control .
In addition , both airports and airlines need to look closely at their practices , as they too are responsible far too often for the high percentage of delays incurred .
Mr President , the Commission report , which I have read in great detail , says : " In general terms Directive 92/8 5/EEC has been well implemented by the Member