of the world with the kind of nationalism and protectionism practised in some of its Member States .
The UN’s Millennium Development Goals include reducing by two thirds the mortality rate among children under five , reducing by three quarters the maternal mortality rate , halting and beginning to reverse the spread of AIDS and halting and beginning to reverse the incidence of malaria and other major diseases .
In some countries there have been serious backward steps , as is the case in Portugal at the moment , and this is exacerbating poverty and social exclusion .
We have also proposed funding for the removal of poultry while the market is inactive , in order to offset the costs of refrigeration .
The Women’s Forum established a bridge between countries of origin and destination .
There have , however , been important developments in the fight against impunity in Africa ; for example , the dictator Charles Taylor has been arrested and brought to justice .
The EU , and its Member States , contributes over half of public aid to development , overall .
The EU should not hold back from using this tool .
In other words , when we speak of corruption , we also speak of war and peace , and as such the problem is not confined to developing countries , given that our own EU and western governments more often than not have a part to play in this .
The partial implementation by Member States , including my country , of the 2003 European Council common position on arms brokering means that there remain legal loopholes in this area in Europe .
I also support it on the grounds of reciprocity , given that since 2000 there has been similar exemption by these countries for holders of residence permits issued by EU Member States .     .
The agreement reached in the Conciliation Committee is highly satisfactory and offers major improvements as regards gas emissions into the atmosphere .
Restricting the use of HFC-134a and other gases with high greenhouse effect in new vehicles launched onto the market since 2011 and the extension to cover all vehicles as from 2017 are measures that will bring about a significant reduction in emissions .
The conflict has worsened and is spreading to neighbouring Chad .
Furthermore , there will only be a lasting solution to the conflict if there is an end to impunity for the perpetrators of the crimes of Darfur .
A single Members ’ statute , with an appropriate privileges and immunity regime , is an essential prerequisite for an increasingly well-integrated political Union , whose system of large-scale representation is based on principles of democracy .
The possibility of holding an intergovernmental conference , now or at some point in the future , could be discussed .
No less worthy of commendation for his efforts is our rapporteur Mr Ferber .
In an imperfect market , however , such as that of innovation , this does not happen naturally and needs to be driven .
Companies and institutions from the outermost regions should not be barred access to the Europe of knowledge and innovation .
Clarity is crucial , not only to allow the Commission to assess the conformity of those procedures , but more importantly in order that the criteria and the impact of State aid can be made clear to businesses , to the citizens and especially to SMEs .
Innovation will only make sense if it also includes non-technological aspects , both in industry and services .
This issue ought to be pushed higher up the agenda in the Union’s international trade negotiations .
The second of these two closing themes concerns the need to combine State aid for innovation with cohesion policy more consistently , in order to ensure that we are not in fact building a two-tier Europe as regards the Lisbon Strategy .
Accordingly , this is an objective that should unite the whole Union and all Member States , starting with my own country , which needs to act more quickly to assume its responsibilities .
Consequently , this initiative is very much in the interest of the EU and the Member States .     – Madam President , Commissioner , there are a number of initiatives on safe , intelligent transport , which will contribute towards meeting the European objective of reducing by half the number of lives lost on EU roads by 2010 .
If accident locations can be found quickly , the arrival times of rescue teams , police and towing firms can be drastically reduced .
It is therefore essential that the Member States that have yet to act upon the Memorandum of Understanding on implementing eCall do so without delay .
The Commission explains that the Indicator will be obtained by written exams , ‘for practical reasons’ .
If the tests are applied to the world of languages , the conclusions might be surprising .
With populist policies and public opinion divided over immigration policy , such a measure could legitimise discriminatory policies of selecting immigrants , to the detriment of the poorest countries in the Union .     .
The only exceptional thing about Iran at present is the fact that it is posing a challenge and a threat to the international Community .
Parliament has shown its commitment to recognising cultural diversity within the field of international law , by adopting a Convention within UNESCO on Cultural Diversity on 20 October 2005 in Paris .
It reaffirms the important role of public service broadcasting for cultural diversity and media pluralism .
The purpose of this report is to update , recast and consolidate the rules on animal health in relation to the trade in aquaculture products , including the prevention and control of certain diseases , and in turn to increase the competitiveness of European aquaculture producers .
Hence our vote against .     .
