Only three countries - Denmark , Sweden and Finland - have done what was agreed at Lisbon .
The three biggest economies in the euro area , however , have not done enough up till now .
What in your opinion , after all , does a press report tell you which says that at present a hundred Germans lose their jobs every hour ?
At the moment we do not need new targets or new complicated rules .
If Member States are to be allowed to deviate from the objective of balancing public finances under the Stability and Growth Pact , this will give out quite the wrong signal .
In practice this would lead to rules that are open to interpretation , and would weaken our credibility and our ultimate objectives in coordinating economic policy even further .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , to start with , I wish to thank all the parties concerned for their excellent levels of cooperation in achieving what is a constructive solution .
I think with the work he has done with regard to this directive Othmar has shown he has the important qualities needed by someone who is influential in society .
We must work for a longer period of time but at the same time the pension we receive from statutory occupational retirement schemes will be smaller than before .
Although the Member States have the main responsibility for retirement provision we at Union level can implement measures to help promote retirement schemes by creating a sustainable basis for financing them .
This directive on the activities of institutions for occupational retirement provision will create a legislative framework for Europe-wide action and will be one of the measures needed to defuse the pensions bomb .
This will be especially true on the day we make headway with decisions on taxation .
The EU citizen has long been able to benefit from local social and health services in another Member State .
The directive now leaves the social partners in the Member States with a free hand to choose how to organise comprehensive voluntary retirement provision .
The most important thing was that we avoided possibly having to resort to the conciliation procedure .
That is also the case with the Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein .
For us Europeans , who work on the assumption that there should be compliance with international agreements and a policy of cooperation , it has been a difficult experience to find that only military pressure has persuaded Saddam Hussein to allow the work of the weapons inspectors to be carried out .
They concern such matters as unmanned fighter aircraft and the fate of scud missiles and the anthrax solutions .
Halonen also said that Finland supports the continuation of the work of the weapons inspectors as long as it is meaningful and useful .
The Security Council must consider how much time it has got left on the basis of the weapons inspectors ' report .
The aim should obviously be for Iraq to be disarmed without the use of force .
The weapons inspectors must be given enough time to do their work , but that must not mean that Saddam Hussein can play endless games with the international community .
The role of the UN and its Security Council must come first in resolving the Iraq crisis .
Mr President , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , thank you for your answer .
When it is a matter of the icy conditions to be found in the north still more is needed , and this has been made very apparent this year because it has been a very cold winter and there has been thick ice in the Baltic Sea and particularly in the Gulf of Finland , which is very vulnerable .
In other words , what is adequate in such a situation would be determined by the Member State whose port the vessel is entering .
Mr President , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , I heartily support the Council 's attempts to promote the safety of sea transport in the International Maritime Organisation .
My question , however , actually concerns whether it would be possible to raise this issue of fuel shipments , particularly in the Baltic , at the next EU-Russia summit .
It is vital that such matters be given the highest possible profile and , in my opinion , this is such an important question that it should be taken up at the highest political level with the Russian leadership .
Is any significance to be attached to this strategic proposal by the Commission given that we are discussing the possible decision at the Thessaloniki Summit to open negotiations with the new candidate countries ?
For that reason I myself wish to focus on those principles that I think should be incorporated into EU legislation on consumer protection .
The main principle , one which has been raised here very often , is that levels of consumer protection must be as high as possible .
I do not agree with harmonisation , however , if it means even one Member State having to forsake higher levels of consumer protection .
Account here must also be taken of the notion that not one Member State , neither a current nor a future one , should downgrade its standards of consumer protection .
Future legislation must also be sufficiently clear and must take the principles of subsidiarity , necessity and proportionality into consideration .
Mr President , every spring I have been critical of the fact that we are moving further and further away from the Lisbon objectives , rather than getting closer to them .
The main focus of my criticism must be the nation states : the keys to Europe 's development are in their hands .
Mr President , the Group