however one approaches these needs there is only a very approximate matching of budget estimates and actual requirements .
The first involves cutting expenditure , and the second sacrificing traditional priorities in favour of new priorities .
We have clearly understood that there must be reductions on condition that they are at least justified , but in this case they are not , I must insist .
The PDB obviously did not take some items of expenditure into account , but it was very clear .
We have heard the words , we are now waiting for the deeds .
This is a demand which Parliament is making and I would like to see it taken fully into account by the Commission and by the Council .
When drawing up the budget for 1999 , we managed to create the European Fund for Refugees .
We cannot set the poor of one country against the poor of another country or distinguish between good victims and bad victims , and I am very sorry that the Council to some extent presented the problem in these terms , by setting different cases of poverty against each other .
Mr Bourlanges proposed instead to increase them , and I thank him for this .
This argument is inadmissible , in my opinion .
On the subject of foreign policy , we are of course in favour of the fisheries agreement with Morocco , an essential agreement in European-Mediterranean relations , which are too often neglected by the Union .
Parliament will therefore do well , on Thursday , to ask you to go beyond these Financial Perspective .
Do we wish to finance reconstruction in Kosovo ?
As regards political parties , may I say that , frankly , asking the Commission to lay down the status of political parties - I am referring to the contribution of the last speaker - is neither fair nor worthy .
But you simply cannot put money on the line without having an idea of who is going to qualify for this money , what purposes the money is going to be used for , and so on .
We should do all in our power to resolve this .
Mr President , the draft budget for the year 2000 , EUR 92 billion , a margin of flexibility for our Parliament of EUR 1.5 billion taking into consideration the Financial Perspective , the across-the-board reductions in all appropriations , or at least in appropriations for agriculture , the lack of ambition , and the usual thin spreading of resources and budgetary gimmickry ; in other words , it is a draft budget with no great innovations .
So Mr Bourlanges proposes to be voluntarist , he wishes to increase Community expenditure by 7 % , he is an ultraliberal who has forgotten the budget rationing pact which he wanted to inflict on others , and he is doling out money because Christmas is coming , 135 million for Turkey , 500 million for Kosovo .
I am in favour of aid for Kosovo .
It is therefore possible to continue to promote quality products without requiring additional expenditure , and I therefore ask the Commission not to stop promoting quality products , for these products are the external face of difficult regions , local products and the earnings of family farms in Europe .
Like everyone , I believe , on the Committee on Budgets , I attach particular importance to seeing these commitments being made in writing further to the highly interesting letter which Mrs Schreyer sent us and to which our chairman , Mr Wynn , responded requesting , I believe , further details .
Only the most complete transparency of the relationship between the objectives set by the Treaty and the actions of the members of the Council will make it possible for Europeans to actually measure whether the members of the Council are fulfilling their mission properly , not that we doubt it .
Confronted , then , with the omnipotence of this Bank , the excellent report by our fellow Member , Mr Huhne , calls for greater transparency , without however daring to go as far as demanding of you what might pass for exhibitionism , that is to say , ceasing to maintain anonymity regarding decisions .
While emphasising the need to continue the policy of stability , I would like to ask President Duisenberg the following question : can Europe ' s only ambition be to pursue a macroeconomic policy focused on stability alone ?
( The President cut the speaker off )
Very well .
I hope that in all the countries of the European Union these reactions will unite the victims of the policy of employers .
This omission is the potential source of future irregularities as regards our individual and collective freedoms .
Next , and this will be no surprise to you , in this Parliament we attach great importance to the democratic nature of procedures .
And , in view of the daily round of humiliations inflicted on immigrants , it is only fair to grant them the right to vote .
The Commission is now indeed counting on the critical and vigilant support of the European Parliament in order to prepare the "scoreboard " .
In so doing , I am certain that we are fulfilling our role in the precise spirit of the first clause of Article 48 of the Treaty on European Union .
We do not think so .
It is not unnecessary to hope that it may be possible , by the end of the year 2000 , in the new Treaty , to draw the conclusions affecting the institutions of the decisions which may be taken in the meantime , in the spirit of Cologne , for the security and the defence of the continent of Europe .
Firstly , its method .
