In my opinion , we should not compete outright in a number of policy areas but rather arrive at cooperation .
In that sense it is surely a link in the further expansion of the European Union .
The amendments by the rapporteur render the proposal more explicit in three areas and therefore contribute to clarity and increased legal security .
UMTS offers many multimedia adaptations and applications and , in fact , spells the end of the traditional telephone .
I would be grateful if the Commissioner could tell me when we can expect the result of the investigation , because I consider it important that the results are available before Member States decide on their selection of an allocation mechanism .
I would be grateful if the Commissioner could throw light on the following three points .
Just look at all the questions we ask in the present joint resolution .
The containers in which the nuclear waste is shipped have been shown to have excessively high levels of radiation and contamination .
Mr President of the Council , I welcome you on behalf of our group at your first appearance and I thank you for the work you have done during your presidency .
How can we distribute powers in this new Europe while reconciling democracy , accountability and efficiency ?
We believe your presidency was too modest in respect of the Kosovo crisis , the tension between India and Pakistan and when restoring the failed troika in Algeria .
Often reproaches are unjustified .
We should instead convince our fellow citizens that they owe much in their daily lives to the European policy concerning the protection of the environment , the strengthening of internal security , and the cooperation between the police and the legal system .
Mr President of the European Council , I consider it harmful to discuss internal differences of opinion here in the European Parliament .
This is important , for the European Union needs the United Kingdom as much as the United Kingdom needs the Union .
What is the main task of the European Commission ?
Is that not what is meant by a citizen 's Europe ? ( Applause ) We are against a European super state , President Chirac and Chancellor Kohl said .
Secondly , an integral review of all internal reimbursements by the European Parliament , so that only actual expenses are reimbursed , and the introduction of a uniform charter for Members .
Many of the promises went up in smoke in a blue skies discussion on the future , with fewer concrete results than hoped for .
I cannot rid myself of the impression that it is not so much Europe which should get closer to the people as we , the national governments , who should get closer to them .
To us this means an important result in the British Presidency .
Finally a comment on the British Presidency .
However , I was - and I am again - disappointed with the scant attention paid to the ethical aspects associated with the in vitro diagnostic technique .
Both countries are experiencing a decline in regional stability .
The international community must then make a serious effort to arrive at genuine nuclear disarmament .
And when one country in the Indian subcontinent successfully conducts nuclear tests and develops arms , then the other country is of course compelled to do the same , as there is no guarantee that they are protected from nuclear attacks by the other side .
Yet all border disputes can be resolved by mediation , with give and take on both sides .
Nevertheless , I will not vote in favour of the present resolution : I will abstain .
Moreover , the infamous Dutroux affair has taught us that these child murderers and child abusers are not merely released , they are in addition assured of social benefits .
The present release of fifteen East Timor political prisoners sends another positive signal .
We also see that politicians such as Mr Yorongar are arrested for defending the interests of these people .
Madam President , more than ten years ago I received daily press releases at my paper 's editorial office on the titanic battle between Hussein Habré and Mr Debry , with alternate support from Libya and sometimes France , as the minerals in the Auso zone were ready for exploitation .
What is their responsibility , if not conducting the correct dialogue at the right time ?
The death penalty may be imposed on the basis of a single accusation of having slandered Mohammed .
Such a religious law goes , of course , against our sense of justice and ideally we would prefer it to be revoked .
These accusations prove in practice useful for settling personal vendettas , similar to ancient times .
But the Muslims who demonstrated in favour of the law were left in peace , while the Christians who protested against the law strangely enough were manhandled by the riot police .
Madam President , each time initiatives such as this are on the agenda , we are reminded of the fact that it all started with a flight from responsibility by certain Member States at the time the issue of Yugoslavia was on the agenda .
It will make government leaders and ministers realize that such a Realpolitik motive does not lead them far and that they may be convicted if they continue on that track .
Madam President , the Union is prepared to make a considerable contribution , not only to the elections but also to democracy in Cambodia , as mentioned by Mr Habsburg .
The Union should be quite explicit .
It is a waste of a valuable source of nutrition and protein .
The attitude of the Council in respect of fishing for sprat shows scant determination .
The Kindermann report deserves a more serious consideration in the Council