over recent months .
In particular , in relation to the dialogue with Morocco , there has been progress in the work of the ' Social Affairs and migrations ' group , which held its second meeting on 12 March of this year in Rabat .
Furthermore , if during these months sufficient progress is made on the proposed Regulation known as Dublin II , we will submit it for discussion at the final Council of our Presidency .
So much so that it is no exaggeration to say , as the Council has pointed out , that proper management of immigration is Europe 's greatest challenge today .
Finally , Mr President , I believe it is time to leave behind demagoguery and irresponsible statements .
Two and a half years after that Council there has been little progress .
For us , all of this takes the form of concrete proposed directives the results of which we have not seen during these years following Tampere .
What does the Council think of their content given the way they have been presented by the Commission ?
And Morocco is a clear example , as demonstrated by what is happening on its borders with Spain .
There is absolutely no doubt that immigration has been and still is the most important phenomenon to affect the European Union and will remain so over the coming years .
That integration effort must be made by the public administrations of the countries of the Union and also their societies , but we must also demand that all those people who come from outside accept the basic rules of co-existence which we have in the countries of the European Union , which are our Constitutions , our principles and our values , because this affects all of us .
Obviously everyone can interpret this as they see fit , and by being subjective one can become extremely anti-objective , but , in any event , in case it is of any use to those who hold this view , I would suggest that they make a comparison with what has happened in the past : we should remember that the area of security , justice and freedom , was born in practice in Amsterdam , that it entered into force in 1999 and that a very important dimension of the Union , the economic dimension , has existed for many years , but that almost fifty years passed before we had the euro and even now many Member States , as is their legitimate right , still do not have it .
With regard to certain concrete issues raised - and this will form the fourth section of my speech - I would say the following : in relation to the directive on conditions for asylum seekers , it is true that a general approach was achieved in the Council on the same day that Parliament issued its opinion , but we are now going to work as Fifteen and we are going to take account of the suggestions made by this Parliament , as we always have .
Finally , with regard to certain comments that have been made on racism and xenophobia , I would like to say that at the last meeting of the Justice and Home Affairs Council in April , following a communication from various countries of the European Union and of the current Presidency , we have approved a declaration against racism and xenophobia .
The fundamental intention of this is to promote the consolidation of democracy , the Rule of Law and the market economy in Russia and to increase the stability of Europe , promoting global security and confronting the common challenges facing the European continent by means of intensified cooperation .
There were also contacts in Brussels on 23 April between President Prodi , accompanied naturally by the Commissioner responsible for External Relations , Mr Patten , and the Russian Prime Minister , Mr Kassianov , for the preparation of the summit .
I am going to expand on some of these points .
The declaration will have the same structure as the one relating to the Brussels Summit and will refer to foreign , security and defence policy , cooperation in terms of justice and home affairs , Kaliningrad , the common European economic area , trade and investments , energy dialogue , the environment and nuclear security , and scientific , technological and space cooperation .
With regard to cooperation on justice and home affairs , there has already been one result which the summit will acknowledge , which was the meeting of Justice and Home Affairs Ministers of the Russian Federation and the European Union , which took place on 25 April on the initiative of the Presidency of the Union .
This issue was dealt with at the meeting of Justice and Home Affairs Ministers between the Fifteen and Russia , which I mentioned previously , and the Russian Federation communicated a memorandum on this issue .
In December 2001 the first informal meeting took place .
In short , it does not appear that there will be any substantial progress between now and the summit .
For its part , the Union insists on the need to create the best possible conditions for foreign investment .
Furthermore , I would like to stress the importance of environmental aspects in the implementation of the northern dimension action plan .
We also hope that it will strengthen the already considerable dialogue between the Union and Russia and that opinions will be exchanged on issues of current international importance .
I wish to say that I agree with practically all the opinions that have been expressed here on all the aspects , both positive and negative , of our relationship with Russia .
Creating an area of prosperity and leaving , for example , a pocket of poverty in Kaliningrad has no place in the European Union 's scale of values .
