To conclude , tackling the current crisis requires both effective and coordinated fiscal stimulus and reform both of financial regulation and the international institutions .
Let us recall that this crisis originated from excesses and greed in the financial markets , especially on Wall Street .
In other words , our common challenge now is to save the European social market economy from the systemic errors of financial capitalism .
I have two or three comments , firstly on the European economic recovery plan .
This has already , by and large , helped to stop the financial meltdown .
We have to constantly assess how the economic recovery package , the fiscal stimulus and the financial reforms are working and producing results .
If necessary , we will have to do more - and better - in the course of the coming months .
On the Commission agenda next week , for instance , we have a major package of legislation concerning the financial markets , especially the Director 's remuneration , and a recommendation on the remuneration policies in the financial services sector .
In other words , we have to preserve the single market - which has been the engine of welfare in Europe - and we have to work for a new world trade deal in the context of the World Trade Organisation .
As replacement for Louis Michel next month , I am also involved in this because of my portfolio responsibilities .
In the current economic climate the value of concluding Doha has gone up very substantially .
Doha would boost the world economy and prevent protectionism from picking up .
I think it is also important to note , from the point of view of development , that leaders in the G20 also agreed on a trade finance package worth USD 250 billion over two years to support global trade flows , to which Europe will contribute substantially .
We are following developments closely and seeking ways to promote dialogue and reconciliation between political forces in the country .
However , significant shortcomings were identified which are of serious concern and had already been voiced by the Commission well before the elections .
Much more worrying are the reports of widespread human rights violations in the wake of the demonstrations after the election day .
After the turmoil that followed the demonstrations of 7 April , the Commission strongly condemned the excessive use of force and called on all those concerned to stop the use of inflammatory rhetoric and violence .
Respect for human rights remains a key condition for the further development of our relationship with Moldova .
President Voronin 's agreement to visit the Council of Europe Commissioner for Human Rights , Thomas Hammarberg , as well as cooperation with the EUSR on these issues , is welcome .
They should also go some way towards facilitating political dialogue in order to restore public confidence .
The current crisis is a test over Moldova 's resolve in this regard .
We welcome the fact that Romania has refrained from taking reciprocal steps following the reintroduction of visa requirements for Romanian citizens and for the declaration of its ambassador as persona non grata .
The current situation is of grave concern , but we should not lose our sense of the wider picture .
The Republic of Moldova is our neighbour .
It is critical that we stay engaged with the Moldovan people today and that together we work not only to overcome the challenges that have arisen in the electoral period but also those which are emerging as a result of the global financial and economic downturn .
I shall start with Mr Watson 's remarks concerning visas and human rights , but first I have to comment on his remarks concerning my colleague , Benita Ferrero-Waldner , who is responsible for our relations with Moldova .
You said Benita is an instinctive optimist .
Secondly , you have to be a professional optimist to be a European Commissioner , at least if you are responsible for EU enlargement and relations for south-eastern Europe .
We are examining the legality of this move .
Reports of widespread human rights violations with respect to detainees , as well as of abductions , are of serious concern .
Finally , on the likely impact of the election aftermath on EU-Moldova relations , it has brought to the fore the unfinished nature of Moldova 's internal reforms , particularly with regard to the rule of law and respect for fundamental freedoms .
We expect all concerned parties in Moldova , the official authorities as well as the political opposition and civil society , to agree on and progress towards a solution to the current crisis that will bring about more , not less , democracy and freedom for the Moldovan people .
Member of the Commission . - Madam President , I am glad that the Western Balkans are back on the European Parliament 's agenda this week .
The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia is a candidate looking forward to opening its negotiations , and we have a network of Stabilisation and Association Agreements in place .
Many will have questions about EU enlargement in the middle of an economic crisis , and discussions are likely to intensify as we approach the next elections for this Parliament .
We should not make it a scapegoat for our own domestic economic and social problems .
Therefore , a well-informed public debate is essential to keep us all engaged and making progress in this important region .
This is exactly what we have been doing for the past years since the renewed consensus on enlargement which was adopted by the European Council and endorsed by the European Parliament in December 2006 .
In this context , I very much welcome Mrs Ibrisagic 's report .
Ten years after the horrific events in