Committee on Development and Cooperation , I would like first of all to say that the European Parliament has scored a major victory in as much as the cuts in the Latin American , Asian and African poverty programmes have been made good .
The next item is the continuation of the joint debate on : the report by the European Council and the statement by the Commission on the European Council Meeting of 7 to 10 December 2000 in Nice ; the statement by the officiating President of the Council on the French Presidency .
Quite a number of speakers have made the same point this morning and I wholeheartedly agree with them .
Four main problems loom large .
We must introduce qualified majority decision-making for the essential topics , or else the situation will become untenable .
National interests took precedence over the interests of Europe as a whole .
Surely it is a very common democratic principle ?
Mr President , as far as I am concerned , the Nice Summit simply failed to make the grade .
To be perfectly honest , I do wonder whether he would have said the same if this instrument had been used in the same spurious way for MEDA , as proposed by Parliament .
Mr President , firstly , I too would like to thank all those who contributed to the determination of the budget , the Commissioner , the Council and the rapporteurs .
I would also particularly like to thank Mr Wynn , who , I believe is seeing out his first full year as chairman of the Committee on Budgets during a budgetary procedure , and I think he has made an outstanding job of it .
What else has a bearing on the agricultural budget ?
It can be regarded as a kind of moral duty but also as being in the interests of the European Union , which , of course , has nothing to gain from lawlessness and poverty in a very large neighbouring country .
That comes up in quite a few conversations one has in Russia .
The entry into force of scientific and technological cooperation with the Russian Federation is a good example .
However , I am of the opinion that the importance of Russia is not really reflected in the budget , but we disagree with the Social Democrats on that score .
I hope that links will be established at all levels between organisations , individuals and associations in the EU and their counterparts in the Russian Federation .
I am referring to the introduction of a visa obligation for Georgians , with the exception of the Abkhazians and the South Ossetians .
It makes no odds to the west what is happening with Russia , its people and society .
I tend to feel that if drastic measures had been taken earlier , we would not be facing such a disastrous situation now .
However , it is important that the Vice-President and the President of Parliament have declared their loyalty to the President .
There are even reports that the Laskar Jihad has banned all Christian church bells from ringing at Christmas .
That sort of violence only stirs up feelings of hatred .
As far as the overall approach in Indonesia is concerned , things are in fact heading in the right direction .
There should also be far more coordination of aid at European level .
The agency for the restructuring of the Indonesian banks , the so-called Ibra , has so far been unable to allow the merchant banks to resume their loans service .
A hybrid society must be turned into a transparent one .
When a country starts functioning as a constitutional state again , it must also settle old scores .
Corruption is still rampant .
But poor administration , where the military are left to wreak havoc undisturbed , feeds the desire for independence .
It is of paramount importance that those guilty of human rights violations are not allowed to get away with it .
Stagnation of the reformation in no way implies that the way to a democratic constitutional state - and I quote the rapporteur - 'is truly leading nowhere ' .
Hence now is the time for the European Union to carefully support , as far as it is able , the democratic forces , which are neither numerous nor strong .
As has already been mentioned , the instrument of discharge is one of the most important weapons that Parliament has .
As far as Parliament itself is concerned , the problem is the Treaty .
After all , were it to be approved , it would bring about a considerable improvement in the operation and stability of the European financial markets .
Stipulations that go further in this area are not in keeping with the objectives of the directive , which relates to the protection of the share holders .
Amendments Nos 4 and 15 are unacceptable because they do not belong in the intended stipulations .
Amendment No 17 , in its turn , should it be approved , could make it impossible for there to be any kind of hostile takeover bid .
Finally , a further two new amendments have been tabled about which I have the following comments to make .
Quite the reverse , in fact : I intend to make them more effective , and Mr Ferber ' s report is not a sound proposal in my opinion .
At the very least , that will give us an end date .
No.
Backed by a massive lobby , they managed to persuade the majority of this House to adopt an even more conservative stance .
Where it was possible to study the impact studies , it appeared that the social aspects in particular had been neglected in terms of social cohesion , employment , special services , etc .
