the territories of EU and NATO countries .
That being the case , it must intervene in a more consistent and effective way in international politics .
I also welcome the trade partnership agreements between the European Union and Central America and with the Andean Community , as well as the deepening of the existing Association Agreements with Mexico and Chile .
Although difficulties have arisen in this relationship , specifically as regards fisheries , security and immigration , the truth is that , in comparison with other countries , the EU-Canada relationship is stable and profitable for both partners .
In particular , I welcome the intention to launch a major reform of Canada 's fisheries management system , also involving the North Atlantic Fisheries Organisation .
I voted against the interim agreement signed between the EU and the United States on the processing and transfer of financial data on European citizens , not only because it is manifestly bad owing to the fact that it calls into question respect for the principles of necessity and proportionality , as well as the integrity and security of European financial data , but also because Parliament was denied the chance to properly exercise its prerogatives .
Only in this way can it be ensured that these data transfers do not constitute a departure from the principles underpinning EU legislation and practice .
An EU/US legal-cooperation agreement dealing with the prevention of terrorism financing must be signed , ensuring that personal data transfers respect the rights and freedoms of European citizens and companies , and that their security is protected , without putting the privacy of their transactions at unnecessary risk .
Nonetheless , the new motion for a resolution in question demonstrates a new position from the Commission and Council in terms of collaboration with Parliament .
These issues need to be clarified before the Commission is given a new mandate .
The renegotiation of this agreement with the United States is a unique opportunity for the EU to make an effective contribution to discovering new terrorists and potential attacks .
A series of guarantees is now being proposed that is based on European legislative practice and , therefore , offers greater protection for the fundamental rights of citizens .
It is only through a consistent approach and the establishment of general principles and rules regarding the use of PNR data that we can bring an end to this impasse and move on to conclude any international agreements in this field , whether with these three countries or with the avalanche of similar requests that will soon come .
The current state of the negotiations on data transfers still does not ensure effective legal protection of the data in the United States , as they can be retained for years after the security checks have been carried out and there is no legal protection for anyone who is not a US citizen .
The particular toxicity of the use of cyanide and the effects of its use in mining , both for those using it and for fauna and flora surrounding the mines , demand a move towards the prohibition of its use in mining , for fear of increased numbers of cases of contamination , with disastrous consequences for people and the environment .
We have to replace this technique with environmentally friendly alternatives , as cyanide mining technologies are responsible for more than 30 serious accidents in the last 25 years .
This is being imposed in exchange for a loan at a rate of interest higher than that of the International Monetary Fund itself .
Europe 2020 - new European Strategy for Jobs and Growth ( debate ) The profound crisis into which the neoliberalism that dominates Europe has led the continent , has led the authors of the 2020 strategy to try to wrap their objectives in social and environmental rhetoric , propaganda which has been abundantly propagated .
In the end , all the boasts of a 'social market economy ' mean nothing more than the commercialisation of all sectors of social life , nature and natural resources .
This programme is arriving at a time of economic uncertainty and high unemployment , the reduction of which is an immediate priority .
There are , however , two points that appear to be absolutely fundamental to me .
The Commission has just submitted a communication on clean and energy-efficient vehicles that sets out a neutral opinion as regards electric vehicles , giving no particular priority to any of the available options , whether they are electric , hybrid or hydrogen-fuelled vehicles .
Since the Treaty of Lisbon sets an upper limit on the number of MEPs from each Member State , Germany has three fewer seats .
I wish wholeheartedly that the results had been otherwise , but the circumstances at the time did not permit it .
The European Council agreed with the draft composition proposed by Parliament in 2007 , increasing the number from 750 to 751 .
I agree with the rapporteur , Mr Mendez de Vigo , when he recommends that the new Members take up their posts on the same day , to avoid regional distortions to representation in Parliament .
Therefore , while it would not make sense or be legitimate to strip elected Members of their mandates , it would also not be reasonable to prevent the Member States that are benefiting from an increase in the number of their representatives from appointing them in accordance with the legislation governing their respective electoral systems .
It is not possible to curtail an MEP 's mandate during a parliamentary term or , therefore , to reduce the current number of MEPs in the German delegation by three .
This report has shown the attempt by some MEPs to entrench the EU 's federalist trajectory by invoking a democratic legitimacy that the Treaty does not have .
