friendly policies .
The Union should not risk falling behind on these important issues because of a fear of innovation and change .
Thank you .
However , there is still one thing on which Mr Pompidou and I do not agree , and that is my amendment concerning plutonium .
Plutonium is dangerous and this is an issue which affects me as a young person a great deal because I know that something could happen involving it .
Mr President , the reports we have debated here this evening have had a great deal to say about climate change .
With regard to the intensive debate we have had on nuclear energy , it is also interesting that this report takes roughly the same line as Commissioner Cresson did very recently , namely that safety measures must be increased in this field so that nuclear energy can be used in the positive battle to achieve lower carbon dioxide emissions .
There is every reason to promote this in other countries in the Union .
In other words , thanks to Parliament 's decision in January to approve disbursement , EU aid is already a reality in the region and continues to flow in .
Thirdly , however , Mr President , we in the European Parliament have objections to the procedure proposed by the Council .
In any event , Mr President , we should today reject the proposal from the Council for a special urgent debate on this subject .
They include the inability to pursue a constructive economic policy , the destruction of important social infrastructure , powerlessness and cynicism in the face of mass unemployment and social crisis , total capitulation to the destabilising effects of speculative finance capital and now finally also the risk of splitting the Union .
Mr President , honourable colleagues .
Even for those countries which will not qualify for the first round of EMU the process has resulted in a thorough and in many cases necessary revision of the economy .
For it is to be hoped that we have come to the end of the era in which budgets could be expanded and politicians could buy popularity by shifting the burden of debt irresponsibly onto future generations .
As regards the Union , and not least us here in Parliament , it is a question of gearing our work to deregulation and not to new expensive regulations which hinder development .
We could learn something from other countries ' experiences , however , more quickly than getting bogged down in meaningless political formulations about vague ideas of an employment union which has shown itself to have no effect whatsoever , at least not in the way it has been put into practice in my country .
I should now like to hear fewer fine words and see more concrete evidence that the leaders of the EU are really serious about their goal of halving unemployment .
This criticism comes from politicians , economists , bankers and trades unionists .
It also requires fair distribution of common resources and policies which prevent social exclusion and unemployment .
The six members of the European Central Bank 's board cannot be removed in the course of the eight years for which they have been appointed .
Mr President , I should like to say a few words about the Kofoed report on fisheries in the Baltic Sea .
These amendments propose replacing the existing quota system with rules on fishing boat engine power .
I believe that a change to engine power would instead make it still more difficult to check how much fish is actually caught in the Baltic .
Thank you for your answer .
My judgement of the matter is that , precisely as a result of these safety investments , the Swedish public have a confidence in nuclear power which they would not have had , or would have been unlikely to have , if the investments had not been made .
One of the reasons I asked the question is that the Swedish government has now decided to make cuts in aid in Sweden , partly on account of the EU aid programme .
Am I making a correct interpretation , does the Commission share it and if so , how does the Commission intend to work to improve things for the 20 poorest countries in the world today ?
What we are talking about is in the first instance to all intents and purposes a monopoly ; no sugar is sold in Sweden that does not come from this particular company .
This is the answer I was really after in that the question you answered earlier mentioned that a great many small farmers continue to cultivate tobacco .
Like millions of people in Europe I am sure , I share this wish .
It is high time , Madam President , to review this politically high-risk project which is creating social unrest and political tension in Europe .
Certainly it is an important question , especially as it has resulted in a political game which is only increasing the public 's mistrust of the Union .
We must show that we really can use the Union to deal with the problems which concern the public .
I hope that Mr Dini will take the following message with him : take up all these initiatives and show that it is possible to achieve something concrete in Florence .
Things should not be left to their discretion .
The basic rule must be that all documents which are received by or emanate from the EU institutions should be public .
Of these , 22 countries have introduced the prohibition in the last five years .
However , as a concession to the wishes of the major fur-exporting countries , particularly Canada , its entry into force was postponed till 1 January 1996 - a most remarkable occurrence