But it would be foolish and irresponsible of us to think that what has happened so far in South Africa is already enough to guarantee the future and stability of this great southern African nation .
Europe must lead the way in terms of the support that the western and developed world must give to a country which has undergone fantastic changes and which has a fundamental role to play , not only in the development of southern Africa , but also in effectively helping this country to play a part in tackling many of the problems which exist in the African continent and which must be eradicated .
First of all , we want to strengthen those processes which are already under way in South Africa in a crucial phase of transition both in the framework of public institutions -parliament , government and public administration - and civil society , a society where South African NGOs in the past conducted noteworthy activity in particular when apartheid prevented them from having direct interaction with the government .
As far as the National Development Agency is concerned , the Commission feels that this body , which has not yet really been set up , cannot be the Commission 's partner in terms of policy but , once it is created , it could act as an appropriate organisation for coordinating South African and European NGOs .
That said , I should like to add that , in the past , responsibility for this and other matters was left to the head of the delegation in the Republic of South Africa ; here I must say that the Commission is considering , at this moment , increasing those responsibilities quite a lot and it has not done so , so far , not because the head of the delegation is not of high quality - quite the contrary - but because we have suffered from a very considerable lack of human resources at our delegation in South Africa .
Bearing in mind projects already approved or being approved , this means that , at this moment in time , we have now achieved authorisation of 95 % in terms of the available resources for the European Reconstruction and Development programme .
Given that the respect of the human being lies at the very heart of the democratic spirit of the West it is unjustifiable that we should continue with a situation whereby the European Union is not a party to the European Convention on Human Rights or the Bioethics Convention .
Mr President , more than ever Europe should make amends for what it has done since the fall of the Ottoman Empire in 1922 .
We must state out our disagreement and highlight the importance of this subject , one that can not be discussed too often , even in these general lines , although we should take care not to over-discuss it and therefore to remove its value .
We must congratulate the rapporteur on adopting our proposals and those of the Committee on Social Affairs and we should like once again to submit our request to the Commission so that , in future , a better assessment might be carried out of the repercussions of structural intervention on employment , in particular in respect of stable employment and women 's jobs .
Obviously , I should like to emphasise that economic and social cohesion cannot only be seen in terms of approximation or convergence between the Member States but also between the regions of Europe , because it also involves a fight to rectify regional imbalances .
I should like to conclude by emphasising the need to articulate policies in the European Union , policies on the environment , transport , the building of infrastructures , and the need for more articulation of the policies which help to rectify imbalances which are on one hand , the responsibility of the European Union and , on the other hand , the responsibility of the Member States which also must bear those responsibilities .
Compulsory schooling in Portugal now lasts nine years , and higher education has an extraordinary attendance in the country ; the main problem now facing us is to give the bountiful supply of higher education higher quality standards .
Whereas between 1985 and 1994 Portugal made up 3 points in terms of convergence , in just three years , 1993 , 1994 and 1995 it lost 2.7 points . 1996 saw the beginning of a third stage .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I should like to begin by reminding Parliament that we are going to be assessing this report three years after the approval of the Regional Development Plan presented by the Portuguese government and halfway through its execution , which means that it is already , therefore , possible to analyse its development and its adaptation to the current socio-economic reality .
I think that we urgently have to cut down the complexity of the whole system of funds and its management - this is a subject which has already been aired today - and that there should be greater flexibility so that it can take account of and react more swiftly to meet the needs of the people at whom these measures are directed .
Finally , I should like to thank the rapporteur for referring to a particular element , one that is both positive and important for economic and social development , namely the geographical and strategic potential for relations between Europe , Africa or the Americas , with the possibility of developing particular industries or maritime services .
For example , there are blanks in his report ( on page 15 ) concerning the two Portuguese island regions which are precisely the most peripheral regions and which therefore face the most difficulties .
On the other hand , the actions financed by the European Union should