We need informed patients who are able to benefit from the opportunities we are opening up to them .
The problem is not that the EU is moving ahead too quickly , but that it is heading in the wrong direction .
The EU has got bogged down in yesterday’s problems .
Allow it to die in peace , announce a new process in which each local authority has its own convention and then use their proposals for locally based European cooperation as a foundation for a new draft Treaty .     Tough prioritising of the European Union’s resources is crucially important to bringing about the changes needed by Europe .
We do not accept an increase in administrative costs of 3 % per year .
In order to reduce the EU’s budget , we wish to revise the agreement from 2002 concerning agricultural expenditure and to carry out an overhaul of regional aid , with priority instead being given to the poorest regions .
The EU must fulfil its commitments towards the ten new Member States , but room is made for this expenditure within the present expenditure framework .
The correction mechanism will hopefully also be an alternative to the British rebate .
They lead to unnecessary additional work for private individuals and companies .
We believe that only those products transported by private individuals themselves should be regarded as private imports and thus be exempted from taxation in their own countries .
We believe that it should be possible to have separate excise duties on products that damage our environment .
We therefore welcome the Commission ’s overhaul of the rules governing products subject to excise duty .
It must be possible for both tobacco and alcohol to be exempted from the general rule that excise duty must be paid in that Member State in which products acquired for private use are consumed .
In that way , it will be possible to direct people’s choices so that these are environmentally more friendly .
What is more , transport and modes of transport are safer for being managed professionally .     For public health reasons , I have chosen today not to support Mr Rosati’s report on amending the directive on the general arrangements for products subject to excise duty , such as alcohol and tobacco .
With a view to limiting the harmful effects of alcohol and working to reduce total alcohol consumption , I believe that the guide levels should remain .
The June List thus supports the Swedish , Finnish and Danish position in the Council .
We cannot , therefore , support the resolution .     It is important to have an efficient anti-discrimination policy , as well as effective protection of minorities .
This debate should not be conducted within the framework of EU cooperation but in a broader international context .
Clearly , the countries of Europe have different foreign policy positions .
Would the voices of small countries , such as Sweden , be heard at all ?     Thank you for your answer .
It is a crime against the ILO Convention .
I wish to know whether you are coordinating matters or whether we should resume the discussion once I receive my answer from the Commission .     – Mr President , I question whether the EU really is interested in achieving the sustainable exploitation of fishery resources .
The criticism is based on the fact that none of these agreements promotes sustainable fishing and that they are also implemented in a way that does not comply with the FAO’s code of conduct .
The EU should not work on issues concerning fishing .
The Agreement on the International Dolphin Conservation Programme came about because a very great many of our people wanted to prevent dolphins from dying as a result of bad fishing methods .
Now that we are making sure that the agreement is implemented in our legislation , it is important for these objectives to be attained .
A reference to Article 3 of the Regulation of 2003 is important for also informing everyone who fulfils the conditions about the correct labelling requirements and ensuring that no one can fecklessly take advantage of these .
Log sets kill sea turtles and many other species .
That position does not mean that we support the Commission ’s proposal .
Each Member State should be free to conduct , if it so wishes , a more generous policy in this area , something that is impeded if the Member States are hamstrung by common EU standards .
Each country is responsible for its inhabitants ’ healthcare .
If patients are freely to be able to choose healthcare in another Member State and have it paid for by their own country ’s taxpayers , that principle is threatened .
We welcome a uniform framework that clarifies the right to seek healthcare in another EU country .
We have thus chosen to vote against Parliament’s report as a whole .     The resolution contains quite a few constructive proposals about the ways in which the United Nations might be reformed , for example through an enlarged and more representative Security Council , more environmental work and an emphasis upon connections between development and the environment .
It contains a variety of proposals concerning the form to be taken by cooperation between the EU and the United States in a range of areas , including security policy , the environment , energy and the economy .
In our opinion , Uzbekistan is not in the neighbourhood of the EU.
Even though we are able substantially to support quite a few of the proposals , it is not for the EU to lay down such policy .
Through institutional competition , countries should of their own accord find suitable solutions as to the way in which economic policy is to be shaped .
For the above-noted reasons , we are voting against both