.
Just recently hundreds of transmitters for mobile phones were erected in Pefki , which is just outside Athens , and we have high voltage transmission lines and so on .
This is why I believe that , until further studies have been carried out and the facts have been observed further , as Mr Whitehead said , we must abide by the recommendations made by Mr Tamino .
What concerns me most , and what I would like your opinion on , is whether the provisions of the directive were adhered to , in particular as regards transparency and the actual use to which public funds were put .
Mr President , the issue of own resources is , and always has been , extremely complex , as the system requires unanimity to change it and , above all , as improving its shortcomings by amending the current decision on own resources would give rise to other shortcomings and would most likely create new opposition .
In addition , we have focused all our attention on the issue of cofinancing agricultural subsidies and we have forgotten many other issues which we could have tackled and which , unfortunately , have gone by the board .
The notion of net financial surpluses is therefore a retrogressive notion and must be abandoned by the European Parliament .
Quite the contrary : it must be creative , in other words it must be the outcome of participation in existing or unfolding new policies .
Firstly , does the total amount of Community budget receipts cover the current requirement of the European Union ?
It wants to reduce expenditure on the common agricultural policy , the Committee on Budgets is transformed into the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development , it recommends the restructuring of agricultural policy and finally calls for national contributions to this policy .
Let us just reflect on the fact that , without a common agricultural policy , there would be no European Union today .
Mr President , in the debates in Council on Agenda 2000 it is clear that there is a certain indecision .
The reason for this is that there is a discrepancy between the objectives that are being put forward and the funds that are available to pay for them .
We agree that there must be a policy for enlargement .
The Structural Funds were set up as a mechanism to counterbalance the effects of the single market .
We therefore need a new CAP which can help the really weak Member States .
Regarding the Structural Funds , this House approved the financial package which the Commission initially introduced , which is why we are opposed to any attempts to further reduce it .
It is crucial , therefore , that the Council and the European Council meeting in Berlin consider our proposals seriously .
Secondly , because of their unilateral nature , the threats made by NATO , the USA and the European Union are simply helping to reinforce the most extreme elements and are making it more difficult to find a political solution .
Only if a specific agreement can be reached on how to solve the problem of the autonomy of the region will we be able to say that military presence will have a positive impact .
When this agreement has been reached , the armed forces which are currently massing in the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia will be able to play a more constructive role .
Mr President , first of all I have to say that I am against referral back to committee .
We have been debating this matter in the European Parliament since January 1998 , when we adopted a special resolution in which we said that we wanted to go forward with gradual liberalisation .
We must now move forward and show the Council and the Commission what we can achieve .
They were unanimously adopted by our committee and also have the support of our group .
I would like to make a comment on the Sakellariou report .
Perhaps there is a new , important issue - which indeed is not new , judging by the force with which it has emerged - in the Mediterranean area , which threatens to destabilise the whole of the Eastern Mediterranean .
We cannot afford to ignore the Kurdish question and it must be integrated into issues relating to Mediterranean cooperation .
If this is indeed what we want , I think we must concern ourselves with how to integrate the Kurdish question into our deliberations on achieving peace and security in the Mediterranean region , to which the European Parliament hopes to contribute .
It is also of major significance in current geopolitical terms , because it connects the continent of Europe with the troubled region of the Middle East and also with the awakening giant that is Africa .
Not until the end of 1995 , with the Barcelona Conference , did we attempt to open up prospects for cooperation , though with pre-defined commitments and an unlimited time scale .
Nor has the threat or the use of violence among partners ceased to be a political instrument .
We must make a courageous and flexible effort .
The Council is making a mistake by leaving it entirely up to the United States to formulate proposals for a solution to the Middle East problem .
Finally , Mr President , in order for us to arrive at that point , the institutional presence of the Council in the Middle East needs to be re-examined .
You belong to a body to which 14 other governments belong , 13 of whom declare themselves to be Socialist governments .
Can you tell me what the political strategy of the Council is to find money for the social face of Europe and for the protection of the environment ?
Thank you , Mr President .
