We have to move away from running our economies as if cheap fossil fuel is a good thing .
We have to pay the full price for these fuels and we have to shift to a low-carbon economy .
For once , I can agree with the words of the British Prime Minister on this and I now await his actions with eagerness .
The EU has a wonderful opportunity to really take a lead in this change to an ecologically sustainable society where we will not have to deal with floods partly caused by our own inability to face up to the consequences of our own actions .
Mr President , Europe suffered across the whole continent from the recent spate of flooding , whether it was in the United Kingdom , Ireland , Italy , Spain or France ; hitting , amongst other regions in the United Kingdom , Wales and Yorkshire ; in Ireland , Leinster and Munster ; in Italy , Liguria and Lombardy .
There was a destruction of homes , of energy , communication and transport networks .
In my own region , the Southwest of England , we had all of these consequences .
The main railway line between Cheltenham and Swindon remains closed .
It will be closed for a month because of the damage caused by the floods .
We came within an inch or so of the town of Tewkesbury being cut off .
Two major roads were cut for a number of days : the A38 north of Gloucester and the A417 west of Gloucester .
It is the worst flooding in the United Kingdom since 1947 .
In Devon , the River Taw had the highest level since records began .
In Somerset , we had tidal flooding across the coastline .
In Dorchester , the River Frome was so high that a major-incident plan was invoked to deal with the possible consequences .
We still remain on stand-by at the moment .
Tens of millions of pounds ' worth of damage has been done and I agree with Mrs Lambert that we must take action to deal with our contribution towards the cause of the flooding in terms of our planning regulations , in terms of reforestation , in terms of all of the actions we have taken to make flooding that much more dangerous than in the past .
We also require the EU to give help and assistance , not just in the southwest but across all of the areas that have been affected .
The resolution calls on the Commission and the Member States to waste no time in expressing their support in practical ways by marshalling workers and equipment under the five-year plan establishing a Community action programme in the field of civil protection which was adopted on 9 December 1999 .
We also call on the Commission to make use of all existing funding : ERDF , EAGGF , Guarantee Section , which have already been assigned for use in dealing with disasters of this nature to provide financial aid to SMEs , to farmers , to households , the elderly and others affected , particularly those living in exposed areas who have limited protection as recompense and as assistance towards a speedy recovery .
Mr President , I find myself on my feet again and this time on a matter which is of great concern and importance to the people of Europe as a whole and also relevant to the people of my own constituency of South East England and particularly in Sussex , Berkshire , Kent and the town of Maidenhead .
I speak of the extraordinary series of floods across Europe .
I am very well aware , from my work on the Committee on Development and Cooperation , of the recent floods in Mozambique , the Indian sub-continent , Bangladesh , the Mekong Delta and so on .
If you look at the list of countries and regions in the resolution , you can see quite how serious this matter has become .
There has been loss of life in more than one EU Member State .
There has been enormous damage , running into billions of pounds , to small and medium-sized businesses , householders , farmers , the elderly , individuals and particularly the poorest and weakest in our society .
It is obvious to me that something is going very seriously wrong .
Today there is a gathering in The Hague of the representatives of COP6 .
They are meeting to discuss progress on climate change .
Last Monday Jan Pronk , Holland 's environment minister , stated that the effect of climate change is irreversible for ecosystems , agriculture , water supply and health .
The less we do and the longer we wait to tackle the root of the problem , the more serious the effects and the greater the strain on the resilience of peoples , plants and animals .
This is undoubtedly true .
The issues that are being discussed are for the medium and long-term .
However , this resolution tabled right across Parliament , including by my colleagues from England , deals with a very real and short-term problem faced by thousands and thousands of people in Britain and across Europe .
In Britain alone the estimated cost of the damage is about GBP 4 billion , only half of which is covered by insurance .
Across Europe this bill will rise and rise like the water level .
The Commission must make all speed to use its energies and funds to ensure that those affected in the hardest hit areas are helped immediately , through such instruments as the ERDF and the EAGGF Guarantee Section .
We must in particular help our farmers , small businesses , the elderly and the householders who have been inundated time and time again .
There