Commissioner , we are here to defend a wonderful gift of nature .
We cannot ignore , with the excuse that there are no surpluses lying in the warehouses , the profound signs that the sector has structural difficulties : falling prices , sharp cuts in aid and production forecasts for the leading producer country that foreshadow worrisome scenarios for producers who are not at fault for all this .
As for the second observation , the Commission 's proposal does indeed take on board some of the important points that we raised in the document approved by Parliament : ' no ' to consumer aid , ' yes ' to production aid , which is confirmed , and 'yes ' to the definition of national quotas , without which we risk not only seeing producers penalized but also a war break out between these producers and between the various producer countries .
This document is a first important step so that producers can again have peace of mind in order to improve production and to create conditions of growth for the European economies .
It is definitely time that this 32-year old common organization of the markets retire .
Any move to refer the matter back to committee or some similar step would not be in the interest of anyone and would cause serious economic damage .
I will let the Presidency decide , but I believe that on such an important issue we should not stifle the debate or prevent any group from contributing .
Certainly , the Council , in particular , is seriously behind in its work , but the Commission is perhaps somewhat at fault too .
Otherwise , it is too contradictory : we cannot want to relaunch the Mediterranean strategy and then block agreements with individual Mediterranean countries .
This is too contradictory .
The meeting of Foreign Ministers on 3 and 4 June was useful in this sense , and I believe that it can help the third Euro-Mediterranean Conference .
I understand that this is in the interest of some who today are stronger and more powerful , but this is not in the interest of all the peoples and not in the interest of the European Union ; we must therefore remind everyone of their sense of responsibility in concluding this peace process .
If you will allow me to give a naturally positive judgement of the Commission 's communication , it is that this communication identifies and develops the problems in depth but is not very coherent in identifying which instruments should be used to intervene more effectively .
First of all , the major trans-European networks risk connecting only the major metropolitan areas , and so are likely to intensify metropolitan concentrations .
First of all , I , or should I say we , see the URBAN project as positive .
The human race has not achieved anything more complex than the city .
Indeed , without broad and comprehensive planning , we end up making incomplete choices that never solve the problems of citizens or of the businesses that offer jobs .
So , yes , we support the Pollack report and , yes , we give our unconditional support to a stronger Union policy on the urban environment .
To regain control of urban areas there must be better regional planning that revives the true notion of neighbourhood and reintegrates huge peripheral areas into the urban fabric , and this must be accompanied by efficient public and private transport .
Mr President , this is my first speech in my new seat in this Parliament , finally in the centre .
This report was not produced until 1996 , and today , a little more than one year before the end of the extension , the Parliament is called on to give its opinion on this Commission report and , therefore , indirectly on the future of duty-free .
The creation of the internal market on 1 January 1993 and the relative absence of Community borders made it necessary to introduce a system to monitor sales and guarantee compliance with the set duty-free allowances .
The shortcomings observed are probably due to the fact that Member States have not , between themselves , had the time to organize , coordinate and invest in these systems .
The sector directly employs about 140 000 people , and the abolition of duty-free allowances will mean that a lot of these jobs will be in jeopardy ; in addition to the risk of job losses , there will be negative effects on the tourist industry , particularly in certain peripheral regions .
Furthermore , the elimination of duty-free sales will jeopardize the process of liberalization of the transport industry , especially for small and medium-sized operators .
This amendment enables travellers whose final destination is outside the Community , but who have a stopover , to make duty-free purchases at the point of departure .
Madam President , I would first like to speak as the rapporteur for the document ' Initiative for international coordination of the Internet ' in the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy .
I have problems with certain amendments , Amendments Nos 6 and 12 , on the authorities responsible for the content of the Internet , and Amendment No 7 , on the responsibility of the distributors , but I am sure that we will come back to this debate with other thoughts and experiences .
However , all these initiatives encountered difficulties in the Council and in the Commission itself and went no further than a few measures .
It is for this reason that we greatly appreciate this communication and I would indeed like us to use this debate as well to urge the Council to arrive at an agreement on the legal basis before the first reading on 17 July , otherwise we demonstrate an inability to