We agree too on the importance of social dialogue as a way of achieving an effective policy on health in the workplace .
Nobody , therefore , can stop the Council from adopting internal rules , provided these rules conform to the terms of the Treaties .
Moreover , you will agree with me that there are still areas subject to Community decision-making which , because they are politically sensitive , require the Council to try hard - as hard as is needed - to unify what we all want .
I was not interested in wearying this Parliament with history lessons or particularly in wearying Mr Ortuondo Larrea with some reference showing him he might need to brush up on Spanish history , although I am hardly surprised that he does not know it because he is not interested in doing so .
Even though there was a debate on this subject yesterday which lasted more than two hours , I understand this question is being maintained .
The Council is delighted that this initiative has been backed by the Arab League Summit in Beirut , which the President-in-Office of the Council of the European Union also attended ; this was indeed an unprecedented action because never before has a President-in-Office of the Council been invited to take part in a meeting of Arab League Ministers .
With regard to the measures that may derive from our considerations on whether or not it is appropriate to apply or suspend any part of the Agreement , I should like to remind you also that these decisions are made unanimously by the Council and that therefore it will be the Council , in its wisdom , that decides whether the measures you refer to will be adopted .
The only institution that has the right of initiative to submit proposals is the Commission and , since it has no legal base to make proposals on this , it has not made any .
I should like to confirm that , unfortunately , even though it was signed some time ago , only four Member States have so far ratified the Cotonou Agreement .
In chronological order they are Denmark , United Kingdom , Sweden and Finland .
As of today , 42 ACP states have deposited their ratification instruments .
Does the Council intend to make the most of this Presidency and the current situation in the ACP countries to carry out this awareness campaign ?
Kashmir evidently does not claim our full attention , but not because it is not a serious problem but precisely because of the praiseworthy efforts made by both India and Pakistan to contain this hotbed , which has been on the brink of sparking off a war that could have had incalculable consequences .
Council Regulation 539/2001 lays down the list of third countries , identities and territorial authorities not recognised as states , at least by one Member State , whose citizens are required to hold a visa to cross the external borders of the Member States , and Taiwan appears on this list .
That , of course , depends on the political considerations of each Member State , and I imagine it does not escape you that there are powerful political grounds and great pressure from China for such visas not to be issued .
In the Commission 's periodic report for 2000 on Romania 's progress towards accession , the Commission expressed its concern in relation to the legislation and practice on adoption between different countries , which allow considerations other than the best interests of the child to influence decisions on adoption .
I should point out that this subject was raised at the last meeting of the Association Council , and we have also raised it bilaterally with both the Prime Minister , Mr Nastase , and the Foreign Minister , Mr Geoana .
Is the Romanian Government truly exempt , because of its duty to eradicate corruption , from a basic principle of the European Union , which is the non-retroactivity of current laws , under which adoptions have hitherto been processed ?
The principle of retroactivity is one option for the Romanian Government , which can , if it wants , apply the old legislation , or wait to apply the new legislation .
Therefore , at this time , a definitive answer to the question cannot be given but , taking account of current opinions , it does not seem likely that this proposal will prosper in the near future and even less likely that it could affect persons who have not committed any crime .
I would like to remind you that the last occasion when discreet surveillance was used was the Barcelona Council , to prevent the streets of Barcelona from being turned into some sort of battleground , as happened in Genoa .
It should be remembered that the Barcelona demonstration was an extraordinary display of civic unity and that for a demonstration of such size to be free from violence is quite unprecedented .
Therefore , Mr President , I would like to formally protest at these comments , which I think are bordering on out and out rudeness , to put it very mildly .
This type of aid , linked to rural aid , however , can and should be maintained , not least because it does not distort the market in the current Europe of fifteen .
Given that the two types of alcohol compete with each other and are to a large extent interchangeable for most uses , the fact that the Commission is only intending to regulate alcohol of agricultural origin prompts questions about the purpose and value of rules supposedly designed to regulate the European alcohol market as a whole .
I would like to finish by asking the Commission three questions .
A short time ago , a study was published in a