increased burden on the small and medium-sized enterprises in particular , who would in no way be in a balanced position in relation to the improved consumer protection brought about by this change .
This clearly is not the case here .
Legal instruments on the production and marketing of the agricultural products specified in Appendix II of the Treaty may contain provisions for the harmonization of the national regulations without Article 100 or Article 100a of the EC Treaty being referred to .
This is not anything new , but in the area of food law the creation of confidence is vital for people .
We need to ensure we make it clear , too , where individual provisions need to be amended .
Since today , in the age of the information society , we have very easily accessible information facilities at our disposal , you could imagine that labelling should include the most important information and actually go into detail if particular consumer interests need to be taken into account .
And this is precisely what we wish to do !
The Group of the European People 's Party will not tolerate the EP being deprived of its rights through the formation of agencies and all that comes with it .
On behalf of my colleague , Mr Liikanen , I would like to express to you once again our regret at the actions of the Alicante agency , which has already been addressed .
The European Monetary Institute 's report , which quite rightly takes as its theme the two key issues of the independence of the European Central Bank and of the European System of Central Banks , and the proper functioning of this system as a unified whole , goes somewhat beyond compatibility issues .
If we take the opposite approach , we will be doing it a great disservice .
SMEs particularly need help , because the euro will enable them to take full advantage of the internal market for the first time .
I am sure that this is an extreme case , but when you consider that just changing back and forth once can involve amounts of this order , you will soon realise how much is at stake when millions of tourists are changing money .
This applies above all to the inflation rate , where the EU average is now at a historically low level .
For example , in one Member State that I know well , the central bank 's decisions could be deferred for 14 days .
I believe , and several people have already touched on this today , that dual pricing could and should be applied for three years by authorities ranging from municipalities , cities , districts and regions to major state institutions , in setting and assessing charges and also in paying salaries and so forth .
We will go on the election trail and Commission will either retire or seek reselection .
I want to mention two other points that we cannot vote for .
So it is good that the Commissioner and the Commission have brought forward a programme to promote road safety .
However , it is not just alcohol that impairs people 's fitness to drive , medicines and drugs can also affect it .
I therefore urge the plenary to follow the recommendations of the Committee on External Economic Relations and the Committee on Culture when we vote , and exclude audiovisual policy and intellectual property from this agreement .
The second point is that in the context of continuing liberalization , an arbitration procedure would be introduced giving investors the right to take legal action against Member States .
The measures for regulating foreign investment called for in the report must not , however , be allowed to generate a situation in which open competition is possible in every area of culture .
Furthermore , the OECD agreement is already subject to a democratic ratification process .
As you will probably know , we have started to review the whole area of meat hygiene and all legislation in this field .
Secondly , the Nordic method has up to now been used in Sweden , and Sweden wants this system to be recognized as a reference method as well .
However , to return to your more specific question about the condition of animals when they arrive at abattoirs , it is certainly not true that all animals reach abattoirs in poor condition .
But I hope you will understand that in proposing generous measures for Objective 1 , 2 and 5b areas for phasing out regions that will in future no longer be eligible , we really want to do what is necessary to consolidate existing successes .
There have been no changes in the management process compared with URBAN 1 , but it can be taken as read that the positive aspects of URBAN 1 have been incorporated into URBAN 2.
For example , we financed a joint Spanish/Portuguese study to get the facts on their common water resources .
.
It is only on how to reach this common goal that we are not at all in agreement .
I believe that with the three programmes which we have before us for discussion today , the question of subsidiarity does not arise at all in at least two , because with rare diseases it is clear that , if in a Member State there are only ten people affected , it is not possible to introduce a sensible programme .
Although we did not alter the Copenhagen criteria , we did add some very important , specific environmental and social issues among others .
In that respect Mr Oostlander is perfectly right .
Enlargement should not be limited to economic integration alone .
Governments have since changed without problems .
After all , that is what we are expecting from the applicant countries