simplistic populism which tends to flower in this Parliament at times like this .
So why is there no progress on this issue of employment ?
But these things are not advancing either in whole or in part .
Mr President , from today we leave the Italian presidency behind us .
We therefore hand over with confidence to our Irish friends the work schedule that will bring the citizens closer to the European institutions .
The single currency requires a federal supranational power in the area of economic policy , because the problems of unemployment are just as important as those of monetary stability .
I am well aware that the globalization of the economy raises difficult problems for employment in Europe , but there is one unavoidable question : what is the causal relationship between this European integration and the process of unemployment ?
The Rocard report hints at this timidly but the problem needs to be put in starkly urgent and dramatic terms .
Mr President , a government like President Prodi 's , standard bearer of general innovation , ought to have been able to drop the old tradition of optimism at the end of Presidential terms .
President Prodi , I would like a clear answer on this point .
Florence confirmed 1 January 1999 as the date for economic and monetary union , as laid down in the Treaty and already confirmed in Madrid .
On the contrary , it is likely to displease the farmers and breeders who have been seriously harmed by the effects of the crisis on public opinion , especially in terms of consumption .
The truth is we need to recover a strategy , we need to recover an overall objective , which must revolve again around the question : what sort of Europe do we want ?
Someone said we ought to thank the United Kingdom because it has forced us to understand the absolute need to go beyond unanimity .
The results - as others have mentioned before me - have been EUROPOL , agreement on the convention on extradition , agreement on the protocol on corruption and the drive towards action on racism .
Mr President , this Parliament has always been concerned about the democratic deficit in the Community 's decision-making process and the defence of proper rights of representation .
It is now a case of concentrating the effort on consolidating this institutional process for employment and other citizenship policies , while the mechanisms of monetary unification move onward .
The fragmentation of the Community capital market constitutes a problem for all growing firms .
One final point I would like to mention here is the distinction that should be made between the various economic sectors of small and medium-sized enterprises .
There are two questions that I want to put to you , Commissioner Papoutsis .
That is my proposal , Commissioner .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , I would remind us all of what we have promised , and of the great expectations aroused by Europe 's undertaking to introduce freedom of movement for persons by 1 January 1993 ; it is now July 1996 , and this free movement of persons has still not come about .
I believe that with every day that passes by without the free movement of persons becoming a reality , we are dealing a perhaps irreversible blow to our citizens ' hopes of having a real united , federal Europe without all these visas , permits , certificates and red tape which are in practice impeding its development .
That has not been and is not the case .
All these accusations create a climate of distrust in the public authorities whose duty it is to regularize this immensely difficult situation , which is affecting all of us and not just the Member State most directly concerned .
Although the final text is not quite what we would have wished for , largely because of the lack of cooperation from the Council , which is reluctant to accept the new role of the European Parliament and is not adjusting to the codecision procedure , my group will vote in favour of this project , since we believe it is important that Parliament should support this joint decision .
The second is to admit - and I should like us to discuss this among ourselves - that we have been left empty-handed , as the saying goes , and that - to use the language of the Commissioner and the Council - this whole business greatly resembles Shakespeare 's ' Comedy of Errors ' .
Even though our group will vote in favour of the Piecyk report , it recognizes that we have achieved very little .
This was my impression , at least , when the Council first refused even the slightest change to the list of fourteen priority projects , and then let it be known at the Florence European Council that two countries wished to change that list .
I do not believe that this House should change its mind according to the mood-swings in the Council .
That is not what the Treaty stipulates .
That would be a dangerous departure from the codecision procedure laid down at Maastricht , and I would ask for some assurances and clarification from Commissioner Kinnock in this respect .
In my opinion , the priority projects should not be changed on any account .
This is where there are grounds for concern , and although it is true that we should be celebrating this outcome - albeit with the reservations already voiced by colleagues - we are also rightly concerned about the future .
I repeated this sentence at various seminars on the Munich-Verona route .
Our task now is to find the financial resources to ensure that this document can be appreciated by our citizens , so that economic and social cohesion can become real and tangible