In this regard – and you know what Parliament’s thinking is – Parliament has insisted on having a differentiated legal framework and we also believe that we must promote an entire range of policies in the field of education , culture , vocational training and scientific and technological cooperation .
Since being all but absent from the agenda during the seventies , it was enhanced during the following decade , coinciding with the disappearance of the dictatorships and the spread of democracy .
Two very different approaches .
Let us trust that they enter into force within more reasonable timescales .
This is a Political Dialogue and Cooperation Agreement , but we are not making progress with our commercial relations .
There is no financial obligation , no commercial obligation and no institutional obligation .
What is peculiar about this issue is the erratic nature of the Commission ’s proposals .
Firstly , a distinction is established between animals intended for slaughter and animals intended for fattening .
We must recognise that nobody transports animals for the fun of it .
We therefore believe that the coherent and correct solution or proposal will be to establish the obligation for two drivers , with a cycle of nine hours which would allow for a brief rest in order to be able to continue another cycle of nine hours in the transportation .
Why are we justifying four hours , eight hours , nine hours ?
This is not justified either , which is what the report attempts to do in technical terms .
There is no knowledge of many of the aspects indicated and therefore certain measures , for example , such as excessive separation of animals , is going to harm them , or in other words , things are going to be worse than before .
The possible effects on the economy of regions and even whole countries could be very serious .
We should consider very carefully our decisions on all the points of the legislation which are equally incongruous , and thereby prevent our work from simply causing greater burdens for the sector and isolating economic sectors of entire regions .     Mr President , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , this is a grave hour at which we must work even harder to break the infernal spiral of violence in the Middle East .
There must therefore be an end to this policy of continuing to build the wall within the occupied territories , of ordering extra-judicial executions and , furthermore , there must be a withdrawal from Gaza , to which the current Israeli Government has clearly committed itself .
I therefore believe that we must restart and reinforce a process in which the European Union , the United States – which also has a serious responsibility – the Arab League and all the countries of the region can continue along the lines of the statement on a common future for the Middle East recently proposed by the German Foreign Affairs Minister , Mr Fischer , and in which the European Union , the region’s main partner , as the Commissioner has said quite rightly , could contribute many elements in relation to peace treaties , security , arms control , disarmament , respect for human rights and democracy and economic cooperation .
We simply have to look at what King Abdullah of Jordan , who we all know to be a clearly moderate leader , said the day before yesterday – and I quote , ‘the assassination of Sheikh Yassin , a week before the Arab League Summit , demonstrates that the Israelis wanted the meeting to fail and for the Arabs not to be able to relaunch their dialogue initiative , because Israel does not want peace’ .
Commissioner , our institutions must set an example in the application of these rights .
That is the reality .
We have shown that we are building Europe through the minutes of silence all Europeans held following the tragic events in Madrid .
Furthermore , I would like to address the President of the Commission and say that the circumstances in which he finds himself must lead us to reflect on an important issue , which is the role of the Commission .
Finally , with regard to the important issue of Cyprus , I would like on behalf of our group to reiterate our unconditional support for the efforts being made by the Secretary-General of the United Nations to find a solution to the issue of Cyprus and by doing so to help the enlargement process to be successful .
Europe’s international role can and must be aimed at achieving a fairer and more cooperative world , without poverty or inequality , which deprives the attackers of democracy and freedom , who must always be condemned , of any justification .
At midday , when an oral amendment was presented to the House declaring 11 March the European day against terrorism , the Member presenting that amendment blamed ETA.
Fortunately , the Spanish citizens were able to demand the truth and get rid of the government which tried to deceive them .
Unfortunately , circumstances demonstrate that more must be done and , without prejudice to the measures to assist victims , which the Council has approved , I would like to express our desire for the financial contribution for the pilot project to help victims to be significantly increased , raising the status of that project to a wide-ranging Community action .
We will overcome it if we face it together , with democratic conviction and with the force of the Rule of Law .     Mr President , following 11 September this Parliament worked quickly and very seriously supporting the Commission and calling on the Council for a series of measures to confront terrorism .
The European Commission is right to say that we do not need new ideas .
I would like to say , Mr President , with regard to the constitutional issue , that I