In this report I have tried to reflect these concerns as clearly and as pragmatically as possible .
This is particularly important when we are talking about trade agreements .
It is vital that social policy goes hand in hand with economic policy , to ensure a sustainable recovery not only of the economic fabric , but also of the social fabric .
The Group of the European People 's Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats , the political force that I represent in this House , has contributed to social policy during this legislative term in what I regard as a very decisive way .
Trust cannot be decreed or legislated for ; it depends to a large extent on the behaviour of the institutions .
I feel that it is now absolutely appropriate for this matter to be discussed .
Why is the European Union opting to deduct EUR 2 billion from the agriculture margin , when thousands of farmers are facing ever greater difficulties ?
Where , finally , is the highly proclaimed solidarity across the European Union ?
In other words , we are legislating for the future , not for today .
Despite this statement of principle and my calls to the President of this House , I note with sadness that Parliament is sticking with the anachronistic option of making Brazil the only BRIC economy without an independent parliamentary delegation .
It was therefore important that our group 's proposal be adopted , through our vote in favour , as this will maintain the freedom of exchanges between users , without these being controlled or sponsored by intermediaries .
Self-employment remains a minority form of employment in Europe , accounting for 16 % of the working population .
That is why we decided to abstain .
As such , the proposal sets out procedures and methods of providing financial assistance to stimulate investment in the creation of a European integrated energy network , whilst enhancing the European Union 's policy of reducing greenhouse gas emissions .
It almost seems like we are not facing one of the biggest crises in capitalism , with worsening unemployment , destruction of productive capacity , increasing inequalities and growing difficulties for workers and the general population .
Every year in the European Union , millions of animals are killed .
I voted for the Silva Peneda report on the Renewed Social Agenda .
Social and employment policies must be strengthened to reduce or avoid job losses and to protect Europeans against social exclusion and the risk of poverty .
There are no alternative answers , particularly with regard to reinforcing the role of the State in the economy , in strategic sectors and in the expansion of high-quality public services , or even in the defence of higher wages and pensions .
Europe has once again shown the fragility of European unity on the most politically polarising issues , as was definitely the case at this conference .
The dream of a shared humanity without frontiers is being born right here in this place of representation , where freedom grows stronger and democracy grows wider .
It is the ultimate rule for our original coordination .
They know that the emancipation of history is only possible through a project of political sharing and global justice .
Greater integration of women in politics , particularly in external relations and diplomacy , is essential to the successful implementation of the EU 's external policies , including in the areas of aid , development , enlargement , neighbourhood policy , conflict resolution , security and peace-building , and international trade .
This resolution forms part of a package of five resolutions , adopted today by Parliament , which shows the clearest possible contempt for the democratically and sovereignly expressed will of the French , Dutch and Irish peoples , who rejected the European Constitution and the so-called Treaty of Lisbon .
It is simply barefaced cheek ...
This regulation establishes a procedure for the negotiation and conclusion of bilateral agreements between Member States and third countries .
I voted for the Annual Report on Human Rights in the World 2008 .
You only have to look at the contents of the resolution on the situation in Palestine to see the extent to which it is an unacceptable exercise in hypocrisy and cynicism by a majority in Parliament with regard to human rights ( in the world ) .
This report looks at the Treaty of Lisbon 's impact on the development of the EU 's institutional balance .
Instead of burying the Lisbon Treaty once and for all , the EP is again adopting a resolution which glorifies the anti-democratic institutional balance of the European Union proposed in the resolution , concealing the fact that , among many other examples , this : transfers sovereign powers from the Portuguese people to the EU 's supranational institutions , dominated by the major powers , an example of which is the management of the marine biological resources in our Exclusive Economic Zone ; extends the application of the majority rule in decision-making , which will reinforce the domination of the major powers and prevent Portugal from vetoing decisions that go against the national interest ; increases the removal of authority from the national democratic institutions ( the only ones which directly result from the democratic will of the people ) , an example of which is the transfer of powers from the national parliaments , which are losing the power to make decisions in fundamental areas and which are becoming a kind of advisory body without the right to veto Community decisions that go against national interests .
It is also one of the many initiatives aiming to impose this unacceptable draft Treaty .
I voted for the report on the implementation of the citizens ' initiative .
This resolution is characterised by its absurdity