During the war in Kosovo , I experienced just how much weight Europe can bring to bear in terms of possibilities for shaping situation by political means , and in terms of possibilities for pursuing a preventative foreign policy , a preventative peace policy , and for resolving a conflict when the conflict has worsened .
The UN is stronger today as a result of this conflict , and this is one of the effects of Europe 's role during this conflict .
If enlargement occurs , the question of the Union 's ability to act will be absolutely central .
Applause Unfortunately , I have no option but to grade the German Presidency as overall 'unsatisfactory ' for the first six months of this year .
However , it is equally important to achieve increased and more rapid growth .
It is illegal .
What happened to you in Bonn was a diktat from the German Chancellor Gerhard Schröder Applause , heckling The Treaty states : the governments of the Member States shall nominate the other individuals they intend to appoint in agreement with the President-designate .
Mr President , I support your contention that we the European Parliament and the Commission have equal responsibility for this European Union .
We will , though , in the interests of our citizens , be looking at each individual Commissioner extremely thoroughly .
The European Union is , as we are all aware , the largest donor .
Working in conjunction with KFOR , UNMIG and UNHCR , these projects were prioritised and they are to supplement the on-going work undertaken by the humanitarian organisations .
However , the Council decided conclusively on Monday this week that the agency 's seat should be in Thessaloniki .
Mr President , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , Mr Commissioner , I should first like to offer my warmest congratulations to the Finnish Presidency , Madam Foreign Minister and her colleagues on their lucid and precisely-formulated programme , which may not be one imbued with great vision , but which is nevertheless very forward-looking .
Yes , there is a road that leads to Europe and there is also a road that leads to the European Union for Turkey , and the same rules apply to Turkey as apply to Latvia , Bratislava and Slovenia .
However , I am convinced that Thessaloniki is the best location for the headquarters of the Stability Pact for South-Eastern Europe .
He was not permitted to be in Greece .
One thing is for sure ; this statute will not be drawn up by the press , be it the Swedish press , the British press , the Dutch press or that of any other country .
They are certainly right when they say that Mr Martin Bangemann , in his own inimitable manner , has succeeded in permanently damaging not only the reputation of the Commission and the Parliament but also the European ideal itself .
Of course , simply signing a Code of Conduct wo n't make any difference .
Unfortunately , the Commission was only informed of the problem by the Belgian authorities on 27 May , but we immediately implemented a whole range of measures with a view to safeguarding the health of humans and animals .
In connection with this , I would now like to cover certain issues which have already been discussed in Parliament and which will continue to be discussed .
Secondly , we wish to establish maximum dioxin values for oils and fats as well as mixed animal feed products to which oils and fats are added .
To this end , the competent services of the Commission have been in regular contact with third countries and we used the WTO/SPS plenary session which took place on 7 and 8 July to report in detail on the current situation and the relevant legal documents .
Other problems persist of course , but the Commission 's services are endeavouring to co-operate closely with those parties responsible at a national level , and we want to resolve the issues outstanding as quickly as possible .
As far as I am concerned , it is a criminal act which is driving farmers in my constituency to ruin .
He said at certain points that the Council was concerned that the dioxin crisis has shown that its effects concern the Union as a whole and that the Council wants to act decisively and responsibly .
So what lessons can be drawn from this ?
This is something that is definitely needed .
In this way , we can bring about an improved system within the Commission which is also under the control of the Commission .
And are they efficient ?
Therefore , we all have a responsibility .
I would like to briefly add to certain points that have been raised .
In some of these clay minerals , increased dioxin values were actually found .
The safety requirements must be satisfied for every foodstuff ; there can be no compromise on this .
I consider this to be an unheard of sequence of events if no appropriate submission was forthcoming .
With bombastic Schröder maxims , the Federal Government going it alone , unauthorised and arbitrary personnel decisions à la Hombach and through rough behaviour instead of sensitivity , there has been absolutely nothing to write home about , either at a national or at a European level .
Nevertheless , or precisely because of this , it is important that consumer safety is safeguarded by the Member States and the European Union .
Madam President , I would like to ask that the results of the votes be displayed on the indicator board for at least ten seconds so that in future they can be noted down .
I just want to point out that in the Minutes from last Friday , one of my interventions was not properly reproduced .
This is certainly not the case .
The