increase , and political and economic crises — including in the field of immigration and security — will only increase and ultimately it will be a lack of reform that brings instability .
We must enhance , at the same time as reforming , the Euro-Mediterranean process ; we must stress the fundamental idea that inspired it and , in this case , transform potential achievements into a tangible reality .
Let us also consider that we need a Euro-Mediterranean area of freedom , security and justice , let us accompany the free trade area with the essential concept of economic , social and territorial cohesion , which is as valid for our partners as it is for us , and let us also promote political participation .
But I would like to mention some of the problems we have faced , one in particular : I would like to express my concern and disapproval at the way in which the Conference of Presidents has dealt with the recent very important special report by Mr Diamandouros .
Since the amendments presented were supported by my colleagues in the Committee on Petitions , they are now part of the report that will be presented to the House .
I am therefore glad that common sense has finally prevailed and I am pleased that today we are not just debating , but also approving , I hope , an important resolution .
My long political experience , particularly in foreign policy , has taught me that it is not always those who shout the loudest or pass the most forceful resolutions who achieve the best results .
We are talking today about a serious and worrying situation , relating to the violation of the human rights of the Saharawi people : their rights to free expression , to demonstrate and to freedom of movement , of which we have become aware over recent months both via human rights organisations and via the media .
That is why I believe it is so important that we establish political objectives that clearly define the guarantees , so that the services we are talking about can become as widespread as possible , but , above all , for the benefit of the citizens , of the consumers and also , of course , economic development .
Commissioner , on the orders of the public prosecutor , the police on the island of Mallorca are investigating the illegal transportation of prisoners ; it has taken great efforts to do so , but nevertheless , all of the police investigations are moving in exactly the same direction as previous journalistic investigations .
The very credibility of the European Union as an area of freedom , security and justice is at stake .
Nevertheless , you are very well aware – the Commission is very well aware – that that decision guarantees you a new dispute with the producer countries of the ‘dollar area ’ within the WTO almost immediately if that tariff exceeds their expectations .
At that time , the comments of certain officials , and your own comments , Commissioner , showed the same perplexity and disappointment that you have expressed today .
The Union therefore gave the banana sector special treatment , almost favourable treatment , and this is even more justified today , because this fruit is only grown in the European Union’s outermost regions .
I would like to point out that banana production in the European Union is currently significant , that thousands of European Union families living in the outermost regions live from it and that , if banana production were to disappear , we would be abandoning some of Europe’s islands to their fate , despite the fact that , although they are far away , they are as European as the place from which I am speaking at this moment .
Until last year , the Peoples ’ Party was in power in Spain and until a few months ago , before its expulsion by the Head of the Government , it was in power in the Canary Islands .
The question I wanted to ask is whether , until that time , the Peoples ’ Party had been doing anything differently to the current governments of Spain and the Canary Islands .
Well , for our House , for our officials who have to take decisions , it is highly demoralising .
More of the same .
It is not here : this really is scandalous , because the Council spends 4 out of every 5 euros but is not even attending this presentation of the accounts .
The objective was to help the Court to publish a positive Statement of Assurance .
You have said that this Regulation may be our only opportunity .
Today , this week , we have the opportunity to do so .
I hope that the great majority of this House supports them .     Mr President , I would like to thank Mr Sacconi , the coordinators and the rapporteurs for the immense efforts they have made , but also the whole of the technical team and the officials , all of whom have allowed us to reach an agreement on such a complex issue .
Thirdly , REACH is entirely founded upon the recognition of science and the value of science and of studies , which guarantees objectivity for the future and also opens the doors to information for citizens and companies .
Secondly , a tax on air tickets and on aviation fuels would harm States of an island or peninsular nature .
Furthermore , we have achieved a text that strengthens the Community method , while also providing sufficient subsidiary flexibility , so that the most urgent cases can be dealt with while taking the citizens closely into account , but within a rigorous framework of Community guarantees .
