these small differences are established .
It is a legal framework that is not limited to this type of tax measures .
Those Members who have tried - and are still trying - to change the rapporteur 's text with their amendments are upholding legitimate interests - there is no doubt of that - but interests linked especially to the tobacco , alcoholic beverage and spirits lobbies , which do not now coincide with the interests of the Canary Islanders , the vast majority of whom have , through their legitimate representatives , declared their position along the lines of the Marques report .
In the common position , just over half were accepted either as they stood or at least in spirit .
I hope it will not be a wasted effort , because a thinker from my country used to say that wasted effort leads to melancholy , and at this time of night I do not want to get melancholic .
I believe this debate is important enough to deserve his presence here today .
We are aware that the ICES and the Scientific and Technical Committee on Fisheries do not agree , and they again brought up the review of current hake reports at Lisbon and Copenhagen .
I call on it to review the proposal for hake , since the industry that depends on it demands more transparency , more participation , more dialogue , more objectivity and more reliability before it will accept the proposals that the Commission puts before us .
First of all , because overfishing is not the only cause of stock depletion : the indiscriminate catching of species for fishmeal production interrupts the food chain for cod and hake and to a great extent causes the situation both species are going through .
It must be remembered too that the TAC for hake was cut by 51 % between 1999 and 2001 .
This socio-economic consequence should be a good enough reason to make us think , but there are other reasons too : the proposal is based on an alleged scientific study , but by November 2001 the Scientific , Technical and Economic Committee for Fisheries was pointing out that the precautionary points of reference used by the International Council for the Exploration of the Sea were not currently valid and , besides , recommended that they should be reviewed immediately .
It is proposed that synthetic alcohol should also be included in these measures , especially with regard to statistics .
This report talks mainly about the most vulnerable road users ; I would therefore have liked motorcyclists to have been explicitly mentioned as well as pedestrians and cyclists , since they are just as vulnerable .
This would not happen with a legislative process , because , although it would take longer , it would maintain stricter parliamentary control .
There is also a contradiction in the Stihler report , as in her explanatory statement the rapporteur herself recognises this quantity of 165 000 tonnes as being 'too high " ( Biomass Targets ) and in her conclusions she says that " a relaxation in the targets for hake [ ? ] should be allowed " .
" Whereas the European Parliament nonetheless regrets that some participants have not agreed to join this agreement and invites all the Congolese parties to take responsibility and to respect the framework established in the Lusaka agreements and the United Nations resolutions " .
Mr President , the trial conducted against 140 citizens in Equatorial Guinea is a sham that the European Union cannot keep quiet about .
In that country there are people of unquestionable bravery and convictions who undoubtedly represent a better future for their people .
I therefore think that the work of people such as Onbam Ndong and Plácido Mikó should be highlighted , as they are doing important work , the latter as the secretary of the Convergence for Social Democracy party .
In this sense , democratic conditionality , used in a constructive manner , is a key tool in the European Union 's development policy .
Our Group therefore supports this position , in agreement with all of the democratic opposition forces I mentioned , who want a different Belarus .
We should think not only about the harsh conditions under which prisoners condemned to death live , but also that there are 70 prisoners in South Korea and more than 50 prisoners in Taiwan who are still awaiting the death penalty .
These shortcomings have been highlighted in the report by the Commission 's Food and Veterinary Office , which points out these serious defects in the inspections of imported food and animals .
Mr President , in paragraph 5 , after 'civil society ? , the following paragraph should be added : 'regrets that the opposition parties ( UDP , FONUS , PALU and MNC/L ) , and the other parties and platforms representing civil society , have not signed the agreement of 19 April ? .
Furthermore , we must take advantage of these restrictions on heavy goods traffic to ensure that drivers enjoy a minimum period of uninterrupted rest .
These problems do not just distort the image of the sector , but they are real problems which may become worse as a result of enlargement .
It therefore still falls to the Member States to impose restrictions of differing durations on all roads outside this network which include the other national roads .
We believe that this shows an excessive degree of inflexibility which cannot be accepted and that the comitology system is adequate and that it maintains and offers guarantees to everybody .
We are not talking about total harmonisation , but rather a minimum degree of harmonisation of the rules on traffic restrictions on the Trans-European Networks which guarantee appropriate freedom of movement of goods within the Union , which is essential to the economic development and economic activity of our countries .
