on today is of crucial importance in terms of clarifying the European Union 's position on the peace process and on human rights in Nepal .
They are suffering discrimination when compared to other groups of teachers and other public administration departments .
Fortunately , the final declaration of Beijing + 10 reaffirms the Beijing Platform for Action in full .
In this regard , I would like to mention today in particular the 53 measures approved last Friday by my country ’s – Spain’s - Socialist government , aimed at promoting equality between men and women .     Mr President , we are marking this day , 8 March , this year with the continuing follow-up to the Beijing Platform , following the meeting in New York .
The woman is the basis of the family and any affront to women is a direct affront to the family , the basis of our society .     Mr President , I would like to begin by expressing my generally negative view of the report presented by Mrs Figueiredo , since its content runs counter to the economic and social policy advocated by the Group of the European People’s Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats .
As the High-Level Group chaired by Wim Kok has recognised , the problem stems from the lack of commitment on the part of some Member States to the reforms necessary for implementing strategies , rather than the strategy itself .
It provides access to a market larger than the 450 million people who live in it , which may become even larger with the incorporation of two new Member States .
For reasons of legal certainty , good administration and legitimate confidence , it appears appropriate to guarantee that the countries not included on the list can continue temporarily to enjoy the advantages they had been receiving , until the end of the present year .
The report has dealt with other future aspects , such as the preservation of the basis for calculation , the extension of sensitive products and taking account of the interests of the ACP countries that are not capable of concluding an EPA.
It is clear that one of the most obvious conclusions must be the withdrawal of Syrian forces from Lebanon , which must be immediate and must also include the secret services .
Every holiday period — and it will soon be Easter — there are enormous traffic jams , because within 25 km on the French side and 25 km on the Spanish side there are six obligatory stops for motorway tolls .
Following the imminent entry into force of the new system of generalised preferences ( SGP) , it will perhaps be necessary to carry out a prompt assessment in order to ascertain the scope of the modifications introduced , and Parliament 's control function is going to be extremely important in relation to complex issues , such as the practical application of rules of origin .
I therefore believe it would be extremely appropriate for the Commission , once the round has finished , to produce a report on the possible impact of those agreements on the SGP and to propose appropriate measures to guarantee that the system is fully effective .
We are aware that further amending budgets that will arise during the year will cause rather more difficulty .
In response to the question of whether this is an overly-ambitious objective , the answer is no .
Thirdly , we need to encourage entrepreneurship by reducing fiscal and administrative burdens .
We need to be defining Europe now in line with the mandate of the current Commission and of this House .
In terms of prevention , they want to slacken and break the rules to the point where – as one German Social Democrat has said – there are no absolute rules .
How much you are willing to concede will determine our future credibility , our economic strength , and will affect whether or not we avoid the economic crisis I anticipate in the coming years .     – Whether or not this has been formally discussed , the fact remains that Otto Schily and Rita Verdonk have raised an objection .
If we want to meet the objectives of the Lisbon Strategy and the Barcelona Summit and to reflect the recommendations made in the Kok Report , the Seventh Framework Programme must include a clear and proportionate increase in resources within the scope of the new financial perspectives .
Why is this ?
For example , we see that the Structural Funds rules would need to be changed in order to finance Natura 2000 , but the Structural Funds are based on statistics rather than qualitative terms , as is the case with Natura 2000 .
The Socialist Group is therefore supporting the compromise solution agreed in the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Food Safety .
The Natura 2000 network is one of the best moves made since the Union 's inception .
You explained the reasons why it is necessary very well in your speech .
With regard to the external element of the proposal , the ‘Everything but Arms ’ ( EBA ) initiative should include quantitative instruments for controlling imports similar to those that already exist for ACP countries .
In my view , the draft resolution of the European Parliament 's Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development must be seen as a document of minimums , which should provide the basis for the negotiations within the Council of Ministers of the European Union .
Neither is leaving it to the States to decide whether or not to promote this type of production the best solution .
We believe that the action plan that we are voting on today is a first step and an opportunity for debate , but it is a weak and unambitious step