to produce an action plan containing measures that take account of the best interests of the children .
The issue of solidarity and division of responsibility will be dealt with in the Stockholm Programme .
Some form of solidarity mechanism needs to be developed to be able to help those Member States that find themselves under particular pressure and that receive a disproportionate number of asylum seekers .
At the same time , we must be clear that we need a comprehensive approach that is sustainable in both the short and the long term .
In this connection , the Asylum Support Office will have an important role to play .
This is one aspect that the majority of Member States would like to see reflected in the Stockholm Programme .
The link between the EU 's internal work on justice and home affairs and the Union 's external relations has become more and more important to enable progress to be made , and not only within asylum and migration policy .
We are now at the end of a very intensive period of negotiation and the programme will hopefully be adopted in a couple of weeks ' time .
Mrs Ask and I are looking forward to increased cooperation with the European Parliament .
Mr President , thank you for all of your points of view .
I am pleased to hear that , because the work has been ambitious , but also practical in that we wanted to combine the vision with a pragmatic approach to how to improve things from the perspective of the citizens .
Today 's debate has been a little bit confused - if I may say so - as some people have been referring to the Stockholm Programme but they were really talking about the interesting proposal for a resolution that you will debate and take a decision on in Parliament , in other words , your views on the draft that the Presidency has tabled .
However , to the Member who thought that he had an old document , I can say that we have always presented the most recent draft on the Presidency 's website .
Those Members who wish to keep up to date and see what is happening with this and also how your debate affects the final result should , of course , ensure that they obtain the documents that we publish .
The ten of you who did not have the opportunity to present your views here are very welcome to email me or Mr Billström .
I look forward to the resolution and its outcome , as I detect a lot of support for some of the views , nuances and emphases that the resolution contains .
Those are typical examples of a lack of trust in one another 's legal systems .
That is why I am so very pleased that we have been able to take the first step in strengthening procedural rights in order to guarantee that anyone who is suspected of a crime or is a victim of a crime and is involved in a legal process in Europe will now actually receive help with translation and interpretation .
I would like to say that this is a very clear section , which makes high demands .
Many people mentioned subsidiarity .
I do not think that we are taking away the rights of the nation states , but instead we are providing an added value that could benefit all citizens .
He also compared what we are working on in this area with the situation in the former East Germany and in the communist states that used to exist in Europe .
The fact is that the information strategy that we want the EU to draw up balances a methodical and effective exchange of information with stringent requirements for the protection of privacy and secure data management , but also the requirement for information not to be retained for a long period .
The programme contains a lot of very tangible and practical elements , but the real work starts now .
This will involve a lot of time pressure and a lot of stress , but also great challenges and great opportunities to make a difference .
Thank you very much for your views and , as I said , please use the internet if you want to contact the Presidency in the coming days .
I would also like to thank the chairmen of the three committees , the Committee on Constitutional Affairs , the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Committee on Civil Liberties , Justice and Home Affairs , for their very constructive cooperation on these matters .
One word that has , of course , come up time and again in the political talks on asylum and migration issues in recent years has been solidarity .
That is one of the reasons why there is no specific section on solidarity in the Stockholm Programme .
Mrs Keller mentioned this in her speech .
It is a problem that requires several different types of measure .
Based on everything that has been said here today , I also think that it is important to point out that the Treaty of Lisbon really will bring about a genuine and important change .
Mr President , like my colleague Mrs Ask , I would like to finish by saying that you are more than welcome to send your opinions to us by e-mail if you did not have an opportunity to present them here today .
The rule of law and respect for human rights and the fundamental freedoms are fundamental principles for cooperation within the European Union .
With regard to the rights of asylum seekers , I would like to draw your attention to the basic aim of cooperation on asylum .
