all realistic to expect results , presumably also because certain members of the EU Commission have begun to refer to the summit meeting as a kind of study group .
This also comes through in the Danish debate where , among other things , the Danish Prime Minister thinks that the goalposts have been moved by getting a section on employment included in the new Union treaty .
This applies to social and labour market policy and to employment policy .
It is thus reasonable to ask oneself the following question : will there be any benefit to employment at all ?
My answer is definitely no .
In an earlier employment report by Ken Coates , there are calculations which show that if the EMU is carried through to deadline it will actually mean 2.1 million more unemployed people in the European Union .
Nor do I find it in the debate we are having here today .
Is this really what the unemployed want ?
There , across broad sectors of the Danish trade union movement , people entirely dissociate themselves from the flexibilization currently taking place in the labour market , spurred on by the European Union .
However , setting a few minimum unemployment rates is recommended .
The report shows quite clearly how , in the EU , one step after the other is being taken in a particular direction .
This has happened in rapid succession just since the summit meeting in Essen , and when this report proposes common minimum incomes and common minimum wages , you are moving out onto a slippery slope which will not do for either this Parliament , the Commission or the populations within the European Union .
We must cure ourselves of that .
I am sure that van Velzen 's report is good for a social democratic government in Holland ; but it will not work in my country , nor in several other countries , because the problems are different .
There must be debate and clarification in the national parliaments .
Let us concentrate on what the Union can do , namely stable frameworks , common currency , market access , research , innovation .
The EU must tackle what is most important for the populations of Europe , namely employment and hence the defence of the welfare society .
Treaties do not themselves solve problems .
The many proposals and good intentions must lead to action .
We changed our financial policy by reorganizing our tax system and through comprehensive reform of the labour market - things which have made Denmark today the European job-creation champion .
We have carried out tax reform which was the beginning of lower taxation of labour and higher taxation on consumption of resources .
We have chosen a strategy which invests in training people and not in passivity .
We have in Denmark come a long way towards both higher employment and order in public finance , while at the same time preserving a socially responsible community and taking account of the environment .
In job creation we in Europe must invest in training , research and quality , and thereby improve our competitiveness in relation to non-EU countries .
The Danish effort would have had even greater effect if a corresponding kick-start of the economy had taken place everywhere in Europe .
Good luck with the summit meeting in November !
The debate on supply and demand must be based upon a number of facts .
We have established free competition ; we have liberalizations over a wide range of areas .
At the same time , a very wide variety of traditions exist which must be taken into account in the different countries .
In the report a new role for the Commission within the supply sector is mentioned .
The Commission will be able to impose penalties with a delaying effect and to suspend supply .
A change of this kind will conflict with the subsidiarity principle .
The decisive factor within this area is that the Member States set up national and regional control authorities .
I am thinking here not only of actual appeal bodies , but also of a supervisory authority such as we know from countries such as Denmark , Sweden and Holland .
There has to be room for environmental and other quality requirements , for public sector supply .
The opinion of the European Parliament is playing a big role in the debate on public demand , and I think that with this report we have made a good contribution to the discussion within this sphere .
He has been very receptive to the various political views in this area .
Unfortunately , there are many countries - as we have also heard in the debate here - which have not yet implemented the existing directives , and this is a huge problem .
It is necessary , therefore , in order to obtain better conditions of competition and with a view to completion of the internal market , that the Commission should look at the implementation and execution of the directives .
Another thing which I would very much like to emphasize is the importance of there being no doubt about the interpretation of the directives .
The Commission should for this reason consider a more uniform formulation of the directives in future revisions , thereby excluding the ambiguity .
The Commission must , of course , keep an effective check on the directives and firms must have better opportunities to complain .
But what happens when a public sector supplier breaks the rules ?
No!
We must tackle this problem and I would like to invite the Commission to take a look at sanctions .
I think the supplier must be allowed to impose environmental requirements in all parts of the production cycle and not only for the finished characteristics of the product .
