I am committed to making my contribution to European parliamentary democracy .
If you want a strong Commission that sometimes stands up to Member States and to national egoisms , you should give the Commission the strong support it needs .
How can one fail to be delighted that , on the two issues of major concern to Europeans - the crisis and climate change - Europe is finally on the front line ?
This is what counts : the programme that the candidate presents , the one that he presents now in its broad outlines , then the detailed programme , which will be presented towards the end of the year , I hope , when the Commission is finalised .
We may fall into economic stagnation , as is the case in Japan , where they have been waiting for growth for 10 to 15 years .
The reason why Mr Barroso must stay is because everything is changing , and he is the stability in a changing world .
No, but stop , stop , Mr Barroso!
Mr Barroso , explain something to me .
Over the next two months , Mr Barroso will have to form his Commission .
I shall try to respond quickly to a large number of questions .
I will say it again , in particular for the benefit of the Members of the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance : one can always be more ambitious but , frankly , I believe that we should welcome the fact that the European Union , acting on the basis of a Commission proposal , is spearheading the fight against climate change .
We Europeans must therefore reject protectionism and , at the same time , must promote the European social dialogue model , the European social security model .
When I hear certain 'declinists ' - the 'crisis-lovers ' - say that it is now the Americans and the Chinese who are controlling everything , I say to them : be that as it may , but what is President Obama doing ?
We reacted with concrete proposals .
There will be another commissioner - because we must also be serious about this , we must also see that there are problems to do with insecurity in Europe and that there are things that we can do together with the added value of Europe - who will also look at other issues , but always with the same spirit : the spirit of security , with full respect shown for individual freedoms and with full respect shown for fundamental rights .
The Lisbon Strategy , which some criticise , was actually heading in the right direction , overall .
I believe , in fact , that we can find a fundamental line of agreement on this .
What is the point of handing over the leadership to Dubai ?
Yet Europe is not built with ideal candidates .
Some say : ' You are too close to the governments ' .
We want a number of the G20 's elements and commitments to be formalised .
We are counting on you to make sure that it is not only the large States that make their voices heard , but that the whole of the European Union and the whole of the internal market are defended .
I can genuinely assure you , here , that the Commission will , of course , continue to keep Parliament constantly informed of the progress of this matter .
We propose amendments to reinforce the demands that the European Parliament has a duty to make .
He did not measure up to the task when the financial , economic and social crisis occurred .
Secondly , the inadequacy of his response to the conditions set by the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament : providing neither a genuine recovery plan , nor a pact for employment , no regulation , supervision or effective instruments to correct the imbalances in the financial markets , and making not one commitment concerning a framework directive protecting public services .
Like 381 of my fellow Members , I supported Mr Barroso 's appointment as head of the Commission .
Although the vote on the President of the European Commission is secret , I would like to express publicly my support for the candidate from our political family , José Manuel Barroso , and sincerely to congratulate him on his re-election .
Finally , I have also advocated mobilisation of the EU Solidarity Fund , a fund that today is blocked by the Council even though it is needed desperately .
The goal is , in fact , to obtain visa exemptions for citizens of Macedonia , Serbia and Montenegro on 1 January 2010 .
Therefore , the decision to include certain countries in this liberalisation of visa requirements is based on the merits of each individual country .
It is important , this Europe of values .
Therefore , I would really like to reassure you and to tell you that this is part of a process that we have planned and that the Council has willingly accepted .
In areas that fall under the umbrella of Community competences , the European Union , as well as the Member States when they implement Union law , are required to respect fundamental rights .
This being so , everything that has been said previously and in the course of the debate shows that matters need to be assessed better at national level , in this case in Lithuania .
It should also put in place a safety net to guarantee a remunerative price so that the price never falls below the production costs .
On the basis of the report by my Italian fellow Member Paolo De Castro , I voted for the proposal for a Council regulation derogating from the regulation on common market organisation ( CMO ) as regards the