from Europe .
We are today debating an attempt to turn rhetoric and fine words , to which we have in fact been devoting ourselves for many years , into concrete measures .
Setting the limit at 10 years of age may even worsen the situation for children who are just 10 years old , because demand for these children will then increase dramatically .
During my time as a member of the EU' s Council of Agriculture Ministers it has been clear that matters concerning animal welfare have come up on the agenda with increasing frequency and taken up increasing amounts of time .
The ethical aspects of livestock farming must guide our decisions in the area of agricultural policy to a greater extent in future .
How animals are treated is also a matter of people ' s attitudes and values .
These must be integrated to a greater extent into future decisions concerning livestock farming .
The Member States pointed out that animals are sentient beings that must be treated well .
They must be treated with respect , and consideration is to be given to their health and welfare .
Improved animal welfare which guarantees healthier animals often has crucial economic benefits .
Mad cow disease , foot-and-mouth disease and unacceptable animal transport are just some of the matters that make the need for change clear .
For example , it is important that provisions that are adopted are also implemented in practice .
The report was presented and discussed at the Council of Ministers in January .
The purpose is to ask the Commission to provide suggestions for provisions to improve animal transport .
Such footage clearly shows that provisions are not being implemented and are also a source of disgust on the part of our citizens .
The proposal concerns improved ventilation in the road vehicles used for transporting animals for over eight hours .
We very much appreciate the rapporteur ' s , Mr Busk ' s , work on this proposal .
This should allow a clear signal to be given by both the European Parliament and the Council that we see animal welfare as a priority matter .
Naturally , we will continue to show consideration for animals because our legislation demands it .
Moreover , it is my personal conviction that our human dignity bids us accept our responsibility for animals .
Mr President , I also welcome the statements from both the Council and the Commission .
Animal ethics is about much more than mere rules .
At this conference , it emerged that there is no overall supervision whatsoever of the EU' s animal transport directives , nor any checks on whether they are being observed .
Now we have been given an answer from the Commission to the question that I put .
Mr President , I would ask to be allowed to comment on some of what has been said here in the debate .
Why do we send calves from Sweden to Holland ?
In Holland , they are reared by a different method than in Sweden .
Naturally , we must realise that if we want to have good animal welfare - and if we are to have quality rather than quantity in future agricultural production and policy - then there will be a price to pay .
There is also cause to think about this as we gradually draw up a new agricultural policy .
Mr Kindermann spoke about the responsibility that man has .
Mr van den Bos provided the most far-reaching contribution of any of us here .
It is of course easy to put forward all these demands , but we must also remember that it costs money .
In other words , we would then also have to reject all types of export subsidies for these animals .
The Commission has a responsibility to ensure that supervision in the various countries is good .
Opinions may differ on this , and I think that we should have a different starting point .
The day we find a marker vaccine is the day we will be able to start mass vaccination with a view to prevention .
This conference will hopefully be held during the autumn .
In this connection , I would remind you of the Commission ' s White Paper on this issue , which states , for example , that it is hoped to develop test methods that minimise the number of animals used in animal experiments .
This responsibility devolves in the first instance upon the various countries themselves , and then the Commission supervises the countries .
No, perhaps they are not prepared to pay through higher prices .
Let me once again stress how important it is that the European Parliament produce an opinion in respect of a new directive on pig keeping , and I am very pleased to have Mr Whitehead ' s support on this matter .
It is important that it is kept alive so that the matter of man ' s relationship with animals develops over time .
Mr President , I would like to say that I was here yesterday .
I arrived at Parliament at 6 p.m. yesterday but unfortunately did not sign the attendance register because I was busy .
I would also like to emphasise the unanimity in the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Policy .
If we have open borders , which we are to have within the Union , and a free flow of goods , it is naturally important that food can also flow freely .
Possibly in the future it will also be necessary to introduce sanctions .
In the long run I do not believe that the European Union will escape , we must have a sanction system at EU level .
However , once this step is taken , the issue must not be forgotten