We must therefore strengthen the pact , the framework for budgetary surveillance and our instruments for economic governance .
Does this require a debate ?
In any event , the touchstone of the discussion must not be whether or not an article , an item or a paragraph of a regulation should be changed .
What action are we going to take ?
I was very pleased , Mr Nicolaï , to hear you say that the Ministers are going to deal with this issue .
I therefore believe , Mr Barrot , that the Commission must consider what it is going to do on this issue .
I believe it is very important to send a clear political signal of where we are , because the European Constitution is very important for the future of Europe and , therefore , all of us – the institutions of the Union and the Member States – must stand together in order to win this battle as well .     Mr President , I too am glad that you are here , though I am naturally not surprised , because we in this House are lucky enough to be headed by somebody who in the Convention , as a member of that Convention , worked courageously to achieve the very Constitution whose ratification by the people we are trying to achieve .
And there are only two ways of doing this .
Furthermore , as Mr Tajani will point out , the reference to the return of the body of Mr Enzo Baldoni in paragraph 2 has been omitted .
The European Union must continue to isolate the Rangoon regime , making clear to its neighbours that we condemn it as one of the most horrendous regimes in Asia and in the whole world .
I would also like to wish all of you every success , and I hope that through the work of everybody , of all the institutions working together , we can realise the dream we all share : a better Europe at the service of the citizens and also a better Europe at the service of the world .
Some of these points seemed perhaps to have been forgotten or to have been put to sleep , but fortunately , thanks to that meeting of the Quartet on 22 September , they seem to have recovered their place in people’s hearts .
How can we stop it ?
I would , therefore , like to express my total condemnation of this attack which made sense to the terrorists : to try to destabilise a country , Egypt , which is cooperating in the peace process in an admirable way .
Until this happens , it will be more difficult to combat terrorism , to control the situation in terms of terrorism , peace and order in the occupied territories .
Over the coming weeks , therefore , it is very likely that we will see new political realignments in Israel , which may even lead to the formation of a new coalition government .
To say these things about the meaning of disengagement from Gaza , the meaning of a complete and utter rejection of the road map , which the Israeli Government has endorsed , seems to me to be something we must condemn in the clearest possible terms .
We shall defend it from the beginning to the end and we will not be in agreement with anybody who does not defend it from the beginning to the end .
Secondly , reforms .
Fourthly , and finally , I believe we must work seriously on the electoral process .
All of these issues remain open and have not been closed .
Mr President , the situation – as I have said – is sad and frustrating for those who have dedicated so many hours of their lives to trying to find a path to peace .
I have two proposals : to pursue and support the proposal to provide all the resources necessary to create a normal and transparent election process in Palestine so that Sharon can no longer use the argument that there is no legitimate and valid interlocutor on the Palestinian side , but also , in view of the insulting disregard Sharon has shown not only for human rights but also for international law , rather than continuing to export arms to Israel – as no small number of European countries have been doing over recent years , of which I would mention Austria , Belgium , France , Germany , Greece , Italy , Spain and the United Kingdom , amongst others – I believe the time has come for the European Union to take much more determined measures in order to put pressure on the current Israeli Government , and I would not rule out the possibility of cancelling the association agreement .
We have practically reached rock bottom .
Equally unacceptable to me is Point 2 of the conclusions of the Foreign Relations Council of 11 October , which I believe once again displays blatant double standards .
And I believe we have heard quite enough speeches .
That is what we are going to try to do .
Will there be sufficient votes to do so ?
The irrational approach would take a different view .
There is no question that the issue of Iraq , of Iran and all the issues the honourable Member has raised are priorities on our agenda .
We have spent five years together .
I am going to restrict myself to two comments on what this new stage in the development of the European policing area of freedom and justice may mean .
Like Mr Vitorino , I believe that today it is Islamist terrorism and that , in