I shall conclude my report on the various expenditure areas with expenditure area 7 , relating to pre-accession aid .
The appropriations for payments have , however , been adjusted downwards by EUR 300 million .
This must be seen in the light of the preceding years ' underutilisation of the appropriations .
All in all , I am pleased to be able to state that the Council draft budget for 2003 contains sufficient funds to cover the EU 's various priorities , as well as taking account of the agreements and common understandings we reached at the first consultation meeting in July .
The prior conditions are present for our being able to obtain a satisfactory budget by the end of the year .
The agreements and common understandings we reached at the meeting on 19 July are a positive sign that we have the will to reach agreement .
I am also certain that we shall not forget that , in the last analysis , the EU budget is funded by the citizens of Europe .
The debate occurs at a time when growing international attention is being paid to Iraq , and the situation is one about which practically all the media are speculating on a daily basis , this morning too , as we have no doubt all seen .
Historically , Iraq has contributed to the region in many ways , and the Iraqi refugees who at present live in Europe mostly make positive contributions to the countries in which they live .
In 1990 , the Iraqi regime chose , however , to invade the small defenceless neighbouring country of Kuwait .
A broad coalition of countries from all around the world stood shoulder to shoulder in repelling this aggression .
Iraq agreed , among other things , to give up all its weapons of mass destruction and long-range missiles .
Unfortunately , the Iraqi regime has chosen over the last 12 years not to cooperate fully in phasing out the country 's weapons of mass destruction and long-range missiles .
Through Resolution 1284 of December 1999 , the Security Council set up a new supervisory committee , UNMOVIC ( United Nations Monitoring , Verification and Inspection Committee ) to replace UNSCOM.
In recent years , UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan has made a sustained effort to convince the Iraqi regime to allow the weapons inspectors to fulfil their task so that Iraq is able to comply with the ceasefire conditions laid down more than ten years ago .
Iraq continues to make new demands and to lay down further conditions and it still refuses to give the weapons inspectors free and unconditional access .
Infant mortality in central and southern Iraq is at present twice as high as in the period before the Gulf War .
Malnutrition is generally more severe .
The school system suffers from a lack of materials , and the infrastructure and water and sewage systems are in urgent need of renovation and development .
The suffering particularly affects the weakest groups - women , children and the poor - together with those groups that do not support Saddam Hussein 's regime .
The EU 's emergency aid programme , ECHO , is the biggest single donor of humanitarian aid to Iraq , but the UN system , the International Red Cross and associated donors are also active in the humanitarian sphere .
The Security Council proposed the 'Oil for Food ' programme as long ago as 1991 but , because of reluctance and delay on the part of Iraq , the programme was not implemented until December 1996 .
Income from the 'Oil for Food ' programme is to be used for food and for medicine and other health sector resources , as well as for materials and supplies for civilian purposes in Iraq , including equipment for maintaining the oil sector .
The UN Security Council is dealing with the international community 's position on the Iraq issue .
The latest contact took place yesterday .
These efforts have not yet produced practical results , however .
The EU 's position is clear and was most recently expressed in a declaration by the Presidency on behalf of the EU on 20 May 2002 , stating that : ' The European Union welcomes the meetings between the Iraqi foreign minister and the Secretary-General of the United Nations , aimed at finding a diplomatic solution to the question of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq , through full implementation of the Security Council Resolutions and compliance by Iraq with its disarmament obligations .
It calls on Iraq to comply with the Resolutions without delay , in particular by agreeing to the return of inspectors to Iraq in accordance with Resolution 1284 .
The European Union welcomes the Security Council 's adoption of Resolution 1409 of 14 May 2002 which significantly eases the United Nations sanctions on Iraq .
Such control remains necessary owing to the continuing concern of the international community regarding the potential use of these goods in mass-destruction or conventional weapons programmes .
There has been much speculation in the international press during the summer about a possible and imminent American attack on Iraq .
That is something quite specific .
That is something we are convinced will happen , if the occasion should arise .
Mr President , there is no doubt that Saddam Hussein is a villain who has committed atrocities against his own and the Kurdish people .
It is worth remembering , however , who it was who helped promote him to high office .
Yesterday 's friends are tomorrow 's enemies .
In the fight against terrorism , we have now become friends with the mullahs of Iran who still to this very day permit the stoning of women .
These are today 's friends .
What would be the consequences of a possible attack on Iraq ?
It is already a very unstable area we are talking about