In all events , a clear answer is required .
About funding the development of the so-called third sector ?
Let me explain myself .
We are in a period , to paraphrase Tolstoy , of ' War or Peace ' and Europe 's confidence in the European Union will also depend on the decisions it takes on political issues .
This confidence , to come back to Lisbon , touches on a series of issues for which , as a number of speakers quite rightly mentioned , there is no institutional basis for progressing as one might perhaps wish .
The second point I noted from the debate and want to highlight is the real need for action .
I should just like to mention employment , because that was one of the main points of Lisbon , and remind you that , during these difficult years , with a recession in 2002 , Europe managed to create 600 000 new jobs and that between 1999 , the year before Lisbon , and 2003 , an estimated 7 000 000 new jobs have been created in Europe .
And that is very , very important .
How to answer the need to strengthen and remove all limits on the market system and , at the same time , strengthen issues to do with employment , the social model or the concept of growth and the concept of sustainable development .
The success of post-war Europe has been built on its ability to find a satisfactory answer to the question of balanced policies .
We can even use it between Member States of the European Union ; but benchmarking between the European Union and other countries is another matter , because no country anywhere in the world has developed the elements that typify and constitute the post-war European development and social model .
So we are forced to proceed in the direction of key factors that currently strengthen the competitive potential of our economy .
Numerous speakers rightly raised issues to do with employment and employment arrangements .
There is a very fine balance between all of them and therein lies the rub , therein lies the concern ; Europe has acted on this concern for years and has managed to find its own answer .
We in Europe have done this , which is why we are critical of other countries which have not signed the Kyoto agreement and so on .
Issues arising from enlargement are important in relation to the Lisbon strategy .
This is one contribution and we want to examine it .
The facts of the matter are very different .
Nor can it confine itself to defending the rights of the developing world , now that the plutocracy has its sights set more firmly than ever on people in the developed world .
( EL ) The spread of illnesses such as HIV/AIDS and epidemics in the developing world has taken on genocidal proportions .
Proclamations about safe transport and environmental protection are cancelled out by the philosophy of all-out , unaccountable competitiveness .
It also supports market access to port services and stresses the need for a uniform taxation and costing policy for transport .
The Commission and the report are indifferent to the impact this policy has and will have on the standard , safety and cost of transport to the general public .
.
The Spring Summit will need to set out new priorities , tailored to the current climate of economic recession and international tension , which include relaxing the Stability Pact criteria , tax incentives to boost labour intensive activities , special incentives to help regions lagging behind in the new technologies , joined-up interventions to upgrade the education system and monitoring the implementation of eEurope objectives in each Member State .
May I say that I do not subscribe to this view .
I should just like to round up a number of recent developments .
Four , President Bush 's announcement of a new Security Council resolution authorising the use of violence .
I should like at this point to emphasise that the Presidency 's basic priority is to work towards a peaceful resolution of this dispute and we hope that efforts by the United Nations will have positive results .
These core conclusions were the main thrust of our demarche to the Iraqi missions in Athens , Brussels and New York .
I refer to the common foreign policy and defence policy .
We also believe that this is a difficult process and will of course take a long time ; on the other hand , however , Europe needs to take a number of decisions today .
They are due to submit their next progress report to the Security Council on 14 February and we await it with serious and evident interest .
However , either way , Europe will need to take an ordered approach to the developments outlined and to formulate a common position which will consolidate its credibility and allow it to play a fundamental role .
What are our expectations of the summit on 17 February ?
To close , ladies and gentlemen , we need to answer the question of whether or not we can achieve convergence .
My reply is that I do not know if we can , but that we must try , we must find a way .
The credibility of the European Union , its interests , its role and its prospects are at stake .
And behind or alongside unity there is solidarity .
Mr President , the problem of Iraq is a Gordian knot which needs to be cut with the greatest possible consensus within the international community .
That is why Saddam Hussein , who has proven how dangerous he is in the past by freely using biological and chemical weapons , including against civilians , needs to cooperate with the international community