of the fifteen Member States .
Terrorism must never be considered to be a way of solving a problem facing an individual or a group , regardless of its nature .
There is , therefore , a greater need today than ever before to adopt measures to fight terrorism by drafting legislative proposals designed to punish such acts .
Under Article 2 of the Europol Convention , terrorism falls within the competence of Europol .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , in conclusion , the Commission agrees with the principles set out in the excellent report by Mr Watson , whom I wish to warmly congratulate , and with the guidelines contained in the draft recommendation that Parliament is considering today .
On the one hand , however , the resolution voted for by a majority of the European Parliament states that " the dignity of the peoples of the candidate countries must never be wounded by insensitive demands from the EU" and the need to correct certain discriminatory aspects that were approved in Nice is acknowledged .
.
Consequently , although I requested a split vote on this matter , I have voted against the paragraph in question .
Although the report suggests some measures for developing systems and adopting protection mechanisms , specifically to protect privacy , in the face of this system - and other , similar ones ... and although it discusses measures of cooperation between Member States , which must take place at judicial level and not be information-gathering measures , on the basis of case-by-case analysis , under the supervision of the courts or even measures for monitoring information systems , particularly by national parliaments , what lies at the heart of all of this is that the system will continue to function and that an EU-level information system could be created and integrated into the CFSP and the CESDP , which is equally unacceptable .
The summit took a number of important decisions .
However , violence disfigures any demonstration , even one held in an honourable cause .
The decisions of the Justice and Home Affairs Council were built upon the existing structures and existing legal instruments , which means that there will be no specific institutions to deal with these issues .
In spite of our efforts and even some achievements over the past forty years , tragic disparities and social injustice remain and we have a long way to go in overcoming them .
Fortunately , public opinion today is increasingly concerned about where the world is going and people recognise that this North-South inequality cannot be tolerated .
Multilateral institutions are the key to harnessing globalisation , but of course we underline that we want to help reform the multilateral organisations , making them more open , more accountable and more democratic .
On trade , there was complete agreement on the need to launch a new round of talks at the ministerial conference in Doha in November .
The purpose of this international fund , which will not be limited to the G8 countries , is to help reduce poverty by dealing with the problem of AIDS , malaria and tuberculosis .
Indeed a joint decision was taken in Genoa to reduce the size of delegations and the summit to be held in Canada next year will be much simpler and - we hope - more effective .
Where agriculture is concerned , we need information on the results that have already been achieved by the last reform of the common agricultural policy ; with regard to the medium-term budgetary impact of the BSE and foot-and-mouth crises and also with regard to the obstacles holding up the rapid establishment of the new food safety authority and even with regard to the prospects for the short and medium-term development of these issues .
Nevertheless , appropriations have been earmarked for the fisheries agreement with Morocco , which we all know will not be concluded , in an attempt to thereby freeze EUR 125 million in a category that is clearly experiencing difficulties .
On the one hand , there are discussions about whether the euro is a good or a bad thing and on the other , 12 % of the 2000 budget remains unused , which alone indicates how important it is for Parliament to take increasingly effective control of the budget ' s implementation .
We are hoping to see a real reform of the Commission and a corresponding increase in efficiency .
This discrimination manifests itself in the application of the principle of relative stability which , for example , grants a country from northern Europe 40 % of catches taken in Community waters , whilst Spain and Galicia receive only 6 % .
Mrs Cederschiöld is therefore right to call for a coherent European strategy which , on the one hand , ensures the freedom of the market and improves the security of information services and infrastructures and , on the other , fights against criminal activities that affect not only the interests of individual citizens but also public interest itself .
This is an issue that concerns the Union ' s relationship with its partners , something that has already been mentioned in this debate .
Three problems have become clear , however , and I should like to hear Commissioner Solbes Mira' s position on them .
The time has come today to present you with some amendments to its statute .
It concerns the possibility for members of the institutions or more specifically , members of the Commission to also be heard by the Ombudsman .
.
This option thereby attempts to protect consumers from being bombarded with unsolicited electronic mails in the form of advertising , except when they have given their consent to receive such mail .
Those are the reasons , in short , that lead me to support the report in full and consequently to vote for it .
