is important to provide swift and adequate compensation for the damage .
It is therefore important for the Agency to be staffed with highly qualified personnel from the Member States .
The future European Safety Agency could also stand to benefit from this .
That is also evident from the discussions we have held on this platform and in the committee .
How often do I read in the paper that one or other incident has occurred .
It is by no means always serious , but still .
Amendment No 5 , in particular , does not promote clarity , but as I said before : I should like to thank the rapporteur , and the liberal group supports the proposals on the whole .
But they are all getting excited about nothing .
Mr President , diversification is the key word for the Commission and the rapporteur with regard to the European Union ' s energy supply .
For example , it could be examined whether a greater surplus capacity in the refineries could offer solace .
Specific national policies are then possible for each energy source .
I should like to thank Mr Byrne for coming up with a proposal at any rate .
In any case , animal welfare may no longer lead to huge differences in terms of competition , and the bill may not always have to be paid by European farmers alone .
I have increasingly noticed that , sometimes , there is definitely a basis for an alliance .
Although I can fully understand his concern for the working population , such concern is short-sighted .
In the peripheral regions too , we must treat the riches of the sea that we have been given sensibly .
Only a well-coordinated campaign by government and trade unions can help put a stop to this .
The further liberalisation is carried , the more it works to the advantage of whoever produces cheapest .
Mr President , President Bush ' s visit to Europe is taking place partly in the context of his plans for a national missile defence system .
The perpetrators of the coup were supported by pro-Kabila troops , who are trying to attack the Congolese rebels from the rear and cut their supply lines .
I am talking about human rights activists , lawyers and judges .
The whole history of huge estates , owned by the capituleros , goes back much further .
In that sense what we do here in the European Parliament is also of great value and significance .
The World Bank did not put almost NLG 4 billion into the oil project lightly .
Mr President , the Socialist Group is also extremely concerned about the unrest that has arisen in Chad since the re-election of Idriss Deby .
Parliament expressed its concerns about the pipeline project as early as January 2000 .
Mr President , honourable Members have highlighted at length the way in which the elections were rigged in Chad .
Voting cards were distributed .
They were sold .
Whenever we go to a West African country , we can see the extent to which French influence is still present there .
Egypt is still far from being a democracy .
Stability means something else besides stripping people of rights .
The Egyptian writers ' union forbids its members to have direct contact with Israel .
Meanwhile the renowned member of the Egyptian writers ' union , the Nobel Prize winner Nagid Mafouz , has protested vehemently against these censorship measures .
A man characterised in the European press as " the internationally infamous and hounded holocaust denier " .
Consequently they are convinced that they will never gain international recognition , and hence opt for massive suppression , in other words mass murder , of their people .
Of course we welcome the fact that statements have recently been made both by President dos Santos and by the leadership of UNITA expressing the intention to start a dialogue .
Of course we must bring swine fever under control , but extermination methods that require mass slaughter are no longer really accepted by public opinion .
The report has nevertheless convinced me that there has been a remarkable development in marker vaccine .
Unfortunately the discussion of the Redondo Jiménez report is ending in an anticlimax .
It would have struck her that almost every field carries a poster reading : 'EU , vaccinate now ! '
There are still some drawbacks associated with those vaccines , but are there none associated with the mass destruction of animals ?
International trade demands meat from non-vaccinated animals .
The flight was once again cancelled .
But unfortunately , I shall have to adhere to my old point of view .
Our main objection to this proposal is that it is diametrically opposed to the principle of subsidiarity .
Is it not a contradiction in terms that , whilst attempts are being made to harmonise resale rights worldwide , the opportunity is being created for the Member States to abandon the minimum price at will via all kinds of loopholes ?
It is also superfluous , for there is no distortion within the internal market .
As cross-border transport , both in the freight and in the private sector , increases , so do the problems in obtaining motor vehicle insurance cover .
Mr Rothley has specified these in his report and , in doing so , has underlined the need for something to be done .
Mr President , I have been a keen supporter of the alternative and out-of-court settlement of disputes for years .
Many consumers are so put off by the complex procedures - not helped by the fact that they are drafted in a foreign language - that they do not pursue their complaints .
In my opinion , the information desks should focus on the role of offering guidance to the consumer