with agencies at local , regional and cross-border level , which is why we tabled various amendments which , fortunately , were taken on board by all the groups .
So a little modesty is in order , I think .
When did the Commission carry out controls ?
Does every country apply it ?
As far as the rest is concerned , for once , I agree wholeheartedly with what the honourable lady members , Mrs Ainardi , Mrs Auroi and Mrs Grossetête , said .
Once we have accepted this , not just proclaimed it but believe in it , then we come to the second element , which is the question of political will .
What is preventing us from acting and why must there always be a crisis for us to come here and confirm that we , the European Parliament , believe that public health is the number one priority ?
And we all know that prevention is the best cure .
So we are playing with fire .
Our aim must be to apply it .
Mr President , obviously the issue of the exploitation of , and violence against , women is one of the biggest social problems of our times .
It also has huge economic repercussions , as a result of the host of illegal economic activities springing up in this sector worldwide .
The Commission approved a pan-European policy to combat trafficking in human beings back in 1996 , with particular emphasis on the issue of women , who are the worst hit by this scourge .
Thank you , Commissioner , for your reply .
Today , with the tragic changes which you - I mean your system - wanted and pursued so enthusiastically , the women and children exported to our countries account for most of the exports from these countries ...
Unfortunately , Asia wears that crown , together with the countries of Africa .
Mr President , just to set a precedent , I shall not take up a position .
The directive talks about support systems , basically a premium paid to companies which operate in this sector , and relies on so-called market mechanisms for the final solution .
Mr President , Commissioner , I should like to start by congratulating Mrs Theorin on her excellent own-initiative report , which deals with an important and topical issue , i .e . how the fundamental participation of women in negotiations to resolve conflicts can change the world and turn the dominant culture of confrontation and violence into a culture of peace , dialogue and democratic conflict resolution .
I am convinced that if women , both Palestinian and Israeli , had a say and a role in the peace process , there is every likelihood that a fair and viable solution to the Palestinian question would have been found and we would not now be facing the present crisis , which is the outcome of 7 whole years of failed negotiation .
.
But what is clear in the resolution is that a basic social component is missing every time there is any political crisis management , every time there is any political conflict management and every time war takes its toll on society .
This state of affairs is described in the report with interesting and often shocking details .
Secondly , there are the regulations for human rights .
These regulations provide for a legal basis for our political activities vis-à-vis third countries as regards action taken by the Union to prevent conflict , deal with its consequences , implement confidence-building measures , promote humanitarian law and support international , regional and local organisations involved in conflict prevention .
The third element is the participation of the European Community in rehabilitating victims of torture .
The fifth point is the role of ECHO , the European Commission Humanitarian Aid Office , which has been invited by Parliament to help evaluate the gender dimension .
Article 4.2 states that , as far as terms of acceptance and access to asylum procedures are concerned , special measures may be taken for people who are especially vulnerable , such as women .
Mr President , what is clear is that we are witnessing an initial stage in which the gender dimension , the participation of women , is starting to become , if not the rule , then at least an element in various programmes .
Mr President , I am forced to admit , following Mrs Smet 's report to Parliament , which I welcome , that I am in the unfortunate position of having to say that the Commission has no special policy or information on regulating domestic help in the informal sector and on transferring domestic help from the informal to the legal economy .
We have little experience and few Member States have specifically tackled the problem of domestic help .
Mr President , today the House is debating a very serious and important issue because this debate is about one of the most important legislative texts which we , as a Parliament , are required to examine .
So far , the only proposal to have come out of the Council is the absolute and , in my view , unacceptable position of Mr Solana on issues relating to the common foreign policy .
( EL ) The Commission and the Council of the European Union have a great deal to answer for as regards the proportions which the issue of BSE has assumed .
We must immediately : take measures at pan-European level , introduce extensive and strict controls on all European Union herds and imports , remove meat-and-bone meal from animal feedingstuffs , not just for cattle and sheep but also for pigs , poultry and fish , take measures , by completely restructuring animal feedingstuffs , to ensure that genetically modified soya flour from the USA , Brazil and elsewhere cannot infiltrate the system until scientists have given a full guarantee , which they have yet to do .
