Amendment No 2 makes it compulsory again to mention the Member State issuing the licence , which the Council felt should be optional .
The analysis of Europe 's decline in the innovation league is now traditional , as are the lack of fiscal and financial instruments for the creation of businesses , particularly as compared with the American models , the limited integration between public research and industry , the vague areas in the protection of intellectual property , the limited coordination of national and Union policies , and the limited mobility of researchers .
Finally , I would like to conclude by congratulating the rapporteur on the authority with which he has put together a coherent report which respects the opinions of the European Parliament , out of a sea of additions and suggestions , to the point that he actually invented a procedure which we have christened the ' Argyros procedure ' in the Committee on Research .
That is the thrust of the three amendments proposed by the Committee on External Economic Relations to strengthen Mr Pompidou 's text further , and I congratulate him again on an excellent report .
There was acceptance of the introduction of a consideration on the application procedure for LIFE and on the general information procedure , to improve transparency and efficiency , and of a second consideration which defines the nature of the preparatory activities .
Even here we feel rather powerless when faced with the distress of bewildered consumers who have lost faith in Europe 's capacity to guarantee the absolute safety of their food , the procedural riddle preventing the Council , in such a delicate situation , from reaching a decision with a majority either for or against , the resurgence of nationalism and the deadly blows it deals our mythical single market , or the spectre of the policy of the empty seat , popular since time immemorial .
But we are also telling the British government and above all the British people that political opposition to Europe is no way to deal with their problem .
Minister Pinto has brought us positive signals today and I do not think it is irresponsible optimism to say that more Europe is needed , not less Europe .
Well , between contamination and non-contamination lies an even more terrible evil and it strikes at the consumer .
So how and what do we decide ?
And there is some concern in countries like Italy , Spain , Greece and Portugal which are net importers of calves .
Carrying it out as planned with the allocation proposed by the Council is unthinkable .
When considered in detail , the directive at issue does not appear to constitute a balanced measure , given that there has been no socio-economic study on the costs for consumers in the north and in the south .
It is vital for that purpose that we move from land transport to other forms of transport , such as short sea shipping and river transport .
( Parliament rejected the request for urgent procedure )
As Commissioner de Silguy has pointed out , the EMI framework defined in Maastricht should be directed towards a more active role in coordinating the Member States ' monetary policies .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , representatives of the Commission and the Council , since September 1992 , there have been a number of devaluations of national currencies : one of the most significant , in terms of loss of value , was that of the Lira , which lost as much as a third of its value against the Deutschmark , causing the Lira to depart the EMS.
In our view , the point of this debate we are holding is that the economic guidelines and , above all , the political measures taken so far are insufficient given the real state of affairs ; the truth is that we are in a stage of economic slow-down with an unacceptable level of unemployment .
What we actually need is to revert to an intelligent reading of Article 104c which says , among other things , that public investment needs to be rid of deficit - and that is a basic factor .
Examples of challenge - but these are examples only - are : the magnetic-levitation train or superconductor electric cable ; - the super-efficient battery ( all renewable energy technologies are limited by the problem of batteries ) ; - vaccines which prevent illness : they are ruining the pharmaceutical companies but require major investment.Parliament and the Commission should start thinking now about the most important technological challenges - selecting one or more topics - and , in the context of the Fifth Framework Programme , adequate European resources should be earmarked for them , to ensure that specific programmes are viable and have a clear European profile .
The Socialist Group will be tabling its own text officially , on Thursday , in this Chamber .
This also offers a way of eliminating the over-fishing that has occurred in recent years .
From that point of view , we consider that the programming document is important and when we have an opportunity of discussing it in official fora , we shall look at the substance in greater detail .
For instance , you , Mrs Péry , tackle a range of issues on which I am in agreement ; however , when we come to the problem of the market , a problem to which many of you have referred , I have clearly to remind the House that the professional organizations do not fit in with a free market situation - as you , Mrs Péry , are perfectly well aware - and that , consequently , since these bodies represent a departure from the basic rules , membership of professional organizations cannot be made compulsory ; far less , it seems to me , can withdrawal costs be made compulsory for those who do not