We also wanted to prevent public funds from being used for the electoral campaigns of certain candidates or certain parties .
Firstly , the department of public prosecutions has been informed of the relevant facts relating to the four contracts in question , i .e . the fictitious contracts ; secondly , the department of public prosecutions has been given the facts specifically relating to the links between an official and the contracts in question ; thirdly , the UCLAF report has been sent in full ; fourthly , to avoid any ambiguity , the department of public prosecutions has access to any other documents which it may consider useful when examining the case .
But if we were to reveal the true essence of the Amsterdam Treaty to the citizens of France , it is quite possible that they or their parliamentarians would reject it one way or another .
However , if there is indeed an emerging need for a multilateral framework , as several speakers have mentioned , we must note that the United States has always preferred to conduct these negotiations within the OECD , with industrialised countries , whereas the European Union tries to hold them within the WTO , a global organisation that brings together all countries concerned with investment , including the less developed countries .
This far-reaching decision is a noteworthy example for any government concerned about its sovereignty .
What is more , France has stated openly what a number of governments , trade unions , NGOs and even some Members of the Commission have been thinking .
Mr President , I have been listening carefully to Commissioner Brittan , but I would like to remind you that we were among the first to draw attention to the detrimental nature of the MAI project developed by the OECD , mainly because it called into question the vital regulatory role played by the states , it introduced a new legal hierarchy amongst international actors by favouring investors and it marginalised developing countries from the negotiation process .
Irreversible !
We are talking of transferring negotiations to the WTO .
Did the OECD believe that science and money create world peace ?
I heard a comment made that the French Government reacted touchily to the MAI.
Amendment No 6 is designed to enable certain Member States to impose more stringent restrictions .
This is much more important for the people of today than widespread free trade.The European Europe , which was the wish of General de Gaulle 40 years ago , still remains to be built .
I could go on , but I would like , in particular , to highlight the issues that invariably reappear and that are becoming more and more worrying every day .
It is time to consider a possible change in the way we look at our resources .
The Group of Independents for a Europe of Nations believes , on the contrary , that the most pressing matter is to restore the people 's control over the Union .
We must get the instruments of solidarity working and the Union must , as a matter of urgency , define its views on how to regulate the global economy .
Mr President of the Commission , your message appears to me to convey a certain weariness , because we are all aware of the artificial nature of the construction of Europe .
Do not overload the timetable .
We must not over-interpret this or that provision of the Treaties to the benefit of one or other of the institutions .
Indeed , what is at issue in the European Union is not simply incidental adjustments to three institutions , but the overall concept of the Union itself .
There is nothing of this sort at European level .
Does that mean that the ratification of the Treaty of Amsterdam by our citizens would be superfluous ?
If it tries to go beyond this role to become a restrictive mechanism , then it is going to provoke harmful self-censorship and transform itself into a system characterised by self-intimidation , mutual neutralisation , self-blocking , paralysis in terms of initiative and impetus , and idle , self-satisfied talk that encourages a lack of political will .
Denying the will of nations to be independent through the procedure of majority voting is even more dangerous for foreign policy than for any other field .
With all due respect to our socialist friends who are rightly celebrating the legal action that has been brought against Mr Pinochet , they need to finally have the courage to start working towards bringing Mr Milosevic before the court in The Hague as soon as possible .
Mr President , the scale of the financial crisis that is affecting the countries of Latin America , as it is affecting nearly all countries with emerging economies , and the extent of the impact it is bound to have on the European economies and particularly on the countries in the euro area , have been largely underestimated in Europe up until now .
Nor is it good in Colombia , especially in Caguán , where the extreme left-wing Columbian revolutionary armed forces receive payments from drug traffickers whose cultivation and trade they are protecting .
However , no committee of inquiry and no people 's tribunal has been set up to judge 80 years of red terror in the world and those responsible for 200 million deaths , if we add the victims of the wars to the 100 million who have died in the organised famines and mass executions of communism , an impassable scenario of modern slavery .
Billions have been spent on helping regimes that have done nothing to ensure the development of the population , and this was done in order to have a clear conscience .
The new framework that is proposed is subdivided into five different sectors .
Maintaining current Community regulations