Mr President , last year after a farcical show trial , Ken Saro Wiwa , together with eight members of the Ogoni people 's survival movement , was condemned to death by a scandalous judgement .
The Commission with its tiny resources , including financial , continues to follow the evolution of this problem across the globe and on the whole , while there are tentative improvements in some parts of the world , the general situation never fails to bring us back to the reality that many problems remain unresolved and that new attacks on fundamental human rights are appearing .
As you know , in November 1995 , the Commission suspended cooperation with Nigeria and is preparing a series of measures to support the democratization process in order to improve the human rights situation .
The European Union and Commission attach special importance to deepening the bilateral dialogue , in particular on human rights , which was initiated about two years ago .
The European Union has frequently demonstrated its concern about the application of the death penalty in Georgia and the other independent states .
The Commission is following the situation closely and awaiting the results of the local elections of 10 November .
Following a well established tradition , it will analyse with all the necessary care the dossier on the fire that has seriously damaged the City Hall in Lisbon .
Having said that , I confirm very clearly that the Commission has had but one concern : to allow the fisherman of the Adriatic fleet a transitional phasing in period , given the social impact of the implementation of this directive .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I will not go over the fundamentals of this agreement as they have been described by Mr Kindermann , who has rightly highlighted the fact that only one of the three states , Lithuania , has so far also accepted the second generation component .
The first point relates to the budget classification , because it seems to the Commission contrary to established doctrine on the nature of fisheries agreements ; the second relates to consultation of the European Parliament prior to the start of the negotiations .
I believe , Mr Kindermann , that there is a need to take account of the fact that the Council only grants the negotiating directives once for each agreement .
So please excuse me if I do not stay for the whole debate and I also want to thank Commissioner Kinnock who will be present and will certainly give me feedback .
Still talking about employment , this sector is highly labour intensive , with relatively moderate investment .
In November 1995 , after the agreements with Israel and Morocco in particular , the Council committed itself to establish specific measures , but these measures have never seen the light of day .
We think that is inadequate and more should be done because , apart from anything else , the action we are asking for in this sector will help very small and medium-sized firms operating in it to organize and work together on promotional activities .
I do not know if the rapporteur , Mr Filippi , mentioned these figures and if so please forgive me for repeating them , but they need underlining to appreciate that we are not talking here about small street-corner flower-sellers , but about a very important sector which now accounts for more than 510 , 000 jobs , with production estimated at over ECU 11 billion .
The GATT rules have reduced the tariff since July 1995 , there are privileged relations with certain countries , in particular developing countries or those engaged in the fight against drugs , and there are also the relations with the GSP and Lomé Convention countries .
It depends predominately on small and medium-sized enterprises , the majority of which are family firms .
Thirdly , it reaffirms the principle of subsidiarity as regards experiments in positive action , to counter erroneous or convenient interpretations of the Kalanke ruling .
This , in fact , will be the first great tangible sign which will enable all Europe 's citizens to see whether and in what form Europe exists .
How am I going to do my shopping ? '
The time has come to see the error of this approach , which lies precisely in its own political and cultural environment .
This situation simply must not be a one-off type of result , but must be guaranteed on a permanent basis .
Mr President , on the evening of Sunday , 24 November 1996 , the extraordinary Council of economic and finance ministers worked flat out to arrange for Father Christmas to visit the Italians a month early , and to come up with a brilliant solution - fixing the lira within the exchange mechanism of the European Monetary System at a rate of 990 to the German mark ; it may be remembered that the lira exchange rate a few weeks earlier was 1010-1020 .
It is essential that all States should subject themselves to rigorous and previously agreed choices , including their tolerance margins .
Let us not forget that unemployment , which has never before reached its present level of around 12 % , must not be further increased by raising the tax burden on manufacturing industry in the Member States , especially in Italy .
That would bring about an economic climate which would certainly increase unemployment dramatically .
Should the great changes that have taken place in scientific knowledge and industrial production during recent years - changes largely associated with the widespread availability of information and advanced communications technologies - prompt us to review and rethink our present structures and policies for research and technological development ?
So what can we do ?
We must allow much greater flexibility and the possibility of action