This budget will be the last one to be drawn up under the current financial frameworks .
The new frameworks have not yet been agreed upon , a situation for which , among others , the state currently holding the Presidency bears great responsibility .
This budget will also be a bridge to the next financial perspective , on which there is no agreement at present .
By investing in research and development , we are at the same time investing in the Union’s future .
Recent times have unfortunately shown that natural disasters are becoming more common .
It is absolutely intolerable that the budget should be drawn up in such a way that 20 % , by a ‘gentlemen’s agreement’ , should be spent every year , up to the last cent .
An accountable Parliament inspiring public confidence drafts its budget with reference to real costs , not percentages .     Mr President , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , in June this issue depended on just a few countries and , to a greater extent , on the country currently holding the presidency , the United Kingdom .
Now that you yourself are drafting it , the question has arisen of whether it should form some sort of package , and I would like to ask this : is it possible that the joint financing of agriculture will be a part of this package , which would mean that Member States would start paying a portion of compulsory agricultural expenditure themselves ?     .
The region is also strategically important , but most important of all , the countries which lie to the south of the Mediterranean are our neighbours .
Today , 10 years later , Mediterranean policy is one of the main priorities of EU foreign policy .
Europe is so different from what it was when the process started .
I believe and am convinced that Parliament’s unanimous reply will be that we do indeed need this partnership .
Nevertheless , we require more effective cooperation , and , indeed , more cooperation .
One is education .
There the situation is exactly the same .
The ability to read is therefore important for democracy .
Secondly , I would like to raise the matter of economic growth and the reforms relating to it .
More than 50 % of these countries ’ trade is with the EU , while just 13 % is with the United States of America .
I would also like to emphasise the importance of the work of the Anna Lindh Foundation .
Migration is one important dimension of the Euro-Mediterranean Partnership , and today it seems that the problems are only increasing , so we also need to invest time and money in this area .
To my surprise , I have realised that at the moment there is not enough of it going on in the European Parliament either .     .
Mr President , the Commission continues fully to support the role of the United Nations and its efforts to bring a political solution to the conflict in Western Sahara .
The Commission encourages all the parties involved and the international community fully to cooperate with them towards this objective .
Regarding recent tensions in Western Sahara , the Commission followed last month’s demonstrations , arrests , trials and hunger strikes very closely , and continues to monitor the situation .
In the context of our bilateral relationship with Morocco , a sub-committee on human rights , democratisation and good governance is being set up .
These issues – human rights , democratisation , political and institutional reform – are also considered in the action plan agreed between the Commission and Morocco within the framework of the European Neighbourhood Policy .     .
Mr President , following the Andijan massacre and Uzbekistan 's persistent rejection of an independent international inquiry into these events , the European Union has taken a very firm stance vis-à-vis Uzbekistan through the adoption of the Council conclusions of 3 October , following the earlier conclusions adopted since May .
That is a very clear and strong political signal by the Union to Uzbekistan .
In terms of the Partnership and Cooperation Agreement (PCA ) , the Commission has immediately suspended all further technical meetings with Uzbekistan .
The Commission takes note of the decision to postpone the Sixth EU-Uzbekistan Parliamentary Cooperation Committee meeting and regrets that the delegation would not be allowed to travel to the Andijan region nor to have unrestricted access to members of the opposition , non-governmental organisations and the independent media .
It should focus on poverty reduction in the Ferghana valley and the development of a civil society , as well as on legal and judicial reforms and on the development of higher education .
I should like to take this opportunity to stress that the human rights situation which existed before the events in May was already very bleak and a source of deep concern to the Commission .
In addition , the Commission will continue to press the Uzbeks to establish an immediate moratorium on all death sentences before the abolition of the death penalty in 2008 .
The exclusion of Uzbekistan from such regional programmes would damage Uzbekistan 's neighbours more than Uzbekistan itself .     .
The case of the Tibetan monk Tenzin Delek Rinpoche has regularly been brought to the attention of the Chinese authorities in the course of this dialogue .
Whilst welcoming the decision by the Chinese authorities on 26 January 2005 this year to commute Tenzin Delek Rinpoche’s death sentence to life imprisonment , the European Union remains deeply concerned about the persistent doubts surrounding his trial and the heavy sentence handed down to him .
The European Union is fully committed to continuing to follow this issue very closely in the framework of the EU-China human rights dialogue .
The third visit of the Dalai Lama’s special envoys at