is important for all Member States , but for the new States in particular .
We also want more money , because we support Natura 2000 , but that will only work with more resources in rural development .
At this point I would like once again to extend my sincere thanks to Mrs Schierhuber and to everyone else who has worked so hard on this important report .
Mr President , Commissioner , Mr de Vries , ladies and gentlemen , Mr Duquesne has already given a detailed explanation of the need for action to curb , combat and prevent terrorism in Europe and throughout the world .
Perhaps some of the new proposals set out different rules on this last point , but there was certainly no provision for compensation in the version on which we had to base our deliberations .
We hope it will not come to that , but I should like to know from the Commission and the Council how they are preparing for such an eventuality .
As far as the procedural provisions are concerned , I should have liked to see a different form of parliamentary involvement in this sensitive matter .
This is not wishful thinking or a dream that may be set to crumble before our eyes .
Instead , an agreement was reached on the ‘quick freeze’ mechanism , which is perhaps a suitable solution .
People’s fundamental rights must not be put on the line .
This will be a source of conflicts , Commissioner , in the event of an attack , which we hope will not happen .
This is a case where action is being taken for its own sake , where people are being mollified with measures that may ultimately do nothing to enhance their security .
This is where we have to focus our efforts ; we must adopt new ways of thinking and follow new paths .     .
We want a solution , but we are not prepared to sell our soul for it .
This is the spirit in which the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Food Safety drafted its opinion , and the rapporteur , in his usual courteous and cooperative manner , has incorporated our thoughts .
I thank the Council for setting a new standard in the European Union through the Statute for Members of the European Parliament .
Mr President , I would like to start by extending , on behalf of the Committee on Culture and Education , warm thanks to our rapporteur Mr Böge , who has had the courage to set out unambiguous priorities in his draft report , one – and an explicit one – being in the sphere of education and training , which are key factors in growth , social integration and competitiveness .
Another key requirement is solidarity : the scrupulous practice of solidarity with our new partners and solidarity throughout Europe with all those who are victims of industrial restructuring or of difficulties arising from geographical factors .
This Financial Perspective reflects the attempt at implementing the Lisbon strategy , and we expressed our opposition to the present form of the latter when it was debated .
Let us , together , be bold in trying to get the message across to people , not only to their minds , but also to their hearts .     Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , in this context too , I am happy to reiterate that it is not appropriate to top up financial resources at a time when globalisation is , from Europe’s point of view , turning into a trap rather than a dream .
A European Union that defines itself solely in terms of the redistribution of as much money as possible is not the European Union I want to see ; there are other tasks that we have to perform together .
At the same time , we are ready and able to ensure that the resulting burdens are shared out fairly and in a spirit of solidarity .
Your Budget is tighter than the one we have already and more limited than a lack of agreement would make it , and that is why you have to understand that our offer is made with negotiations in mind .
Surely , if we are to have equality of opportunity in Europe , the least we can do is to require a certain standard of competence in a language rather than use of it from the cradle .
This report calls on Member States to give their neighbours and other EU Member States early warning , and we have tabled an amendment to paragraph 29 to make explicit reference to the need for information on the introduction of restrictive immigration measures to be exchanged and notified within the European Union , in other words not just such measures as mass regularisations , but also the opposite : if restrictive action is taken , that information should be shared within Europe .
In my own country , for example , 90 % of what patients are entitled to is founded upon widely-dispersed case law , none of which is summarised in a single , comprehensive and binding document .
As a community founded upon solidarity , we have to be there for each other , above all when we need each other .
Some of them are identical ; some are not .
Cyprus also needs to be unambiguously recognised , for how can you negotiate with a party that you do not even recognise ?
We are a union of sovereign states .
Europe promised peace and democracy , and peace and democracy were created for all to see .
It is as simple as that !
Is it public discontent over our achievements , or is it – and this is my view – a public revolt against Europe as it is ?
