In addition , the change also approved here to increase the level of aid over the last three years by 20 % is important in my view , in part because this level has not yet stabilised following the Agenda 2000 reform , and it is also yet another incentive for small farmers to apply for aid .
Aid to small farms cannot be calculated at the same basic rate as other aids .
However , given the characteristics of the agricultural sector in Portugal , we would have preferred the threshold of the scheme to be put at 2500 euro , as Friedrich Wilhelm Graefe zu Baringdorf had proposed , which would ensure that many more Portuguese farmers would enter the scheme .
Because of the consistency required of it , however , this House cannot wipe out its earlier resolutions or the more or less recent positions of the other Community institutions and international bodies , especially the Council , which has particular competences in this matter .
For that very reason I believe it to be very important and timely for the Commission to reaffirm the positions that it and the Council have adopted on behalf of the European Union .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , we have just heard the discourse of war , the discourse that has led to war , the discourse that has led to the continued failure of international mediation .
We do not want just to cry over more deaths or lament further destruction .
Inclusive because the spirit of including everybody is a precondition for reconciliation , and because without true reconciliation to restore confidence there will be no peace .
Because the tragic recent history of Angola teaches us one thing : we must only trust those who talk of peace without arms in their hands , with gestures and instruments of peace .
Just as we remember the United Nations deliberations on the conflict and we do not deny that the various sides have different responsibilities .
We are pleased with the compromise text that it has been possible to draw up and we shall vote against the proposals that may disfigure it , not because we disagree with the content of several of them , but because what is expected of us today are words of encouragement and not of recrimination .
That is , since independence on 11 November 1975 there has been a civil war in Angola , and it is still going on .
We do not agree and we have proposed an oral amendment which might be a compromise .
What we need to do is help civil society and the churches to emerge so that this ravaged people may finally achieve peace .
This would enable us to move towards regulating the protection of the economic rights of private individuals and removing the burden of bureaucracy imposed on them by the cumbersome traditional legal machinery .
The second depends on the market and on the risks that farmers are forced to run in this market .
We have seen this sector being all but abandoned over the last few years and we now run the risk of entering a legal vacuum , because the Commission , for reasons unknown to us , has decided not to submit any proposals .
Secondly , we must be aware that establishing the operational funds as the main agricultural policy instrument for the sector is not enough , because there are many regions , such as Spain and Portugal , where producers ' organisations are almost non-existent , and where less than 10 % of production passes through such organisations .
These are the result of bilateral agreements in which this sector has sometimes been used as a bargaining chip , with no account being taken of the interests of the southern countries or of the importance that it has for employment and for the development of these countries .
.
The Parliament and Council Directive on the subject of company law concerning takeover bids is designed to harmonise Member State legislation in cases where companies governed by the law of one Member State are subject to a takeover bid , with their assets , i .e . property and shares , admitted to trading on a regulated market .
.
.
The ECB , however , requires effective political supervision and not just economic coordination , which is increasingly linked to the objectives of the Stability Pact and to the EU' s neo-liberal guidelines .
They are a key factor in the entire process of replacing national currencies with the single currency , which requires an extra effort in addition to all of the enormous changes , specifically in terms of accounting , internal and external documentation , IT , etc .
It is now up to the European Parliament , in cooperation with the national parliaments , to ensure that the Member States and even the European institutions respect fundamental rights .
My country , Portugal , is no exception and suffers unacceptable delays within its judicial system .
Finally , I would like to congratulate Parliament on the broad consensus that has been expressed on the new methodology of the report on Fundamental Rights in the European Union , and express my wish that the approach which has been launched by Mr Cornillet will be retained for the future .
At the European Union/ United States Summit in Gothenburg , President Bush acknowledged the science underlying climate change and the global importance of this issue .
The new consolidated texts by the Chairman of COP6 , Mr Pronk , are clear and concise and provide a good basis for the Bonn negotiations .
As in The Hague , the Commission and Council , the President-in-Office has explained , have proposed that the European Parliament be represented by eight Members .
It is asking for its