Central and Eastern European countries .
Unless this climate is reversed , that mistrust will lead to more general problems which will threaten the vision of those who created this truly unprecedented experiment that we call the European Union .
However , we are in the middle of the IGC and there is still a long way to go before the Amsterdam Summit Conference .
We need a model based on the principles of democracy , equality for all and for every country , whether small or large , and one which will strive to fight unemployment , social exclusion , racism and xenophobia .
However , we must be careful to see that the costs of institutional changes are not borne by the small countries alone .
And I think this is a very characteristic example of exactly the great contradiction to which Mrs Lalumière referred in her excellent report , between commercial , economic or strategic interests and the elementary moral values which I think the European Union should serve , without hypocrisy .
I say : ' without hypocrisy ' , because this refers to another neighbouring area , at least one that neighbours our country , namely former Yugoslavia .
Unfortunately , the European Parliament 's intervention is needed and will continue to be so for a long time .
It was necessary for international public opinion to be outraged by the disclosure of horrific crimes in one country , before we began to wonder whether enough protection was being offered to those of tender age , who are unprotected .
The reports we are debating today , which have been prepared by the relevant committees , contain a host of recommendations .
I believe that the means exist and it is not difficult to perceive methods to eliminate the sex tourism that stains not so much distant countries , as the civilized countries that provide its customers .
I would like to dwell in particular on the rapporteur 's Amendments Nos 4 and 9 , and to join him in asking Parliament to approve them unanimously , and of course for their acceptance by the Council and the Commission as well .
The Directive must define very clearly indeed the meaning of a transfer and its protective orders should apply to any type of transfer that affects working peoples ' rights .
There was of course some attempt to answer the question , but it did not succeed and that is why I have to put a supplementary question .
In other words , for the first time , the Council is saying that it does not wish to legislate in a public and open way .
From where do you derive that right ?
It is a problem that affects a whole population group , and one which arises in various ways from time to time .
Because the facts I reported in my question are entirely true and I got the impression that no specific action is being taken .
I have a duty to develop my subject and my colleagues must also have their say .
Mr President , in this House yesterday we all witnessed the very important process of awarding the Sakharov Prize to Mr Jingsheng , and the moment when his sister received the Prize on his behalf because he is still in prison , was deeply moving .
It reminded me of the same experience last year with Leyla Zana , who is also still in prison .
Mr President , on behalf of the Group of the European United Left , I want to express my sorrow about this development .
Mr President , unfortunately I too feel obliged to follow up the thoughts of Mrs d'Ancona , because this is one of the few times when , speaking about human rights in the European Parliament , I feel a sense of shame .
From that standpoint , the European Parliament is acting like a cold shower , I could say , towards democrats , journalists and those who fight for human rights in Turkey , who are either imprisoned , or facing an official and statutory framework of censorship , or suffering a series of persecutions .
There is a Community driving licence , and on its basis there have been cases when the driving licence has been revoked , for example in cases of epilepsy or when there are severe psychiatric problems .
I would appreciate Mr Flynn 's comments on the matter .
At the same time , however , they are required to pay the co-responsibility tax , with the result that they have reached desperation .
I want to ask Mr Fischler , and I expect an answer , which I believe is also awaited by all the farmers , while I believe in parallel that Mr Fischler 's position could play some part in determining the outcome of developments in Greece , where we expect much from the Commission and in particular from Mr Fischler in person : first , has any application been made by the Greek government to assist precisely this category of producers , who are the nucleus of the mobilization , and-secondly , regardless of whether or not an application has been submitted , how does Mr Fischler view the possibility of some intervention by the Commission of the European Union , to address the issue of the areas that have reached desperation ?
My question , to which I would like an answer from the Commissioner , is whether , consistent with the rationale of relaxing sanctions somewhat in the event of exceptional climatic conditions , the Commission could discuss the possibility of some measures for cotton , outside this Regulation , for areas that have been afflicted and that form the nucleus of the mobilizations and drama taking place in Greece today .
The vote was taken by secret ballot