And it means that we still have a long way to go in moving from the virtual budgetary rigour that we have at present to genuine budgetary rigour and the increased protection of European taxpayers .
Secondly , the treatment of addicts to prevent them from contracting other diseases , and to help them recover from their addiction .
It is worth pointing out that it was Parliament which , at the first reading in codecision , inserted this objective into the text , that the Council then withdrew it , that Parliament reintroduced it at second reading and , finally , that the Conciliation Committee granted Parliament a total victory .
Finally , to complete the picture , we must add that public funds from the Community 's coffers would be offered to the good boys and girls .
What is worse , the vagueness of the report as regards the implementation of these principles could disrupt democratic procedures , unless care is taken .
That is why I agree with those who commented yesterday that a few more weeks would have enabled us to consider some alternative hypotheses .
Mr President , the report before us is predicated on the dogma that the European Union must be enlarged , whatever the consequences in either financial or human terms .
That is all I can say on this for the time being , but I assure you that next year there will be many points to discuss in this context .
It is questions like these that we should all be confronting , irrespective of our groups , in our own countries and these are my concerns for France , when transposition of the directive we are examining today is the order of the day .
In this way France , in particular , will lose the independence with respect to energy that it has won with great difficulty .
It will however be necessary at a later date to pursue the thought and the action in respect of subsidiarity , of the differing cultures of the Member States with respect to protection of the environment , fiscality and social policy , in particular .
We have here a duty , which is to do all we can to make sure that Europe can continue marching forwards , and to make sure that there is nothing which might change utterly the face of our continent , or of course the rest of the world .
That legal subterfuge is not worthy of the Commission .
It has taken you yourselves thirty years to decide to apply the rules of competition to public services .
As the joint communiqué of the postal services of the European Union highlighted , this communication opens the way for deregulation which would be prejudicial to the interests of the majority of European citizens , to the profit of economic pressure groups which want to appropriate the most profitable postal market segments .
Without a doubt , in relation to the postal services , the Commission is very single-minded .
My second point is that it is not right , and I am saying this to you , Mr van Miert , that Europe should open itself up to the rest of the world , and particularly to the United States , without some reciprocity .
Is it not highly symbolic , ladies and gentlemen , that the peaceful and silent demonstrators marching in huge numbers in the cold and snow of Belgrade to show their commitment to democratic values which are the raison d 'être of our Union wave the flag with twelve gold stars ?
How can we hope for the support of European citizens without reminding them that the Intergovernmental Conference is to be used for drafting a treaty to be the legal basis of an objective to be reached ?
I also take this opportunity to protest against the cynical attitude to the text shown by leading representatives of certain governments , and not minor ones either , who have strongly criticized the Irish presidency 's document , when they share the responsibility for the lamentable situation in which the IGC finds itself .
And it is Parliament which has the distinction of reminding the presidency and governments of this .
We have a ruling from the Karlsruhe Court of June 1995 which is based on the freedom of taxpayers to act to determine whether such and such a tax is too high .
Lastly , cohesion : monetary union with a hard core is dividing the European peoples .
The text it proposes to the Dublin European Council clears the ground as regards the questions raised , the positions held and the available options .
They did so , and it was a good thing they did .
Of course , if no conclusion is reached in Amsterdam , it will not be a disaster .
It would be better to take a few extra weeks or months to reach a conclusion .
When he spoke this morning about the preparatory work for the Dublin European Council , the President of the Commission welcomed the provisions included in the draft framework treaty , saying that the Commission found that it contained a good number of its ideas .
If we stick to a one-sided , biased view of the situation we risk reigniting the Balkan fire that was extinguished with such great difficulty in Bosnia last year .
This position still leaves too much risk hanging over European energy and the public service , despite the inclusion of some of the socialist proposals from the first reading .
It is not much good continually talking at length about such a serious subject .
The list is a long one as it appears in Mrs Lalumière 's report , a tragic list of resolutions condemning violations of fundamental rights ,