In March 2009 , the Commission tabled a proposal for a new Framework Decision on preventing and combating trafficking in human beings , and protecting victims of such activities .
The aim is to create a more consistent legal framework , make it more effective and make the penalties for perpetrators more severe .
The Swedish Presidency also intends to bring up human trafficking and the sexual abuse of children as priority issues in the Stockholm Programme , which we intend to adopt at the summit in December .
I would simply like to point out that I think it is a great shame that Members of the European Parliament will be unable to attend the conference on 19-20 October because we will be here in Strasbourg , and we cannot be in Brussels at the same time to take part in this important conference .
Why is that ?
Are you going to raise it on another occasion ?
It is very unfortunate that the conference in Brussels clashes with the session .
As regards the Member 's second question , concerning why this has been dropped : I was not aware of this .
One of the most important items on its agenda is reform of the FAO.
We also expect the reform process to have long-term effects on the FAO 's work on matters concerning its staffing and local offices .
The Presidency will be represented there and we will present a declaration that is partly based on the Council 's conclusions on food security that will be adopted at the FAO conference .
Furthermore , in its conclusions , the Council welcomed the ongoing reform of the FAO that is being implemented in a constructive manner by all the member states of the organisation within the framework of the conference 's committee .
The Presidency feels that the summit should have this clear political aim , to launch a new system for managing the world 's food supply in which a rejuvenated and stronger CFS plays a leading part .
These efforts were necessary and appropriate , and played an important part in averting an even more serious crisis , in stabilising the economy and in preventing a drastic economic recession .
In difficult economic times , the authorities must take the action required to promote economic activity .
Consequently , the Presidency is planning discussions within Ecofin in the autumn concerning appropriate exit strategies and their coordination .
However , it is clear that circumstances vary widely in the different Member States , and therefore the timetables will vary slightly .
I hope we can start this process quite soon , but it also depends on how the economic situation develops .
However , at present , it is a little early to say exactly when that time will come in the various Member States .
Madam President , the Council shares the Member 's concern regarding the results of the latest Eurobarometer as regards awareness of important EU instruments to combat unemployment such as the European Social Fund and the EU Globalisation Adjustment Fund .
The Council expressed this in December 2008 when it backed the rapid introduction by the European Social Fund of supplementary measures to support employment .
As regards the European Social Fund , the Member States must provide information on initiatives and cofinanced programmes with a view to highlighting the role of the Community and the aid provided by the funds .
At the same time , I would remind you that the Globalisation Adjustment Fund was established relatively recently .
I can assure Mr Posselt that the Council will continue to follow developments in Chechnya very closely and we will give particular attention and respect to human rights and to the situation of the defenders of human rights .
The European Union is present in the region and we will continue to monitor the issues of respect for human rights , the rule of law and democratic principles in Chechnya and will address these whenever the need arises .
This follows on from the threatening stance adopted by Turkey in a bid to deter Cyprus from proceeding with the exploitation of its EEZ , thereby forcing it to veto the unblocking of the energy chapter .
Madam President , the Council is aware of the events brought up by the Member of Parliament .
Within the context of Turkey 's negotiations with the EU and the related conclusions drawn by the Council , the EU has called on Turkey to avoid any threat , source of conflict or action that could have a negative effect on good neighbourly relations and the process of peaceful dispute resolution .
All these matters are systematically raised by the EU , most recently at the meeting between ministers from the EU troika and Turkey that took place in Stockholm in July and in the Association Council in May .
I can assure the Member that the Council attaches great importance to these matters and that we will continue to monitor developments extremely closely .
The next opportunity will be at the foreign ministers ' troika in November .
On many occasions , we have called on the authorities in Burma to release her .
The Council stated that the legal proceedings against Aung San Suu Kyi represented a crime against national and international law .
The authorities in Burma have chosen to ignore the protests against the imprisonment of Aung San Suu Kyi and the calls to release her that have been made by a large number of countries and organisations , including the Secretary-General of the UN , the Secretary-General of ASEAN and a number of ASEAN Member States , of which Burma is , after all , one .
The response agreed on by the Council on 13 August is entirely in line with the resolution passed by the European Parliament in October 2008 .
Transatlantic relations represent a cornerstone of