, was what exactly will be the contribution of the Spanish Presidency to our relations with Morocco .
Yesterday , 12 March , today 13 and tomorrow 14 , there are three meetings scheduled by the Presidency that will deal with the three greatest priorities for Morocco with regard to her relations with the European Union .
Yesterday , the Committee for Migration met to talk about the most pressing issue , the situation of migration from Morocco to the European Union , the situation of Moroccan immigrants in Europe and aid to Morocco for this very serious emigration problem they are suffering .
Between 1997 and 1999 , the European Union imported more than EUR 35 000 million worth of agricultural products every year from developing countries , with no import duty in the majority of cases , or at a very low level in exceptional cases .
There is no risk therefore of there being any difficulty between the Council and the Commission in terms of achieving the objective of giving more advantages to developing countries so that they can export to Union markets .
The Commission will therefore put forward its proposal at this time , the debate will begin in the Council and I do not have the slightest doubt that the European Parliament will very quickly take up all the issues raised and will be closely involved with this great movement for the reform of the common agricultural policy .
They also committed themselves to the very strict control of budgetary development in 2002 and to avoid any measure that could worsen the budget deficit and , naturally , to taking all the steps necessary to return , by 2004 at the latest , to a budgetary position closer to a balance , in the case of Germany , or an actual balance , in the case of Portugal .
The Council only takes decisions when it believes they are in the best interests of the Union and its Member States .
I know , however , ladies and gentlemen , that you are aware that this is an issue that must be decided upon unanimously , and that progress is being made very slowly , but progress is being made all the same , and therefore , the Council and Ecofin intend to continue working towards tax harmonisation within the European Union .
Taking this into account , the strengthening of activities within the Barcelona process is , in fact , one of the Spanish Presidency 's priorities , with the intention that the Euro-Mediterranean Conference of Foreign Affairs Ministers in Valencia on 22 and 23 April should be a success .
Is the Presidency-in-Office able to guarantee the success of this proposal or will we have to be content with a simple line of facilities or with the promise of the optimisation of the MEDA programmes ?
However , having said this , I shall be delighted to answer Mr Obiols ' questions because I believe them both to be very pertinent , especially , I am embarrassed to have to say , the second one .
This all seems to hint that in Barcelona we could adopt an agreement on a formula that , as has been said from the start , would consist of creating a subsidiary of the European Investment Bank ( EIB ) , which would have autonomy and furthermore would follow a process of evolution .
In my opinion , this information must be available and made public from the moment that money is requested from the investor and it is clear that my formula , which is in line with that of the Commission , does not exclude this investigation from analysing investment possibilities with professional investors .
This risk , as I said , was highlighted by the authors of the Directive on the liberalisation of capital movements , who called on the Commission and the Council to legislate on this matter , the fiscal aspect of the liberalisation of capital movements , within one year , that is to say , in 1989 .
We believe , in general terms , that this is in line with the approach taken by the OECD , which is , at this time , the most active forum for discussion in this field .
We believe that this should be the path to follow in negotiations with the United States and with other countries .
The issue is on the table .
This will therefore be our first contribution to the Convention after it has been set up .
For this reason we ask that legal personality be given to the European Union in the future European Constitution .
Europeans have not granted this new agreement to our partners , but have fully and rigorously negotiated it with them .
The report also highlights our ACP partners ' responsibilities to achieve what is set out in the agreement so that the Joint Assembly can be set up once and for all .
Our efforts are directed , first and foremost , towards improving the functioning of the Assembly , converting it into an assembly which is effectively balanced and parliamentary .
Madam President , Commissioner , I would like to thank the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development for adopting this report by unanimity .
Such a proposal must ensure the survival of the sector and put an end to the difficulties and uncertainty European Union producers are experiencing .
For instance , there are hazelnuts from Turkey and almonds from the United States .
These were aimed mainly at raising the quality and competitiveness of the products .
The Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development has attempted to introduce considerable improvements to the executive committee 's proposal through its amendment .
Further , the committee has argued for ongoing support in the form of aid per hectare to guarantee maintenance of the producers ' income in a situation of sustainable exploitation .
