That is why the tests we initially propose will be rather less stringent than those originally proposed by the Commission .
They are to be approved as part of a typeapproval procedure .
Broadly speaking , this means a type approval as from a certain date for those frontal protection systems that comply with the new requirements and which , alone , it will be permitted to market .
This is something on which we now have an agreement , a fact I am extremely pleased about .
I wish to emphasise that it is important for everyone that we obtain , and use , seat belts in buses .
We must have them in all vehicles , and they must be used .     Madam President , there are many people who are anxious about the increase in obesity and the ill health it causes to many people and , in particular , to already vulnerable groups : those on very low incomes .
As a representative of the people , I do in actual fact think that those of us here in the European Parliament need to ensure that no consumer is duped into buying products they really do not want .
Health claims should not , therefore , be used on alcoholic drinks .
Do you really not believe that companies can manufacture products that consumers want , but that they have to dupe people into buying them ?     Mr President , when it comes to the economic guidelines , which we have discussed today in connection with Mr Goebbels ’ report , I wish to say how important it is for us never to underestimate the growing competition we see from the Asian economies , as well as from the American ones .
I am sometimes struck by the fact that we forget how many people are in actual fact unemployed in Europe and in the various countries , including those in which we report high employment figures .
We derive hope from the simple fact that we are successful in those countries and those parts of our economies in which we have implemented reforms .
On the contrary , we have historically low interest rates and , because of these and of high public expenditure , a very heavy burden in terms of providing such stimulation .
Allow me firstly to say how helpful I think it is that we have integrated guidelines , because employment policy and economic policy are , in fact , integrated .
When it comes to economic policy , I personally think that we should concentrate more on growth-promoting measures everywhere in Europe in order to get growth under way .
Stabilisation policy is important , and this is an area in which we have succeeded beyond our expectations .
The question is one of how we are to cope with it .
We shall see instances of restructuring .
If we do not do so , we shall see more demonstrations on the streets .
We must create conditions in the labour market whereby both men and women can participate in it .
It should be the Member States’ responsibility to , if they so wish , facilitate small and medium-sized enterprises ’ access to funding and venture capital , as well as to assist them with information about EU legislation , European standards and cooperation partners .
We have therefore voted against the report .     .
Those Member States must then each themselves decide whether they , in their turn , are to fund this expenditure by deducting taxes on their respective fishing vessels .
We support in principle the Framework Agreement for ensuring that the practical work of the European Parliament can be carried out and for obtaining an analysis of the Commission ’s activities involving , for example , its expert groups .
The internal market presupposes cooperation , together with harmonisation of the Member States’ legislation .
The European Parliament has , however , contributed a number of positive amendments , which is why we have chosen to support the report as a whole .     The resolution provides guidelines for the Member States’ employment policies .
We believe that each EU Member State should continue to conduct the foreign policy of its choice , drawn up following the election either of representatives to the national parliament or , alternatively , of a president or following national referenda .     The report is about extending the mandate of the European Monitoring Centre on Racism and Xenophobia to make it a Human Rights Agency .
Failing to respect the results of the referenda in the Member States , Parliament is proposing guidelines for the Agency’s role and tasks , as if the Constitution had already entered into force .
In our view , the report presents many quite sound views on how growth should be stimulated , the importance of relevant investments , how environmental initiatives can contribute to economic growth and how unemployment creates social injustice .
We interpret the wording concerning a legislative proposal ‘to guarantee a minimum income ’ as referring to what we in Sweden call supplementary benefits and not to the introduction of a minimum wage system .     Mr President , on Wednesday , the global campaign , Drugs for Neglected Diseases Initiative was launched .
They claim more victims globally than traffic accidents , famine and terrorism combined .
Now , attention is being paid to other less well-known diseases such as Chagas disease and leishmaniasis , which affect millions of people .
In Sweden , a scientific investigation is carried out each year into the population ’s confidence in about twenty different institutions .
The attempts to push the EU towards being a United States of Europe without popular support now threatens the survival of the integration project .
I wish greatly to commend Mr Bösch for his report .
Money disappears year in