Since 1989 , the autonomy of the large Hungarian minority has also been greatly curtailed .
We should , however , not forget that both Serbs and Hungarians will need to be better protected by clear and widely supported agreements on linguistic rights , autonomy and administrative boundaries .
We should simply call it by its name .
We in this House cannot refuse to check where people are taken .
Here in the European Union , we are always delighted when people seize opportunities , develop themselves or look for new prospects , but whenever those who do this are people from outside the European Union who try to seize opportunities within it , they are treated as virtual criminals .
It is laughable , actually , that Louis Michel , like a number of other Commission spokespersons , thinks and says that a policy of limited legal immigration could solve the problems .
This minority does not only want a theocratic system in Iran – one that is , among other things , characterised by the disadvantaged position of women and the widespread practice of capital punishment – but also throughout the rest of the world .
A possible military intervention , however , similar to that initiated by the Americans against Iran’s neighbours , Iraq and Afghanistan , in recent years , would give the people in Iran the feeling that their country is being threatened from outside and should therefore be defended .
I would like to ask the Council and Commission how we can prevent this long arm of the mullahs from resorting to nuclear weapons .
That is positive , and it is a sound initiative .
Much aid has already been given , but too little has been achieved .
We in the European Union , though , will need to use a different set of instruments in both cases ; hence the plea , in my report , for a dual approach .
It places me on a far higher plane than any politician’ .
Something else has , though , and that is the recognition – also the subject of Mrs Pack’s report – of this cultural heritage , of which it in fact gets very little .
What the report does do , however , is to put on the EU agenda the specific circumstances of poverty affecting women , and this is a good thing .
It was a pleasure to listen to Commissioner Hübner’s speech this morning , in which she made specific commitments to the effect that we can look forward to a new framework as early as at December’s informal Council .
My region comprises , a large area encompassing five cities that have joined forces .
It is naive to think that the EU Member States can build a wall around them to protect us from external economic threats .
In this report , the so-called multi-culturalism of the European countries is reinforced even further by encouraging second , third , or even fourth-generation immigrant children to develop their own language and culture on our territory and thus to make even less of an effort to integrate in our society or assimilate themselves to it .
It is also absurd that our children should learn Arabic , for example .
It is the world on its head .
The moderate opponent Manuel Cuesta Morua has been beaten up by a collection of regime supporters and has been at the receiving end of extreme racist abuse .
In the latter stages of the negotiations , we mainly talked about the two key components , namely the enforcement of the regulation and the dismantling of decommissioned ships , on which two topics I should like to expand .
They must also work in tandem with each other in order to prevent and trace illegal waste shipments .
The Council has declared it will extend the capacity for dismantling ships in the European Union .
More and more components of what we throw out and discard are given a second , or third , lease of life .
In the interest of the waste sector , illegal practices must be tackled .
We need framework legislation that promotes waste prevention , reuse and recycling .
The common position is disappointing .
In the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Food Safety , an overwhelming majority were in favour of reducing the use of f-gases .
By way of compromise , our group proposes putting the latest date of introduction forward by one year , from 2017 to 2016 .
I hope that the rapporteur can endorse this in addition to the change to the legal basis .
Fluorinated gases are therefore not as unusual as this amendment gives us to believe , and so we should not make an exception to the normal licensing procedure for waste shipments .
This is best accommodated , in my view , by the mixed legal basis proposed by the Council .
Because that self-same Commissioner also has to defend the services directive here in this House , in which we do not want to put those very values at risk .
I do not want a liberal market economy , but a socially-oriented market economy in which the social values are used as a basis , in which we find the answers to globalisation together , secure jobs , and ensure that the social security systems will be set up in such a way as to allow people to contribute to prosperity and thus employment .
There is therefore a need for common action , and that , Commissioner , is where you come in .
Whilst this is in itself a useful measure , because that way , it is possible to reduce the risk of mutation of H5N1 into a form that is transmitted from one human being to another , what causes me anxiety , though , is the excessively non-committal tone of a suggestion to