of bullying at work so that we can develop an action programme which will have a sustained impact .
Let me explain briefly what I mean .
That is better than being forced to wait for years before being informed of a negative decision .
Now in particular , I think it is important that we no longer engage in lengthy speech-making but take action .
Article 3( 3 ) states that Member States may decide to apply the provisions of this Directive to procedures for deciding on applications for kinds of protection other than that emanating from the Geneva Convention for persons who are found not to be refugees .
On a number of points , we have therefore deviated from our group 's voting behaviour or rejected the proposals .
It is clear that action is required from the social partners in particular .
In view of the fact that you have had very forthright things to say in other situations - which I did not always find easy to defend back home , but I defended you because I have always valued your clear language - I think it important that you should find equally clear and unambiguous words in this connection .
There was a statement recently by a statesman , who should speak in a statesmanlike manner , but who , when speaking about Muslims and Christians , actually , in my opinion , dropped something of a clanger .
Perhaps the situation in Italy has got so that one is no longer permitted to laugh at the government ...
Such things can , though , be only the beginning .
I wish to contradict Mrs Ria Oomen , whom I otherwise greatly respect , by saying that I think it almost courageous to state the belief that politicians like us , who concern ourselves with the environment , can decide in an environmental directive whether military pilots fly or not .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , this very long title essentially covers machines with which we are all familiar , such as lawn mowers , chain saws , hedge trimmers , drills , all of which are mobile and to which environmental legislation has perhaps given too little attention in recent years .
That is contained in Amendment No 30 , so that these machines can be granted extra time - something which , incidentally , corresponds to what industry too has suggested .
This is sensible , but it does create problems .
Let me finally observe that proposals 1 to 5 in my report are founded on an error .
One could say in legal terms that it is an anticipated form of reinforced co-operation among a few .
These questions of course provide the basis for the Commission 's White Paper of 25 July of this year , and we are delighted that the Commission President , Mr Prodi , is here to discuss this issue with us for the second time today and has just offered us cooperation within an interinstitutional working party .
Open coordination ?
We have nothing against the reform of comitology proposed in the White Paper , but it is not enough .
The major misunderstanding - I might almost say a misunderstanding of historical proportions - is that this Commission does not have any conception of European democracy .
The White Paper talks about a cumbersome system of almost 700 consultative bodies supporting the Commission .
I hope that you will be able to deal with those in your reply as well .
However , it is also a good time for the same reason , by which I mean that the European Union has an opportunity at this precise moment to respond to people 's fundamental need for safety within the EU , and for legitimacy combined with an ability to act outside its own borders .
We - Parliament and the Commission - are acting as if national governments and national parliaments were on one side and the European Union on the other .
Framework legislation and the use of other regulatory mechanisms can only be something positive if they are linked with appropriate guarantees .
Mr President , Commissioner , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , to start with I would like to say , Mr Duquesne , that I regard it as very positive that you are taking part in this debate yourself as the Minister for the Interior and are not being represented by your Minister for European Affairs .
It should also be clear to us , as I stated at the beginning of my report , that we cannot counter demographic trends by means of immigration alone , but that the only really good and meaningful approach is , of course , an enhanced education policy and family policy .
This is despite the fact , as you mentioned , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , that at present some 90 % of asylum-seekers apply for asylum on purely economic grounds and are therefore rejected , and despite the fact that the present checking procedures can take up to eight years .
I can tell you that it has certainly not dealt with things in this way .
It is precisely because we do not want to erect a fortress Europe and could not do so anyway that we must control and limit immigration .
I also believe that in view of all the measures proposed it is important to give the Member States the option of fine-tuning the entry and residence of third country nationals in accordance with the requirements of their own labour markets and demographic trends , because these questions in particular can only be dealt with at local level .
I again request the House 's services to send a technician to you .
We did not vote on them at all in committee .
