's poorest or Europe 's most disadvantaged citizens . on behalf of the ALDE Group . - ( FR ) Minister , Commissioner , rapporteur , ladies and gentlemen , for experts in the aerospace sector , the name Galileo may conjure up not only an Italian astronomer , but a US space probe designed by NASA to study Jupiter and its dunes , due to be launched on 18 October 1989 from the Atlantis space shuttle .
The project must succeed .
Effectively , any social progress in a country will make a market less attractive - to use the Court 's expression - for competing companies .
This is why we are extremely concerned by the delays in the ratification process .
It must clarify its intentions on this subject , because EDF funds , as far as we are concerned , should not be used as a reward for signing an EPA.
The decision-making process is not very clear .
In other words , we need better , more insightful and more regular implementation of the criteria already laid down in accordance with the stated objectives .
In order to reduce this dependency , there are two options , in my opinion .
In the Green Paper , the Commission is proposing to achieve the environmental targets at a lower and a reasonable cost .
If the revision of the directive achieves its purpose , it should also ensure that competitiveness with other means of transport is restored and that modes that emit less CO2 are used .
In my view , it should be part of a more general reform , with principles of solidarity and social justice .
That would be completely unacceptable .
Finally today we are coming out of this unjustifiable hibernation .
Ratifying them would honour the Member States and the EU as a whole .
The trade agreement currently under discussion is looking at a market worth EUR 57 billion with 4.9 % annual growth , which represents a very important potential for development .
In the face of scourges such as racism , mafia-style groups , violence inside and outside sports facilities , doping and the purchase of young disposable players from Africa or elsewhere , action is needed !
The familiar image of the Azores , the Canary Islands , Guadeloupe , Guyana , Madeira , Martinique and Reunion as regions subsidised by Community or national funds , without consideration for the positive impact of such funding , is insufficiently offset by the genuine added value they contribute to the Union in environmental , cultural and geostrategic terms .
With a total of 25 million km2 we have the largest sea area in the world .
Mr Guerreiro , you spoke a second time to urge that our approach should not be based on transient criteria .
There is a large majority of us here that believes this and is asking you , Commissioner , to listen . on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group . - ( FR ) Mr President , regarding the report by Mrs Sudre , with my Group 's support I tabled a number of amendments as part of a compromise .
Finally , the European Parliament , the Council and the Commission agreed in an interinstitutional agreement on 20 December 1994 that an accelerated procedure could be used .
I salute the excellent job done by my colleague and friend Mrs Morin , the rapporteur for our political group , particularly on flexicurity .
I am disappointed that the report does not discuss the issues linked to currency manipulation in the world which , together with reduced exchange rates , distorts fair competition .
Nevertheless , I remain convinced that while we have succeeded with the internal market through competition ; in other words paying particular attention to consumers , I consider that we should , in response to the current global challenges , place producers at the heart of our concerns .
The maritime areas ( two oceans - the Atlantic and the Arctic - and four seas - the Baltic , the North Sea , the Mediterranean and the Black Sea ) and the coastline ( 70 000 km ) of Europe are essential to its well-being and prosperity ; they are the trade routes , the climate regulators , sources of food , energy and resources , and popular places to live and for leisure among Europeans .
The very point of the European Union is to overcome what has characterised the history of Europe over the centuries , racial hatred , pogroms and destruction by fire .
Following the accession of Romania to the European Union , the Romanians enjoy the same freedom of movement as the other citizens of the Union .
In the field in which the European Union clearly has competence , the fight against discrimination , I am making a commitment to ensure the application of Community legislation .
The compromise proposed is satisfactory .
With regard to mobile satellite services , fundamentally the final result offers a balance between political ambition and economic feasibility .
I therefore ask the Council to move quickly , very quickly , so that the Ministers can decide by June , so that , afterwards , we will be able to put everything in place so that the decisions that will be taken tomorrow by the European Parliament at what I must say is a breathtaking pace can be put into practice in the interests of our industry and our citizens .
A few dissidents question the reality of this phenomenon , without offering any genuine proof .
It is essential that Parliament and the Council reach an agreement before the European elections .
Yet how long can it hold out ?
The ETF could have made a useful contribution to that development and can do so in future in similar cases .
But we have to look things in the face