take in the immediate future .
The application of Community competition rules shall become the norm enabling undertakings to carry out projects in a much simpler manner than happens under the present system where agreements between undertakings are governed not just by Community provisions , but also by 25 national legal systems .
The Commission certainly has no intention of hindering the restructuring of markets ; concentrations are necessary to respond to the challenges of a developing economy .
As regards State aids , just as I said a few moments ago in relation to antitrust and concentrations , we have attempted to redirect the Commission ’s work towards those activities which are capable of causing most damage to competition in Europe .
In recent years , the debate in the European Parliament on the annual report has always been the most important – if not the sole – occasion for the democratic scrutiny of competition policy which , although having an increasing impact on the life of European companies and citizens , is one of the areas where Parliament’s role is merely consultative .
Last week the Council gave the final go ahead to the new regulation on the control of mergers : as Parliament’s draftsman on that subject , I must express my regret at the fact that the amendments – which I consider important – suggested by Parliament were not adopted , in particular as regards the automatic transfer to Brussels of some of the most important concentration and merger operations and powers .
I believe Commissioner Monti’s policy has a sole , crucial , extremely important objective : to guarantee fair competition , to guarantee competition in open markets for all European companies .
It would be an extremely serious mistake and an illusion to think that the choices made by Commissioner Monti must have a direct impact on specific social or employment aims .
If air traffic grows at the same rate at which it has grown in recent years and if we do not take steps in relation to safety , as we are seeking to do with this regulation , then in the year 2015 – according to forecasts – we will have a disaster of this scale every week .
How have we attempted to deal with these points and these issues ?
To achieve that goal required cooperation whilst avoiding the duplication of roles and functions ; cooperation with the European Institutions and the Commission is a must for this regulation .
I therefore believe that we must also be satisfied , because this is the Europe that the citizens understand best , the Europe that the citizens feel close to , because it is the Europe that increases their safety , enhances their rights and increases their satisfaction with the response to their expressed needs .
Similarly positive  – the rapporteur Mr Fava mentioned this , and I would like to say that I completely agree with him – is the matter of sanctions for service providers and airlines that breach the provisions of the single sky , with safety objectives set , not just for the benefit of our European citizens but also for the benefit of all those who are to use , and fly in , the skies above Europe .     – Mr President , we certainly agree with the rapporteur’s statement relating to the satellite system and a civil satellite system but I believe that we should not have too many illusions about the possibility of clearly separating civil and military purposes , above all in view of the military repercussions of civil technology ; still less can we be under the illusion that civil and military purposes are separate in dictatorships such as China , which use precisely these civilian instruments designed to locate people as tools for widespread repression , made possible thanks to new technology , in particular new satellite technology .
I apologise for digressing and implicating the government of the rapporteur’s country , but I believe that the attitude that we have seen recently from President Chiracand Prime Minister Villepin regarding the Chinese communist regime is a worrying sign of a very precise strategic and political direction .
I would also , however , like to mention Mr Vattela and all his team , with whom we worked for a long time , often disagreeing but certainly in the constructive spirit of the European Union .
An example of this , as other Members have mentioned , would be the Eurostat affair for which no one has to date completely assumed responsibility .
I share the desire to pool investment resources to achieve objectives that no country can achieve on its own , and I agree with the intention to take a more determined approach towards coordinating research , technological innovation and industrial policy .
I am sorry to say , however , that peace and justice are not such key issues .
First of all , I must say that I had a great experience of collaboration with the United Nations when I was working with its Vice-Secretary General on a report that I was completing , within the ACP-EU Joint Parliamentary Assembly , on protecting children’s rights .
We need to assume that the United Nations intends to protect people , since it invokes the concept of the nation and not that of the state , and the concept of the nation presupposes the protection of the person .
This is not about commemorating Altiero Spinelli , but rather about seizing the opportunity of this important and historic date , which calls for a special sitting and not for one among many celebrations .
It is said that we do not want to be ideological , but I fear that that is what we are in actual fact being .
We are not being caught completely unawares by the H5N1 strain , because it was identified back in 1997 and it reappeared as H7N1 between 1999 and 2001 .
