Internet or out on the streets .
Through the Internet , everyone , including children and adolescents , can easily find detailed recipes and descriptions of drugs , as well as recipes for explosives , paedophiles can look at child pornography and women can be bought and sold , etcetera .
It is quite clear that we all want to put a stop to this .
It is something which we all must work towards .
It is something we have to resolve in a different way and more internationally .
Mr President , there are many different voluntary organizations throughout Europe , such as in the environmental area , the social area , trade unions , peace movements and women 's movements , which often have very active members and a lot of contacts with their members in the respective Member States .
Firstly , increased support for voluntary organizations through the Structural Funds is positive .
We should not exaggerate the opportunities , but they exist and we should make use of them .
But there are also some things I think we should guard against .
Our task is to encourage and support voluntary organizations and foundations .
Society 's collective responsibility is not going to be replaced .
I hope that we reach a swift solution with regard to this .
It relates , for example , to people working in the transport sector , railways and aviation , and also doctors in training .
The people who work in these sectors have precisely the same need of rest , sleep and holidays as we 'ordinary people ' .
It states that future legislation must not undermine the regional or local collective employment contracts which apply in the Member States and which offer higher levels of social protection than those now envisaged by the Commission .
I welcome the Commission 's plan of action in this area because I believe it is a very important sector for Europe .
Above all , it was imports from the countries of southern Europe , which were then demanding free trade and access to markets , which revolutionized conditions for , amongst others , Sweden 's industrial districts .
However , the companies I am now talking about in Sweden 's industrial districts are not helped by distorting financial subsidy programmes within the EU or by textile quotas .
I fully respect the fact that we need a transition period .
I do not believe that it is an end in itself for us to try to preserve many of the poor jobs which actually exist in the sector today .
Mr President , democracy in the EU countries and in the EU is based on and emanates from the national constitutions and the national parliaments .
In the report , paragraph 4 on additional seats at the EU level appears unrealistic .
They cannot therefore play a true democratic role .
Of course , we should like to have seen a much larger sum , but the Council clearly does not think that youth projects are particularly important to invest in , which is something we of course regret .
The programme could be a significant first step in that .
However , from the point of view of the Swedish Green Party , some of the proposals are questionable , although I do welcome the principle of a Europe-wide voluntary service for young people , which must be supported .
I would like to thank Commissioner Bonino for her answer which I had not really expected .
If nothing is done about it , it will grow into a very , very big border dispute .
I am pleased that Commissioner Bonino quite rightly asserts that wild salmon have recovered in many places in the Baltic Sea , and that she is also well aware of the fact that we have many difficult regional conflicts and conflicts between different types of fish .
Does the Commission intend to proceed with the question of marked salmon ?
Open debate also makes consumers environmentally aware .
Nor can it be wrong to use the income to rectify the damage caused by the discharge .
It is important for environmental charges to be set in a proper way and to be based on solid factual foundations , such as in the form of life-cycle analyses .
One financial instrument not mentioned in the report is transferable emission rights .
Madam President , Sweden and the Swedish Green Party have a lot of experience of environmental charges .
The Scandinavian countries are well placed in the study which has been made .
In this debate , the Scandinavian model of having many environmental charges can serve as a good example of the fact that it is possible for other countries to introduce similar environmental charges , and that it has positive effects not only on the environment , but also on employment and the economy .
We want to see some positive action for environmental charges , not just empty words here in an empty chamber .
Milosevic is continuing with his attacks , fighting is taking place , villages are being bombed , many people are being killed , people are fleeing .
After that , real negotiations about Kosovo 's future can begin .
We expect the European Union , led by its Council of Ministers , to put a stop to oppression and tyranny in our part of the world .
In these years he stressed at the same time that the fight should only be fought with peaceful means .
Within the European Union it should not make any difference whether we are Swedes , Greeks , Austrians or Portuguese , or whether we are Protestants , Catholics , Muslims or Jews .
I thank the Council for its reply , but I am not satisfied with it .
In fact , they are changed very seldom