We should not automatically assume that they are incompatible ; the matter is being looked into .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , thank you for this opportunity to discuss here in Parliament beforehand the European Council meeting to be held on 14 and 15 December .
The main themes at the summit that convenes tomorrow will be enlargement , more effective decision-making in justice and home affairs , and immigration policy .
The Presidency has a clear mandate from the June European Council to hold this debate .
It is our intention that the outcome of the European Council 's enlargement debate should result in a renewed agreement by the Member States on the future of enlargement .
Enlargement is not the only topic of major importance to the future of the Union to be discussed at the summit starting tomorrow .
It was the aim of the Finnish Presidency to move on to a more active phase of the debate on the Constitutional Treaty after a year of silence .
Consultations have now been held with all Member States and with Romania and Bulgaria , which will join the Union on 1 January 2007 .
It has been too early to look for ready solutions , but we have been able to identify certain priorities in the views expressed by the Member States .
We now need to consider together how best to move forward .
This makes Finland the 16th Member State to ratify the Treaty .
There is quite a lot of evidence showing that the Union is currently unable to meet its citizens ' expectations as well as it might .
Time after time , the way forwards is obstructed by a small minority of Member States using their veto to block a decision .
Unfortunately , last week a framework decision on prisoner transfers was scuppered by the opposition of one Member State .
Police cooperation and cooperation in criminal matters is a difficult area .
Some Member States have said that , instead of striving for more effective decision-making , the Union should concentrate on developing concrete cooperation .
This problem cannot be ignored .
It is clearly not just the public but also the EU Member States that have been frustrated with the way the Union operates .
Some Member States have decided to pursue the path of cooperation outside EU structures .
It has become clear during the course of the Finnish Presidency , however , that the Member States are not keen on this solution .
The European Council is set to discuss more effective decision-making in the field of justice and home affairs .
The Presidency very much appreciates the contribution Mr Borrell made at the informal meeting of Heads of State or Government in Lahti , where you , Mr President , clearly expressed Parliament 's opinion that decision-making in the area of justice and home affairs had to be made more effective .
A great deal of work has been done on various issues relating to immigration during Finland 's Presidency .
That has also proven to be the right way to tackle this issue .
We organised two productive ministerial conferences on immigration and development .
We have consistently stressed that the EU needs to be able to formulate a comprehensive policy for managing immigration , one that gives due attention to the issues surrounding both illegal and legal immigration , including integration .
It is important for us to be able to agree not just on long-term action but also on measures that the Union can take in response to sudden and unexpected migration flows .
Since there is only one official meeting of the European Council during our Presidency , a great many hopes and expectations have been pinned on the conclusions of the meeting .
They should not be just a list of all the pending issues and all matters for consideration .
These are important themes for the future of the Union , and the European Council will monitor how work is progressing on all of them when it meets next spring .
( Applause ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , first of all , thank you for this excellent debate and the comments and counsel the Presidency has received during the discussions .
In several speeches , questions about a social Europe arose .
Let me remind you , however , that at the informal summit at Lahti there was also a social summit , and as President Barroso mentioned , this autumn a decision on the Globalisation Adjustment Fund was reached .
Regarding immigration , the Union is specifically aiming at a comprehensive debate on immigration issues , and this the European Council intends to confirm in its discussions at the weekend .
In the summer and this autumn we organised two conferences with our African partners on this , so that we might examine the root causes of illegal immigration in particular and get to grips with them over the long term .
I would remind members from the new Member States that we sometimes need painstaking effort to establish EU agencies .
Finally , I would like to return to the debate on the Constitutional Treaty .
We have to remember that the bilateral consultations engaged in by the Finnish Presidency are due to the conclusions of the June European Council , which gave Germany the task of reporting on the situation regarding the Constitution for the European Council next spring .
We have now got through the first round of consultations .
We all seem to know very well what people think in different countries .
This has simply been an opportunity to hear people 's opinions , and there are only very tentative conclusions to be drawn .
( Applause ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , many of the decisions taken by the European Union have a direct or indirect effect on children 's lives .
Examples of this are