last week of a memorial in the House of Representatives and Senate of the State of Idaho , in the United States .
It has been argued that the world 's real civil society was in attendance in Brazil and not in New York .
The solutions are difficult and complex .
The report acknowledges the benefits of international economic integration , but also notes the existence of systemic deficiencies and the fact that poverty is still a significant problem .
The report considers two perspectives : firstly , in relation to the so-called Tobin tax as an instrument for stabilising the currency markets , the analysis leads us to the conclusion that it is difficult to imagine that this tax would make a fundamental contribution to the stability of exchange rates .
Furthermore , within the framework of its commitment to protect the environment , it is developing and promoting the use and distribution of technologies which respect the environment both inside and outside of Europe .
The 'Everything but arms ' initiative is an important step in this direction , but it is not enough and we urge others to follow our example and to improve access to the market for the least-developed countries .
Therefore , with a view to the success of the Conference on Financing for Development in Monterrey , the Commission has recommended that the Council increase the volume of Official Development Aid and we suggest that by 2006 all countries whose percentage of aid in relation to GNP is less than the European Union average of 0.33 % , should have reached that level .
However , real progress can only be made if the main partners commit themselves to playing a pivotal role and in this respect I am convinced that we , in the European Union , can and must play that fundamental role .
Having heard your comments , I am going to refer to each of these issues : firstly , development aid .
I would like to make a very specific comment on debt : it is true that the European Union has made a fundamental effort in relation to the cancelling of ACP countries ' debts .
The Commission believes that , on the aspects relating to globalisation , support for development and the environment , we must move ahead together and at the same time , without forgetting one fundamental approach : the one stemming from the Doha commitments .
This report supplements , strengthens and , in a positive sense , counterbalances the communications which we have received from the Commission since Commissioner Vitorino took up this post .
This is the message we must communicate and , if we manage to deliver it to its destination , we will make Europe a principal player which is respected on the world stage .
In principle , therefore , the Socialist Group will vote in favour of all the amendments .
Furthermore , Parliament must be informed on time , and not only informed , but it must also be in a position to be able to contribute its ideas and suggestions on the best definition of Community policies .
Congratulations once again to Mrs Malmström .
At the moment , the Council are asking us for a change to the legal basis exclusively for the Regulation on administrative cooperation .
I believe this must end and that the President of Parliament should lodge a protest and condemn such acts .
Halfway through the period of application of the funds , the Commission should inform Parliament about the evaluation of its compliance on the basis of objective criteria .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , Commissioner , my group would like to congratulate both rapporteurs and vote in favour of their reports .
We will not achieve anything that way .
The financial perspectives are even less sufficient for the requirements .
Now we are attaching increasing importance to the fight against poverty , which is a great thing , but which is essentially , in the current context , a reflection of the bad conscience of the wealthy Europeans , but we are not implementing external policy .
The reports by Mr Färm and Mr Stenmarck reflect Parliament 's concerns and priorities in relation to these issues and I therefore join in congratulating them on their excellent work .
This could provide us with a margin for flexibility in order to more efficiently adapt political priorities to the available resources .
We have had to separate two directives - the one on gas and the one on electricity - and we have had to do a lot of work very quickly .
If public monopolies are turned into private oligopolies , we will have achieved little .
This objective is based on providing the European economy with all the elements of a market , while guaranteeing our citizens a series of rights which we consider to be basic within the model of society , the balances , solidarities and cohesion we want to create .
Amongst them , the first report on the creation of the internal market in gas and electricity which clearly indicated the distortions caused by the differing degrees of openness and the differences between the structural measures adopted .
I am pleased that Parliament - and specifically the two rapporteurs - is taking the approach contained in the Commission proposal , particularly with regard to the dates for opening up the market , the separation of the operators of the networks and the competences of the regulatory authorities , which are crucial elements in terms of the correct operation of the system .
The Commission is aware of the importance of guaranteeing availability of the funds at all times for future dismantling activities , not only for the purposes of the internal energy market , but also to ensure that those funds are specifically destined for those activities .
