Thus , in the future , we will need to have a research budget that is equal to our ambitions .     Mr President , Mr Dimas , Mrs Beckett , only a few years ago , when climate change was being discussed , some people would smile dubiously .
What is Europe waiting for , moreover , to really open the debate - a serious debate , devoid of passion - on nuclear energy ?
This task forms part of a broader strategy aimed at enhancing the safety of the booming air transport sector .
The fact that the great phenomenon of oceanic respiration , with vast rivers plunging in the North Atlantic only to resurface in the Pacific , has an influence on the climate , matters even less here .
Thirdly , the development of the practical work done on the political responses to be provided in relation to globalisation and our ageing populations , focusing on specific areas such as research and development , universities , energy and demographics , including the issue of immigration .
Yet , we also need to make greater efforts to ensure that the European Union fully takes its place in the debate on the responses to be provided in relation to globalisation .
Nevertheless , at the same time , there are areas where we have to do more , not less .
How can we respect the commitments we made at the United Nations for the Millennium Development Goals ?
No Member State can do enlargement on the cheap .
Viewed from the outside , the Union serves as an example .
In 2003 , the investments of the 15 were four times higher in the ten new countries than in China , which received only 3.8 % of European investment .
It is budgetary resources that Europe sorely lacks .
In the mid-term review requested by the Commission and Parliament , the Presidency and the entire European Council must make the political commitment to propose a European mechanism providing the European Union with real independent resources for the future of the Union’s policies .
Yet , this will also be the last useful moment for the British Prime Minister if he is not to go down in history as the man who contributed to the failure of Europe and if he is not to go down in history as the one who deliberately turned the page on Europe’s political union .     Mr President , I have looked up the word ‘informal ’ in my French dictionary .
We are not going to harmonise everything , but it is still possible to make progress in certain areas .
In order to contemplate a relaunch of Europe , however , the European Council must first remove a basic obstacle , because , given that almost all of the Member States have reached a common opinion on the financial perspective 2007–2013 , on the basis of the negotiations undertaken by the Luxembourg Presidency , they absolutely must reach an agreement by the end of the year .
So why , under such circumstances , would Parliament accept such a weak proposal ?
Actually , these provisions replace some obsolete texts that were unsuitable for the encouragement of innovation and for adequate protection of people in an increasingly complex , dangerous and changing environment .
An extensive and rigorous system of registration for chemicals in order to recognise them , to evaluate their risk , to give information about them to users and to avoid those that are harmful . 2.
Here we have totally undermined the very foundations of REACH.
Is that the case with jawed traps that crush under water ?
Has there been any threat of sanctions ?
The birth of the African Union and the adoption of the New Partnership for Africa ’s Development , the reinforced role of Africa ’s Regional Economic Communities and the emergence of a new generation of leaders at national level have changed the way Africa is governed .
Recent experience – and I am thinking in particular of the Peace Facility for Africa – shows how intimately security and development are linked and how important it is for European policies in these areas to be closely coordinated .
We need to guarantee access to irreproachable information and education on sexual and reproductive health , make training women a priority so as to make it easier for them to make decisions on issues of sexuality and reproductive health , and thus offer them the means and methods necessary to protect themselves from HIV infection .
It is difficult to achieve , despite the fact that it would obviously only be on a voluntary basis , as development – as I have had occasion to say in the past – is an area of shared competence ; there is therefore nothing to fear in terms of Member States’ sovereignty , but it would constitute quite significant progress .
I cannot do anything for 2007 , because we do not have the financial perspective .
There will not be another euro to put in the Peace Facility , and we will find ourselves totally powerless to pursue the policies that we have to pursue .
As far as your proposal for the EIB is concerned , I can tell you – and this is important because it is along exactly the same lines as you suggested – that we are working with Mr Philippe Maystadt on a proper strategy .
In any case , I should like to thank all of those Members who have supported us so actively .
I cannot deny , however , that some of the arguments being put forward by major players trouble me .
I congratulate him and your Parliament , too , on the exceptional quality of this contribution .
Instead of resolutions that tend to be forgotten rather quickly , it would be better if Parliament played an