.
We cannot leave it just to the ALTENER programme to achieve these goals .
It is being proposed that a new special Agency should be set up to coordinate cooperation in the energy sector .
Setting up new agencies does not increase administrative transparency .
Mr President , it is astonishing that market forces have been incapable on their own of boosting the energy efficiency of the fuels they use through the generation of combined heat and power .
It is also needed to compel the Member States to channel resources for the effective use of fuels in the name of efficiency and environmental protection .
An example of setting objectives based on wishful thinking is the promotion of cogeneration now being discussed .
The aim to increase cogeneration to account for 18 % of electricity generation by 2010 or 2012 is a pious hope .
The directive will not mean the market 's unseen hand will lose the power of its grip .
It is only reasonable to insist that the small producers should be certain of having access to the network , and they should get a fair price for electricity from cogeneration .
The former is a synthetic market directive , whilst this directive on cogeneration is financial/technical .
Mr President , I too wish first of all to thank Mr Glante for producing an excellent report .
The proposal for a directive on the promotion of cogeneration is an important part of the EU 's strategy for energy efficiency and energy savings .
The short-term aim must be to develop the present cogeneration plants and , where possible , to encourage the establishment of high-efficiency plants .
It is possible to store heat in all size categories for a day or a year , as opposed to what is stated in the Commission proposal and in certain committee opinions .
Waste heat produced at a cogeneration plant has a potentially wider use than is the case at present .
The correct translation is 'korkean hyötysuhteen' ( 'high-efficiency ' ) .
The word 'suuritehoinen' would lead the reader to understand that the directive only applied to large installations .
The European Space Agency is an essential part of European integration .
At present more than 40 000 people work in the space industry and the sector indirectly creates employment for as many as 250 000 .
By far the largest and most important of the projects jointly engaged in by the European Union and the ESA is the Galileo Satellite Navigation Programme .
It is a system based on satellites and ground stations , which is intended to be introduced in 2008 .
The European system differs from the American GPS and the Russian Glonas systems in that it is the most modern system , and its operation would not be adversely affected in times of crisis .
The EU 's involvement is mainly restricted to developing the Galileo system , which should be completed in 2005 .
The Galileo system is vital for the development of European research and technology .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , numerous environmental disasters such as the latest one concerning the Prestige oil tanker , which was shipwrecked on the Spanish coast , have sped up the progress of environmental liability legislation in the EU.
In my own country , Finland , furthermore , people are worried when they see the dreadful condition of some of the oil transporting vessels that sail along our coasts .
Questions of environmental liability are thus naturally close to the hearts of our citizens and therefore also constitute key areas of focus in our policies .
This to be a harmonised framework across the European Union , allowing us to avoid a situation whereby a company chooses to establish its registered office wherever the most favourable legislation applies .
We discussed the Commission proposal on the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market , and we are proposing numerous necessary amendments to it .
The international conventions on nuclear safety are at present being revised , and comparable environmental liability regulations are to be included in them .
It would be unwise of the EU to undermine the importance of the international agreements right now , as they are being revised and will be expanded to apply also to the new Member States .
Mr President , Commissioner , I am one hundred percent behind the basic views expressed in this report by the rapporteur , Mr Sacconi , on voluntary agreements , and especially the notion that the basic assumption behind such voluntary agreements must be that they act as a supplement to existing legislation .
Operators that are prepared to participate in these voluntary agreements may be regarded as pilots of a sort .
For that reason , we really have to make sure that we can measure the results precisely and that there are certain deadlines by which time results must have been achieved .
On the whole I think these voluntary agreements provide added value , but with the provisos that are also linked to the Commission proposal , that is to say , we have to improve legislation , not replace it .
For this special thanks go to my colleague , Mr Sacconi .
As I see it , the gap is now becoming well and truly bridged .
In addition , we must insist on the agreement being representative .
In addition we must ensure the binding nature of any agreement , the assessment of results and possible penalties .
With these conditions in place there is no risk attached to the use of voluntary agreements .
I must also therefore say that the amendment proposed by my colleague , Mrs Oomen-Ruijten , should be supported .
Thus , operators will not be using up their resources looking for loopholes ; instead , they will be seeking ways to effectively implement the objective