is a question as to whether some of these people who have been flooded will be able to be reinsured and whether the insurance companies will take this on again .
There must also be a realisation that the rush to build housing all over the green belt and in rural areas is dangerous folly .
There was often a good reason why our forefathers did not build on these areas because they flood .
Yet today there are governments , like the present Labour government , which are steamrolling informed local opinion into building on precisely these areas .
I do not know exactly the situation across Europe but in the south-east of England this is a real and present danger .
We must fight this headlong rush .
We must take stock and take serious action to cut carbon dioxide emissions .
We must prepare effectively and in a coordinated way in order to protect ourselves .
We must do all in our power to help those already suffering from the terrible effects of the weather , both here in Europe and across the world .
I further ask , in addition to the resolution that we have tabled , that we here in Parliament hold a public hearing on climate change in the near future and I now ask the Committee of Presidents to consider this .
I ask you all to support our resolution .
.
I wholeheartedly support this report by my Socialist colleague , Michel Rocard , on the future financing of health insurance systems .
At a time when the population is ageing dramatically , it is crucial that we look at improving the health care system for people across Europe .
We should not undervalue the basic state provision and importance of arrangements between countries .
Having been ill myself in Belgium , I have witnessed at first hand the benefits of mutual recognition of health care systems .
From my own heartfelt experience , I would certainly not want to see these benefits ruined .
We are asking the Commission to look at the various national health schemes and to examine ways of ensuring a fair deal for those who spend time working in another EU country .
These national provisions are life-saving measures .
However , if we are to have an effective system that can cope with increasing pressure on existing national services , and that makes Europe a healthier place for our citizens , then we should also recognise the importance of supplementary insurance providers .
We should not discriminate against citizens applying to join private health care schemes .
The health of our citizens is extremely precious .
Citizens across the EU must be confident of receiving effective health care no matter which country they are in .
I call on the Commission to take heed of Michel Rocard 's report .
Mr President , I hope the rapporteur will not mind if I say that this is a relatively obscure report that we are taking fairly late on a Thursday evening and that it goes right to the very heart of democracy in the European Union : How do we protect the rights of European citizens ?
There is no doubt that in that role the position of Ombudsman is absolutely critical .
The Ombudsman has a distinctive role and position in the framework of the European institution , but it is a role that requires autonomy .
As we all know , if you are to be independent you need to have financial independence .
In English we have a phrase : " He who pays the piper calls the tune . "
Those who pay for activities or organisations are generally seen to wield some power over those activities or organisations .
That is why the Ombudsman needs to be financially autonomous and as independent as possible so that we in this Parliament cannot be accused of calling the tune .
The public need to have the utmost confidence that the Ombudsman is completely impartial in his investigations .
I , of course , like all Members of this Parliament , have total confidence that Mr Jacob Söderman discharges his responsibilities totally independently but that must be seen to be the case .
That is why financial autonomy is necessary .
It is perhaps also worth pointing out to European citizens that the Ombudsman 's office - not him personally - costs something like EUR 3.9 million a year or less than one cent per person in the European Union .
To my English listeners that is roughly half a penny per annum and that is money well spent .
Thanks to the initiative taken by the Chairman of the Committee on Petitions , Mr Gemelli , the correct legal action has been taken to amend the 1994 decision by the European Parliament on the Ombudsman 's competencies and duties .
As a result of this , the Petitions Committee , in the González Álvarez report , said that the procedure to amend the Ombudsman 's statute should be seen in the light of Article 195 of the European Communities Treaty .
Let us never forget that the role of the Ombudsman is one that is enshrined in the European treaties .
The EPP/ED Group supports the view of the Committee on Constitutional Affairs that the Ombudsman 's competences should be enlarged and the sooner the better , especially in the fields of the Ombudsman 's investigative powers laid down in Article 3 of the 1994 decision .
The quality of the Ombudsman 's actions taken so far proves that the institution of the Ombudsman is growing as a full and necessary instrument for European citizens to submit complaints of maladministration by European institutions .
We in my group appreciate the Ombudsman 's support for the Petitions Committee , the committee that is responsible for relations between the Ombudsman and Parliament