Programme , the matter was timetabled to return to Parliament in good time to facilitate a Council decision during the spring of 1999 .
Environmentally more friendly diesel vehicles would already have begun to be driven on European roads .
Europe presents a variety of faces .
We must not however draw up proposals in such a way that they contain aspects which are bad for the environment .
Let us make very high environmental demands , but let industry too have the time it needs to develop the best possible technical solutions for the future which are good for Europe ' s countryside and for the environment in Europe ' s large population centres .
We must do everything to ensure that the countries with which we are cooperating honour their obligations under the convention .
I think that a step forward was taken when children ' s rights were specified in the progress report on Romania .
I look forward to its arriving no later than with the statements .
We must make sure that countries which sanction child soldiers really are not given the same advantages .
Mr President , the EU will be faced with having to make very large financial investments when , in different rounds , ten or more countries from Eastern and Central Europe and from the Baltic region become members .
The Haug report does not involve our automatically introducing taxation by the EU , but it opens the door for taxation of this kind , which is bad enough .
What is not spelled out is nonetheless what a lot of people are obviously thinking .
If taxes are to be directly discussed at all within the EU , then the Member States must first , in my view , show clearly and precisely which national taxes are to be reduced at the same time .
This will involve better prioritising and concentrating on the major and crucial questions .
Mr President , I am liberal but not ultra-liberal .
The way in which we adapt our methods of obtaining energy must therefore take account of Europe ' s need for growth and increased employment .
Mr Chichester ' s report is mainly characterised by a holistic vision which I am convinced must be present in policy concerning energy and the environment .
It is unusually bad policy to close down properly operating nuclear power stations in the Member States , necessitating a replacement source of power involving increasing carbon dioxide emissions , at the same time as retaining a form of nuclear power which constitutes a serious environmental threat to the whole of our continent .
Therefore , it is naturally important that the European Union should get more of a grip on energy policy in the future .
This especially applies to the United States which appears to be most interested in purchasing so-called hot air from Russia and Ukraine and in that way honouring its commitments .
On the other hand , it must show that it is in fact possible to change course without incurring large costs because we obtain so many other environmental benefits when we limit our dependence upon fossil fuels .
I therefore think that taxation is an important means of control .
The present situation in which large groups of workers are excluded from the EU' s basic working time regulations is unacceptable .
We are therefore going to vote against Amendment No 1 .
Mr President , Commissioner , it feels important to debate this issue with you - an issue which , too , is about the best interests of the child .
In these , she pleads that , whatever judgements are made and whatever concrete steps are taken in this area , they should be so expressly with children ' s best interests in mind .
For example , articles 16 and 18 are needed so that cases of child abduction do not have to lead to judicial reviews .
These questions are not dealt with here but can in practice also involve problems which are tremendously difficult to solve .
Finally , I want to say that the present partnership should aim to create a situation in which we begin to rely more upon each other in Europe .
You mentioned that EUR 200 million had been invested in the Phare partnership to improve safety .
I think we may have behaved a little stupidly here .
Where Ignalina is concerned , I want to say that I do not think that the information we have obtained is really satisfactory in the light of , for example , the so-called WENRA report where it is stated that we do not have any certain knowledge about safety in so-called reactor shutdown systems .
It is important that there should be legislation of this kind .
What is one prepared to do to ensure that those countries which do not have legislation outlawing domestic violence against women in fact obtain such legislation ?
Where this is concerned , we naturally have high hopes of the Commission .
If delays are to be avoided , what is now really required is the ability to take political action .
In the long term , we cannot have 66 different national or local bodies dealing with the matter .
When does the Commissioner consider we are likely to have implemented such a system ?
The question is this : is it true that the Commission is demanding of the applicant countries that they should establish some form of social dialogue , for example through the three-party cooperation which we have in the present Member States ?
This is , in fact , quite a difficult and sensitive question which may also create a number of problems for those applicant countries which are compelled to introduce a more restrictive policy towards neighbouring countries which they would really like to be more open towards