act for and to have faith in Europe 's citizens , in that we make statements and then , by and large , behave quite differently - even if it does not depend on us but on the Council ; in short , the European institutions say one thing and then do another .
Mr President , the report by Mrs Ghilardotti whom I highly commend is an in-depth , comprehensive examination of all the problems related to the promotion of the role of organizations and foundations .
The purpose of the present motion for a resolution and the related report is basically twofold : first , to provide criteria with which to define in clear and precise terms what is actually meant by fairness and solidarity in trade ; second , to establish the need for a common label for fair trade and to establish the principle that certification organizations operate independently from organizations which engage in importing or selling products .
I recall that the Director General of the World Trade Organization informed the Committee on Development and Cooperation that there are instruments which are compatible with the WTO and which governments can use to support fair trade and avoid discriminations between developing countries .
It is a way of using the mechanisms of the market itself to promote better awareness of the inequities in the relationship between North and South but also to begin experimenting with innovative practices .
In the report that we are about to approve there are proposals to increase Community support for fair trade projects , not only to educate people about development , which is certainly an important aspect , but also to provide direct support to producer organizations .
In practical terms , fair trade must be recognized in its own right as an instrument of development and promoted without delay by making adequate human and financial resources available , possibly by also creating a specific line in the Union 's budget .
Is that how it is ?
Firstly , the proposals must all be far-sighted .
On the matter of immigration for work , I cannot understand why the Group of the European People 's Party has proposed such a bureaucratic and inefficient mechanism in certain amendments .
Lastly , we must also be able to work without discrimination .
As a result of this competition , 600 000 jobs were lost in Europe between 1990 and 1996 and textile production fell by 4.9 % .
I therefore ask the Commission to revise its plans in order to fill the gaps and to include the proposals put forward by the European Parliament .
The Europe of the year 2000 must be served by parliamentarians able to devote all their time to giving the European parliament all its eagerly awaited and necessary legislative power .
These amendments specifically related to the following points : the age band of the volunteers included in the programme-the legal status of volunteers-the relationship with national civil and voluntary services-finance for the programmes .On the first point , we succeeded in reaching a mutually acceptable compromise with Council after the first reading .
In terms of the relationship with national services , we succeeded with great difficulty in drawing up a general formula for possible " complementarity between European Voluntary Service activities and similar national activities of various kinds ' .
Mr President , a European Union framework directive has been in force since 1989 on the approximation of the laws of Member States on additives authorized for use in foodstuffs .
We oppose the use of new additives for pasteurized cream and sterilized milk , mainly because no fewer than thirty-eight additives are already available on the market .
I think what President Santer 's letter to Prime Minister Blair means is that the Commission will not make any proposal to the Council to change the current system .
I will not enter into any commitment at this stage .
I do not want to commit myself further today because we are consulting and I do not want to undermine the exercise completely .
Parliament will naturally be consulted on the proposal as required by Article 43 of the Treaty .
But let me assure you that there is a way to reschedule and reprogramme the present fund .
The Finno-Swedish Border Rivers Commission has banned salmon fishing in river waters as a result of a 1997 resolution , passed by the International Baltic Sea Fisheries Commission , that called on all coastal states to adopt a moratorium on wild salmon fishing in internal waters as part of the strategy to rebuild wild salmon stocks - otherwise known as the salmon action plan .
I can assure Mrs Ahlqvist that there is an ongoing process of dialogue and discussion on salmon fishing in rivers between both States involved .
I was referring , in procedural terms , to the decision taken by the International Baltic Sea Fisheries Commission .
The aim of this is to help stocks recover .
All this is done , naturally , without tackling the indefensible policies that destroy natural resources and without any real moves to carry forward the limited progress made as a consequence of the actions of the European Parliament .
We cannot therefore say that we appreciate the spirit in which the European Parliament has attempted to give substance to an empty proposal presented by the European Commission .
I feel it is fundamentally important for the Commission to tackle the problem of the huge economic impact of environmental taxes and duties , and also their effect on job creation or suppression and international competitiveness .
Too often we have heard in this Parliament that Europe needs to be represented in the world with one strong , uniform voice that carries .
The last point and the most important concerns unemployment .
You said , Mr President-in-Office , that it will be a presidency dominated by work and not play