that the roles of everyone , now and before , are known fact .
It aspires to closer links with the European Union .
The region is already full of tension and burdened down by suffering in myriad forms as a result of the open machinations of powerful states and the zones of influence that they are striving to regain .
First , on respect for human rights , where practices and shortcomings in disregard of everything that the international community stands for are still continuing .
That by approving it we would be helping the cause of human rights .
And as to the economic benefits , just ask the Turkish people .
What did she mean by that , Mr President ?
Mr President , I welcome the proposal of the Commission for the adoption of the programme to promote linguistic diversity in the information society and offer warm congratulations to Mrs Mouskouri .
There is a connection between that and the threat to the lesser-used languages of Europe and to the future of multilingual European culture .
And the ARIANE translation programme was formulated in the same general spirit .
As has been already been emphasized , and I am glad that it has come also from Members whose mother tongue is English , the quick fix of English , of that language which is used in such a debased and codified way , can neither reflect , by itself , nor defend our multi-cultural Europe .
So it should be put to a split vote .
Yet again , we have had a surfeit of proclamations and wishful thinking about unemployment .
Amid a persistence of conflicting statements , a political compromise was reached regarding 'mad cows ' , which provocatively ignores the need to protect citizens ' health on the basis of scientific criteria .
I think that concern is justified , Mr President , and should preoccupy the European Union 's bodies .
I regret , however , that the presidency 's Summit Council rejected President Santer 's proposal to increase structural fund appropriations for the trans-European networks .
This unilateral change in the priority of the major projects , without the European Parliament 's agreement , goes against the letter and spirit of the orders of Article 129 of the Maastricht Treaty , which explicitly require a joint decision by the Council and Parliament before the priority of major projects can be changed .
Mr President , why is the Council of Ministers not accepting the European Parliament 's amendment proposing that from now on the MEDA Regulation should include division of the funds among the Mediterranean countries ?
The more these two increase , the more numerous their victims become , especially women and children , because violence and discrimination against women are not confined just to countries in which armed conflict takes place .
However , such traditions and practices ought not to be used continually as an excuse by certain elements of authority to preserve the status quo .
Most illiterates are women , because they are not recognized as having the right of access to education .
The European Union 's role , then , must be a catalytic one but not only in approaching the issue from an economic standpoint .
And if the reason for this is the complexity of the procedure , perhaps we ought to review that procedure .
I thank Mrs Fouque for her excellent work and hope the Commission will respond to our appeal .
There is therefore no sense in demanding womens ' rights by threatening penalties , but on the contrary , we ought to introduce women themselves to these games , give them the chance to discover them and take an interest , without any fear that they would be betraying their religion , culture , or traditions .
Perhaps it is time to revert to the initial ideals of the Olympic spirit , and promote and implement the games without distinctions of gender , religion , or colour , so that we will never again be faced with similar acute problems of exclusion , which may well become exacerbated in the meantime .
Yet , women and men together lived on Olympus in peace and harmony .
It should be stressed , however , that SMEs and in particular the smaller among them face very acute problems due to the intensified competition brought about by the internal market , the internationalization of production , and the coordinated action of major international capital .
That is the background against which we judge the implementation of the programme ' Facilities for small and medium enterprises ' .
In essence , it is a means of providing yet more help to large companies .
Madam President , first of all I should like to congratulate Mr Bowe on his report and to say that I agree with him that we are moving in the right direction .
Accidents , for example fire or leakage originating from a physical rather than a chemical cause , can occur even just in the simple storage of dangerous substances , and we should also have taken account of instances of that sort and inserted a reference to them .
However , there are already cases - Perama , which I have mentioned , is one - where installations are close to housing , where everything is all mixed up together .
Thirdly , I think that Mr Bowe will agree that toxic waste and ordinary waste are not the same thing .
To allow any recurrence of accidents like those at Chernobyl and Seveso would be unthinkable .
This directive has as its specific objective the control of major accident hazards involving dangerous substances produced and used at industrial installations .
Fourteen years on from the introduction of the directive , the wealth of experience acquired in the interim had to be incorporated into the legislation