is why we need the Structural Funds .
We also emphasise how important it is for environmental work to be given priority within the Structural Funds .
The first matter concerns equal pay for equal work .
That is nothing new , but something also included in previous directives .
The second part to which I wish to draw attention is that concerning parental leave .
We should be concerned here not only with equal treatment for women already established in the labour market but also with non-discrimination when it comes to recruitment and employment conditions .     Mr President , Commissioner , Foreign Secretary Straw , on behalf of the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe , I wish to welcome you here and wish you good luck with your work .
It is a priority task for the whole of the world community to support the Iraqi authorities in bringing the violence to an end , rebuilding the country and introducing democracy , peace and stability .
We do not need to dig ourselves into trenches .
The Iraqi people are courageous and patient .
We would also appeal to Iraq to abolish the death penalty in the longer term .
After years of Saddam Hussein’s regime , the Iraqi people have now been given the opportunity to construct their country in a free and democratic way .
On the contrary , the situation is such that , for a long time to come , efforts will have to go on being made and a strong international presence will be required .
Still more time is required in countries such as Iraq or Bosnia where there is a variety of groups opposing the democratisation process .
In my opinion , unification is precisely what would make it possible to stabilise the situation in Iraq and to overcome the problems we have there at present .     The report is aimed at having the EU accede to UN Economic Commission for Europe Regulations Nos 94 and 95 .
We are opposed to patents on pure software and wish to protect classic patent law .
Our ambition has been to improve the Council of Ministers ’ common position .
The consequences of certain wordings also have been difficult to foresee .
One of the main problems in this connection is that the European Patent Office ( EPO ) has issued a number of trivial patents and patents for pure software .
With a view to controlling the EU’s growing zeal for centralisation and regulation , the EU’s tasks need to be clearly demarcated and its budget kept within bounds .
This is a crucial area with which international organisations such as the ILO are adept at dealing .
The proposal would supplement the Brussels Regulation on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters , together with the Rome Convention on the law applicable to contractual obligations .
Nor would it be appropriate for foreign law to be applied in assessing the permissibility of industrial action taken under Swedish law on Swedish territory .
We believe , however , that the structure of the EU budget must become more modern .
We therefore also support the report aimed at increasing the role of women in Turkey .
The rigid bureaucratic structure and the expensive agricultural policy must be fundamentally reformed before Turkey can become a member .     The UN has an important role in the reconstruction of Iraq and in ensuring that democratic institutions are set up .
We therefore choose to vote against the report as a whole .     We wholeheartedly support the fight against global poverty .
Instead , significant issues of this kind should be dealt with by the respective Member States .
International aid efforts should be coordinated by organisations that have long experience and wide-ranging legitimacy , such as the UN and UN bodies .     The June List supports the Swedish Government’s demand that cohesion aid be reduced from the proposed EUR 336.1 billion to not quite EUR 200 billion in the financial perspectives for 2007-2013 .
At present , far too much money goes to poor regions in relatively rich countries .
As recently as today , someone has placed an explosive charge by the monument erected in Srebrenica in memory of all the victims .
I therefore want to describe to you what it is like to be on the other side .
His eyes widened as if he could scarcely believe what he was witnessing .
That boy , however , called for his mum , as children do when they have had a horrible dream . ’ If we are to have any chance at all of moving on after the Balkan wars , we must primarily ensure that everyone who is guilty of crimes is brought to justice : not only those who are accused before the Hague Tribunal but also those who are still free and who should be prosecuted before the national courts as soon as possible .
I therefore think that this case is incredibly central to Turkey’s democratic credibility .
It is still only a couple of years since we saw huge accidents involving collapsing tailings dams in Spain and Romania .
At present , the European Union has no effective rules for dealing with these environmental problems .
We would make tough demands on the safety and supporting capacity of tailings dams .
It is therefore important for us to adopt those amendments from the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Food Safety whereby we are now trying to put back what was adopted at first reading .
We also believe that the environmental problems that arise in excavation voids following extraction of minerals should be covered by the directive .
In the Council’s common position , large groups of waste are exempted from essential parts of the directive , for example the financial guarantee .
