Basically , Mr President , Madam President-in-Office of the Council , ladies and gentlemen , I have to say that the Commission ' s draft budget did not really impress us , and that we are disappointed with the Council ' s budget proposal .
We do not feel that this is a good policy .
The sacrifice of the European Union ' s fundamental priorities , no .
But , Mr Bourlanges , thirty years ago you were a Gaullist and now you are the opposite of a Gaullist , since you are a centrist .
But perhaps we would be better advised to start to realise that the construction of Europe rests upon foundations which are so undemocratic that there is nothing to choose between the many states in the world which we often criticise and this so-called democratic system we have today .
What is more , these rights , as far as citizens are concerned , are already properly protected by the legal systems in force .
This tradition of welcoming others with respect for their dignity must continue , for , believe me , no woman and no man would ever leave their family , their village or their country unless there was an overwhelming need to provide for their kith and kin .
Furthermore , the Union must implement fundamental action on a world-wide scale to ensure that the differences in living standards between North and South stop increasing and that globalisation is not synonymous , as unfortunately it is today , with ecological and social damage throughout the world , including within the European Union .
Madam President , in the course of the debate yesterday , I presented the reasons why my group could not affirm its confidence in the Prodi Commission .
Unfortunately , this resolution is contaminated by a number of irregular conditions , for example , the one which stipulates that the Prodi Commission undertakes to include on the agenda for the Intergovernmental Conference , in addition to the three points already determined , an important programme of institutional reforms .
She has been approved , I voted for her , but she has not yet been appointed , it is absurd .
( FR ) I must add that the spectacle offered this morning was shameful , particularly before Mrs Halonen .
The first conclusion I draw from this is that we are faced with a reliable team of Commissioners who , by and large , are competent in their own areas .
And , going on from that , what approach to negotiations with the WTO in order to defend the uniqueness of the European social model and to promote a new type of co-operation between the countries of North and South ?
As head of Delors ' cabinet , Lamy was responsible for ensuring that the Commission developed its own security department to the point that it became a " state within a state " , as is also maintained in the report by the Experts ' Committee .
- ( FR ) I would like to report my great satisfaction at having been able to participate in the great democratic event we have just experienced , which is unparalleled on the European political scene .
My vote is not therefore a challenge to the Commissioners-designate .
For our part , we condemn it resolutely .
Draft supplementary and amending budgets ( SAB ) 1/99 , 3/99 and 4/99 Mr President , as we now know , what is happening in East Timor is both a crime and a tragedy .
If it is not the civil government , then we should denounce a bloodless coup in Indonesia .
The disaster was not unexpected .
If a different international law must be created , with a real duty to intervene incorporated in it , not because Indonesia is right-wing or allied to Clinton , whereas Milosevic is supposedly left-wing , but a true right to intervene like the one we have just seen emerge , then we should draw our lessons from this in order to set the right of the individual before even the right of peoples , and to ensure that such massacres cannot be repeated in future .
We could parachute certain things in , as we do have the necessary military and technical resources .
There are three things whose presence we welcome .
From this point of view , a length of stay of 30 months seems , at least to start with , quite satisfactory .
So what programme does this civilian society need in order to be able to , as Mr Haarder said , take control of reconstruction ?
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , our colleague , the rapporteur Mrs Pack , gave a good description of the disastrous situation in Kosovo : the collapse of public services and chaos in the areas of administration and law-enforcement .
We have had in the recent past , several tragic examples of accidental pollution in the form of spillages of hydrocarbons and other dangerous substances , particularly chemical ones .
Community rules must be applied fairly throughout the Union so that all businesses are competing within the framework of the Single Market .
The European Union is still providing humanitarian aid to Serbia .
We are worried because the accused do not have the right to mount a defence .
The absence of an independent electoral commission , the absence of fair access to the media , the absence of any guarantee of the right to campaign , have all led the opposition , which is in the majority , to boycott next spring ' s legislative elections .
We are delighted at this of course , but much work remains to be done .
You know , we could be discussing colours for hours on end .
I find it regrettable .
We are now at a time when we must go