I would say that we must do more , we must do it better and we must do it more quickly .
Now , for our part , we are ready to shoulder our responsibilities .     – Mr President , I think that we can echo Mr Michel , who proposes to do more , better and more quickly .
So , what are we to do ?
This would rob a people of the best of itself .
The debt issue is certainly important , but it is not , strictly speaking , a development tool .
I wanted to say , as Hilary Benn and Jack Straw have done , that now is the time to act .
The crisis in Europe today has a lot to do with the deficit of democracy , an area where the Council has an overwhelming responsibility , as it has proved amply on this issue .
The Commission has offered no argument to justify this u-turn – indeed , no justification would have been possible .
I abstained because , firstly , I cannot approve the common position and , secondly , because I would have preferred to amend the proposal and not to allow the vacuum and the present confusion to continue …     – By voting this lunchtime to reject the Council’s common position , I wanted to express a clear rejection of all forms of patentability of software .
It is discrimination against the local authorities and civil organisations in the new Member States .
With regard to the damage to personal reputation or private life due to attacks by the media , it should be emphasised that obtaining compensation has become extremely difficult .
Today , the European Union provides political stability .
Very good .
We entirely agree that it is necessary to improve the provision of services of general interest in developing countries , for example in the water and transport sectors .
The review of the external lending mandates , which the EIB and the Commission are now beginning , provides the opportunity to do so .
If I might make a personal observation , for this to be possible , the Finance Ministers will have to come to believe that the Development Ministers have a contribution to make to the Board of Governors , so that we can move away from a purely financial way of thinking , which I fear is not the right approach .
We have also released EUR 3 million to support the international and regional dialogue on improving forest governance and combating illegal logging .
A technical assistance programme costing EUR 15 million is also expected to start in Indonesia in 2005 .
Mr President , this morning we had a long debate about poverty .
I hope that you will bring forward proper legislation under the environmental heading and tackle this very important development issue , which is vital if we are ever to make poverty history .     First of all , I do not want there to be any misunderstanding , Mr Davies : I stand by what I said to you at our very useful and interesting meeting .
Mrs  Hall , you said that we should quite simply ban illegal timber .
Obviously , I cannot promise you that I will succeed , but I will do all I can to move this matter on in the direction that you want , as I share your concerns in this regard .
We want to eliminate the obstacles to cross-border clearing and settlement , and thus to enable clearing and settlement service providers , if they so wish , to access other markets in the European Union and provide their services in those markets , within a commonly accepted regulatory and supervisory framework .
This approach corresponds perfectly to the point of view expressed in Mrs Kauppi’s report .
The report itself prefers the concepts of non-discriminatory access and transparency of pricing structures .
Having successfully harmonised the markets , we urgently need to harmonise the post-market sector if we want to benefit from all our work in the context of the financial services action plan .     Mr President , thank you for your remarks and comments on this important report .
I think that the European institutions are living a thousand leagues away from the reality of the European people .
We believe that this really is a poor assessment .
I can tell you that the glass is half empty or half full , depending on how you look at it .
It is positive that we have succeeded in having Natura 2000 taken into account in the EAFRD.
The second criticism is as follows : I believe that the European Commission must not offload its responsibilities with regard to the environment .
When choices have to be made between different priorities , economic priorities and environmental priorities , it is well known that , unfortunately , it is the environment that suffers and is the victim of those choices .
We need to have the guarantee that this EUR 21 billion will indeed be shared out across the budget .
The Commission must in fact go on the offensive to ensure that third countries comply with the TRIPS Agreement , particularly with regard to textile designs .
Our objective is clearly to lessen the impact of a historic agreement on trade liberalisation , which was finalised exactly 10 years ago .
We do not rule out possible future actions if they are really justified .
We have to measure the effects of change on EU industry and on developing partner countries .
The first concerns two paragraphs in the report that seek to minimise the scope of the REACH Directive , and which we consider to be totally unacceptable .
The numerous trade unionists today incarcerated in Chinese prisons ought to be the subject of protection measures , protection measures provided for in the EU