I believe that it is essential for the EU to take immediate steps and concrete measures to 'meet the special needs of regions characterised by natural or demographic handicaps of a serious and permanent nature , such as coastal regions , islands , mountain regions , cross-border and outermost regions ' .
These options , instruments and objectives have now been taken up again by the 2020 strategy .
The cohesion policy has been important in creating a better balance between European regions , and is now seen as crucial for overcoming the current financial crisis that the EU is experiencing by strengthening competitiveness and local potential .
Given its horizontal approach , only through a strong and properly financed cohesion policy can development be fostered in the European Union , and the Union made more competitive in the face of global challenges .
I also look forward to the results of the second summit of Heads of State or Government , scheduled for 7 June in Barcelona this year .
The cultures that emerged on its shores constituted the nucleus of what was Western civilisation , and both sides contributed to forging identities with clear affinities .
The strengthening of Euro-Mediterranean relations is becoming more pressing due to the impact that it will certainly have on consolidating a space of peace and cultural , economic , political and social development .
That is why a break with this path of progressively liberalising international trade is needed .
In this regard , I would like to highlight the important role that will come to be played by the EU Parliamentary Assembly - Eastern Neighbourhood countries .
I also hope that the EU will contribute to the adoption of and generalised respect for freedom , democracy , fundamental rights and the rule of law in the region .
This report on the EU 's strategy for the Caucasus is just another part of the process of spreading a narrow viewpoint to disguise its economic and geopolitical interests in the region .
The EU can do much more than just renewing sanctions on the regime .
In this House today we are discussing Parliament 's mandate in the negotiations with the Commission and the Council over the budget for 2011 .
The mandate lays emphasis on youth , but it is obvious that this has been sacrificed on the altar of blinkered accounting .
The Commission now wants it to cease to apply to so-called self-employed drivers , which would aggravate everyone 's working conditions , particularly due to the possibility that working hours will be increased to intolerable levels simply to allow greater profits for the major employers in the sector .
This issue needs to be clearly opposed by a majority in Parliament , but this has already been jeopardised by the Commissioner .
The special requirements for labelling on wine can be explained historically by the fact that this is a highly regulated product with certain qualities .
Worsening market instability has contributed to exacerbating the situations of many companies which have proven less able to adjust to globalisation .
I would like to repeat the Commission 's recommendation that funds should not be transferred from the European Social Fund in order to provide payments under the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund ( EGF ) .
The aim of the EGF is to help workers who are victims of the relocation of companies , and it is fundamental in facilitating their future access to new employment .
The country dubbed the ' Celtic Tiger ' once boasted remarkable levels of growth , but has been suffering from the impact of the crisis and the effects of globalisation over recent years .
This is due to the Member States repeatedly failing to make use of the available funds , to the clear detriment of workers who become unemployed in these countries , as has been happening in Portugal due to the continual increase in bankruptcies and unemployment rates .
That is why I voted as I did .
I would therefore like to stress the need for special focus on the negative impact of the current economic crisis on the most rural areas .
That is why I voted as I did .
The EU is an area of solidarity , and the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund ( EGF ) is part of that .
This will include studies on the implementation of the EGF , the reintegration of workers into the labour market , and the development of networks between services provided by Member States that are competent in matters relating to the EGF and the exchange of best practice , along with the creation and implementation of the website .
Member States should decentralise the implementation of cohesion policy in order to ensure the proper running of multi-level governance , respecting the principles of partnership and subsidiarity .
However , the definition of the 'beneficiaries ' and the amount of public funding paid to the beneficiary (amounts allocated or effectively paid ) to be published is unclear .
I also believe that the proposal for bilingualism in official information provided by the Member States to the public on the process for providing funds is a good idea .
Regional policy and the European Union Cohesion Fund are fundamental for the principle of solidarity among Member States .
Transparency in the use of Community funds and public information on the beneficiaries of the EU funds is essential to the European Transparency Initiative ( ETI) .
Besides issues surrounding more widespread dissemination of data about beneficiaries , the need for less bureaucracy and the acceleration of procedures , the aim of the document , which has my vote , is to effect transparency in the partnership between regions , Member States and the European Union .
I voted in favour of the extension of the International Fund for Ireland , as I believe that it