and progress in the quality of training and its constant critical review by colleges and universities and all of their members ought really to be much more a matter of course , in the interest of the best possible life and career opportunities for young graduates .
We should also welcome efforts to align quality in Europe .
Fourthly , we should not demand too much of the contributors .
Mr President , in his report Mr Cañete has very carefully evaluated how the Cohesion Fund was implemented for the 1996 financial year .
In the relevant report on fraud prevention for 1996 , the Commission stated that 50 % of the irregularities were caused by the failure to submit proper documents and proof of expenditure .
The amendment which we have proposed , and which was tabled on behalf of my group , can really only be understood from this perspective .
The second aspect of the Herman report concerns the regulations for the " consultation of the European Central Bank by national authorities on draft legislative provisions ' .
In view of the risk , which has been clearly expressed in the debate , that the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs in particular might completely drain the Commission 's proposal - and the position adopted by the European Parliament - of any specific , and therefore possibly controversial content , our support of Mr Gasòliba i Böhm 's report gives expression to our view that a " European economic government ' is in fact required for the euro but that binding and substantial directives on economic policy must be adopted as an absolute minimum measure .
I believe we should agree to proceed with equal intensity wherever we observe such shortcomings , and must continue to do so resolutely until the situation improves .
As a further example , I am concerned that the application of prenatal diagnosis will lead to the selection of disabled persons .
If it supposedly poses no danger , then it is more than suspicious that liability is so vehemently rejected .
It is obvious that the 3b regulatory committee procedure , which the European Parliament completely excludes from the consultations on changing the criteria which allow certain genetically modified micro-organisms to be exempted from the field of application of the directive , is completely unacceptable for us as the European Parliament .
I can support what is proposed in the common position .
Yet we are now approaching the year 2000 and still think in this way .
Should you accept our proposals , the Agenda will be able to proceed far faster than hitherto envisaged ; otherwise , we must prepare to go through a long rigmarole .
Mr President , I will limit myself to only a few basic comments .
Why ?
But they will have to be able to see it in their wallets when they go shopping .
This would also help to stabilize the situation in the world market , which in turn would benefit those countries that are weakest in terms of agricultural production .
In this area , the Commission 's proposal remains inadequate .
I would like to say very clearly once again : anyone wishing to terminate the EU 's solidarity project is attacking the very heart of the integration process .
Thus , Objective 2 in the Commission 's proposal seems to simply pass the problem down .
Moreover , solidarity does not mean taking more assistance than necessary .
In my view , this is a clear violation of the principle of subsidiarity .
Mr President , Madam Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , we have less than a year ; by then everything must be in place - everything that we want to have discussed and decided in relation to Agenda 2000 .
There can be no question of our standing here and saying " We have received money from the Member States , ' and the Member States saying , " Give it back to us - we know best how to distribute it . '
Rural areas must at least be worthy of a subgoal within Objective 2 , with guaranteed funding .
The Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development cannot make its own decisions on this and say that none of it is its concern .
If there are problems , we look into them individually .
Furthermore , the agreement is not concerned with a ban on investment in Cuba but only on the part relating to state aid .
But it is a very positive sign that , despite this , we are able to talk about a political settlement .
The proposed amendments to the common position bring the harmonization process one step further forward ; they are based on the revised basic conditions - the newly-developed just in time strategy , for example .
I recall that at first reading we dealt with some 750 amendments and - looking over to the other side of the House - they either got through or did not get through , as the case may be , in the midst of much highly controversial debate here .
Further , we are actually somewhat disappointed that not all the improvements for small and medium-sized enterprises were adopted by the Council .
However , we have our doubts as to the adequacy of the Council 's proposals on the budget , financing arrangements and management .
I would also like to make just a few comments on the budget .
I think this is because we are forever chasing the mirage of fusion .
We have one clear adversary , the Council .
I would particularly like to emphasize the fact that the Council has expressly stressed organic substances in its chapter on ecologically friendly energy systems , including renewable energy sources .
The White Paper correctly highlights the major importance of difficult conditions of competition for renewable energy sources