than mandatory to cater for different Member State practices .
We believe that the negations to come will provide an opportunity to tackle these issues and we look forward to enactment of the directive and the benefits it will bring to workers in the UK and other EU countries .
I voted against these reports because they enshrine within them the principle that sex perversion is elevated onto the level of holy marriage and sex only within the marriage bond .
They also discriminate against people and organisations who believe the Holy Scriptures to be the Word of God , the only infallible Rule of Faith and Practice , forcing such believers to employ those who propagate and practise acts of sex totally against the scriptural ethics .
It is on this issue alone that I voted no .
support this report from my colleague , Gary Titley , and agree with him that responsible arms trade practices form part of the "acquis communautaire " and therefore candidate countries should be actively involved in the further development of the Code of Conduct on arms exports and that this should be legally binding .
I particularly share his view that there is a need to establish common rules and effective EU controls to combat illegal arms trafficking and to control the legal trade in small arms and light weapons .
I trust the Member States will give this considered and early attention .
We take the view that the restructuring of the defence industry should not be motivated by the political ambition to create a common defence policy , but by the strategic and industrial requirements of the major companies and Member States involved .
On this basis , link-ups between European and North American companies are as much to be welcomed as between European companies .
While we can support a code of conduct which sets out a level playing field with a set of rules to which we can all voluntarily adhere , we do not wish to encumber industry with more unnecessary regulations .
In particular , we do not support the proposal , in Paragraph 9 of the resolution , that the code of conduct should be made legally binding .
Our objections to this are four-fold : the possibility of yet another range of activities being justiciable in the European Court of Justice is opened up ; the possibility of obtaining agreement by other arms exporting countries outside the EU to an international code of conduct will be that much more difficult and unattractive if it is legally binding ; if legal sanctions are involved there is a danger that some of those involved in the arms trade will be less open in their activities ; there may be reluctance by some countries to place arms orders with European states which are encumbered by legislation , particularly when a long-term after-sales support relationship may be involved .
While there is much that we can agree with in this resolution there are a number of fundamental flaws and this is why we have abstained in our vote .
Report Angelilli ( A5-0258/2000 )
I welcome the main provisions of this report , which highlights once again the importance that the European Parliament attaches to the protection of our young children in Europe .
This report confirms that it is in the public interest to protect children from viewing excessive television violence and other programmes that may produce harmful effects .
The subject of this report is both highly specific and highly complex .
Any further analysis of specific technology such as filtering systems will have to take account of the advances in technology which are evident today .
This report is based on the principle of common sense .
It is premised on the need for television broadcasting to take responsibility for the protection of minors by means of a self-regulatory code which should apply throughout the European Union .
A committee of experts will also be constituted at a European Community level with the mandate of drawing up a memorandum setting out general principles for the protection of minors in the media context .
It is now incumbent on the European Commission and the European Parliament and all interested parties to work together to see how best young people can be protected from viewing excessive television violence .
I would hope that the key television broadcasting organisations , both from the private and the public sector within the European Union , will engage positively in this process .
Certainly we must recognise that technology is changing rapidly within the television sector within Europe .
Digitalisation of old analogue television networks is taking place across the length and breadth of the participating Member States of the EU.
This , too , will lead to greater challenges for legislators to put in place the necessary protective measures to guarantee that young children are protected from viewing wholly violent and inappropriate television programmes .
I will be working closely at national European level to ensure that EU governments implement the necessary legislation to put in place the necessary protective mechanisms which I have addressed .
Mr President , I too would like to express my deepest condolences to the family of those killed tragically in this ferry disaster , but also pay tribute to those involved in the rescue effort , not least of course , the Royal Navy .
On behalf of the Socialist transport team , I regret the fact that this debate is taking place as an urgency .
It could be more properly debated in committee next week , but that was the decision of the House which , of course , I respect .
What we certainly do not need today , or indeed next week , or in the future , is a point-scoring exercise between our Greek colleagues in the run-up to the general election in Greece