, but the fact is of course that by far the greater part of judicial criminal investigation and police work is done nationally and locally .
Where the funding is concerned , it may be pointed out that EUR 65 million is not to be sneezed at , and it is one more item in the long list of programmes interfering with the EU 's administrative procedure .
In that case , they were assessed in 2000 , irrespective of the fact that the majority of the programmes were not adopted until 2001 .
That really is an impressive act of clairvoyance which bodes well for the projects .
I do not understand why the Committee on Citizens ' Freedoms and Rights , Justice and Home Affairs is to deal with a list of names without knowing how this list has been drawn up and without knowing how it can be altered .
To win the respect of the Commission , it is not enough simply to agree to work at the Commission 's pace .
I threatened along the way to have the discharge decision postponed if the Commission could not supply any results .
There are still a few problems , but we shall have to look at those in a follow-up report .
What concerns me is that the Commission has no overview of how many audits have been carried out , where and by whom .
One of my first questions to the Commission was : ' How many audits did you carry out in the year 2000 ? ' .
The first answer was twelve , and that - I think - was extremely few , considering that there are 70 ACP countries .
The thought occurred to them that a number of reports had no doubt been produced out in the delegations , and Mr Nielson assured the committee that 73 audits had been carried out in 2000 .
It proved to be a list containing very sparse information , which did not leave me much the wiser .
Moreover , almost half of them were from Malawi , and it turned out that these were to be deducted from the number of audits , leaving 52 and not , as Mr Nielson had promised us in the committee , 73 .
There are no central records , and there is no general view of the activities 'out in the field ' .
I have therefore withdrawn my original demand for at least 50 audits .
I have also asked the Commission to give me a better explanation of why the remaining millions of euros mentioned in the Court of Auditors ' annual report have still not been claimed back .
It is two years since this was noted , and still nothing has happened .
I asked DG AIDCO 's director-general if , on the basis of the auditing system and the information received from the delegations , he could issue a statement to the effect that the EDF funds are used in accordance with the principles of 'sound management ' .
I could have put the question to Commissioner Nielson if he had been here today .
There has been a lot of criticism of the way in which the ACP 's secretariat has operated .
That is not , I think , something that we can live with in the EU.
I hope that matters are improving , which is why I have said that we are now waiting to see what the outcome of the Court of Auditors ' decisions will be , whereupon we shall have to address the issue again .
I think it is a splendid result , and I should like to commend him for having listened to my many amendments and for the fact that they have been incorporated .
There are , however , two important matters I have been left in ignorance of .
When will the disciplinary proceedings taking place at the Stockholm office be concluded , including on the part of OLAF ?
And the same question applies to the IRELA case from Spain , which we have talked at such length about .
Mr Virrankoski has carried out an outstanding piece of work that is both incisive and well balanced .
Everyone here is on the ball , especially when it comes to their own money .
We criticise the Commission for not being open but , when it comes to ourselves , we close our eyes .
That is something we cannot live with .
When the figures for 2000 are examined , it can be seen that there were errors in seven per cent of the documents .
However , I would still say , forget about closing down the Finance Inspectorate .
With regard to the discharge decision where the Council is concerned , I should like to say that we stand by the committee 's observations and decision .
I cannot countenance some members of a group being made to toe the line , with the result that we have to change the decision we voted in favour of in the Committee on Budgetary Control .
Things are going well , in fact much better , and that is something we can only be pleased about .
Mr President , I should like to begin by commending my colleagues in the Committee on Budgetary Control , together with the committee 's chairman , and also thanking those who participated in the committee and in the groups and who have carried out a very notable and thorough piece of work .
Because of the little time available , I am unable to go into details concerning these many matters , just as others cannot either , but I would refer you to the excellent observations made by my colleagues , Mr Virrankoski , Mr Blak and Mrs Morgan .
I should like to quote from two recitals .
