It is unacceptable that , as is at present the case , 25 % of the money should go unspent .
The World Bank now has an external relations department , which employs more than 300 people , and which is described by the Bank itself as one of the most important departments for brushing up its image , but the question remains whether this cannot be done in a different way , namely by involving the developing countries in its operations more effectively , by finally making decision-making more transparent and by better monitoring spending .
Everyone knows that , where Washington consensus is concerned , the international , multilateral financial institutions have lines and priorities that are often at odds with development and poverty policy which we in Europe would like to adopt at international level .
We also need coherence .
After all , both have spoken very convincingly and sounded pessimistic at the same time .
Should all of this go to plan , we think that the European Union should also give some thought to how it can help Kyrgyzstan in its new circumstances , for this will have a positive effect on other countries in the region .
Both those in government and the people of that country are fearful of the possibility that Muslim extremists will take advantage of the politically unstable situation .
This must end , for indeed , all Central Asian countries make provision in their constitutions for religious freedom .
In the short term , the European Union should do as follows .
I abstained during the vote on the Cercas report on the revision of the Working Time Directive .
The approved compromise text cannot be considered as progress for social Europe .
The opt-out remains in place , although it is proven that it leads to longer working weeks and affects workers ’ health ; it should be repealed as soon as possible , preferably in 2008 , and I support Mr Cercas ’ compromise to that end .
It is also a good thing that on this occasion , it is underlined once again that freedom and democracy should not be taken for granted , and have to be actively upheld .
The European leaders who were in Moscow a few days ago hardly took the trouble to broach that reality , and what meant liberation for the Western Europeans 60 years ago , was another calvary for Eastern Europe , the difference being that the new dictatorships could count on the active support and sympathy of so many Western European politicians , media , intellectuals and many others , some of whom , in fact , appeared to be on the payroll of the Soviet secret services .
In addition , I should in all honesty say that since only on a rare occasion does the Commission respond to my pertinent questions , I am not all that interested in the Commission position .
An honest analysis of these institutional measures reveals that the much-praised , but very unfortunate , construction of the double hat is disturbing the institutional balance among the European institutions .
Mr President , I am approaching the subject from the angle of development cooperation .
At the same time , though , coordination between the different components of external policy must improve .
It is of the utmost importance that the Community model should be respected in this area and that the Commission should be able to maintain its role as executor of the policy .     Mr President , Commissioner , first of all , as Mr Brok already pointed out , I should like to give testimony as chairman of the Convention’s external relations working party , whose main concern was to avoid the eventual adoption of a double external policy , one derived both from the Council and the Commission .
To most , that appeared to be a bridge too far , but I would nevertheless claim that the success of the External Affairs Minister and the influence he will be able to exert will largely depend on the way in which he fits in with the Commission and works with it .
The Commission should not forget that it must be in agreement and has the last say , therefore .
There are strong and weak , large and small economies .
I would now like to turn to export subsidies , which were already mentioned by the Commissioner , and whose adverse effects on the local markets are already known .
Indeed , after the failure of Cancún , the credibility of the multilateral trading system is at stake .
That is far more than what it is now receiving in development aid .
For that purpose , we must first of all ensure that those countries are given the necessary technical back-up during the negotiations in order to further develop their negotiating scope , and also to work on capacity-building .
Mr President , too little too late , that is how one can describe Commissioner Mandelson’s recent announcement that use will be made of the textile-specific safeguard clause which permits Europe to limit imports until 2008 .
That import figures would be alarming could already be deduced from the import products without quota .
I wish the Commissioner much perseverance in his negotiations with his Chinese opposite numbers .     Mr President , Commissioner , since 1 January of this year , some 500 jobs have been lost in Belgium too as a result of the unequalled increase in Chinese textiles imports .
I am delighted to hear this morning that you are determined to tackle this scourge .
Please do not let them down any longer .     .
Our role cannot be to type out on a word processor , in the space of a week and a half , an analysis of recent European political history .
The establishing of a transparent democracy and economy in Russia is not only a theoretical concept in the longer term ; it