From this viewpoint , the introduction of a clear classification of oils can only result in greater access to the competitive advantages of guaranteed production .
This evening I take the opportunity - and I shall repeat this in the House tomorrow - to say that we have a problem with the Italian translation : the translation of 'brut ' , referring to oil , as 'greggio ' ( crude ) is not acceptable in my country and so tomorrow I shall ask for the Italian version to use the term 'naturale ' ( natural ) or 'vergine ' (virgin ) .
That is a political judgment !
They are parties that live outside society : an expression of this - read last month ' s Eurobarometer - is the ever-increasing distance between you , your bureaucracies and the citizens .
You have invented a new tax for the citizens , which forces them to finance your bureaucracies .
The more important is precisely the creation of Eurojust , which has already been started off with the setting up of the provisional unit , which has prepared the ground for the definitive body .
Combating and overcoming poverty in Europe is certainly a goal that nobody in the world has yet managed to achieve .
' How are you ? ' asks the captain .
Through this vote the large parties have tried to snatch the contributors ' money to finance themselves .
Can you not smell the olive oil on the Neapolitan mozzarella , on the tomatoes from southern Italy , with a little parmesan and a good glass of red wine or beer ?
I followed his suggestion and therefore I voted in favour .
It is the extremist and terrorist violence which is holding back the peace process .
And Europe never spoke up at times like that .
I myself , as you know , have often stepped onto the soil of the United States , even if only on Saturdays , when I left the cruise ship the Oceanic , on which I had embarked as a crew member .
The Member States have shown that they cannot administer our money : therefore we should have the right to administer our own wages in order to have our pensions , freely and without being forced to give money to the state .
Last Sunday , 18 million Italians gave their answer .
Mr President , it is unlikely that a government that imprisons its own journalists should be democratic to such an extent as to guarantee a fair trial in accordance with international standards , and so I shall have more confidence in monitoring .
I should also like to add that media science increasingly points to the so-called editorial routine as something that affects the free press .
Individual journalists accept work where they can find it , and they adapt to the prevailing editorial climate and ideas even when these contrast with their own personal ideas .
This report has not had any amendments , and this is evidence of the solidarity we felt over the proposal .
We are , however , aware that , at least in the short term , it will be difficult to reach an agreement on a procedure for automatic recognition , since no Member State will ever be willing to associate itself with recognition of any final decision that does not respect certain essential common guarantees .
Well , having thus properly set out the solution to the basic problem , the Di Lello Finuoli report then deals with technical and sensitive issues regarding the various ways of carrying out a sentence , the costs of carrying it out , and the system for calculating penalties in the event of multiple sentences , since they cannot always be simply added together when the crimes are connected , and suggests appropriate solutions , which can all be fully shared .
For this to happen , however , it is necessary to reach a precise agreement , and Parliament ' s positions from this point of view were highly specific even at first reading on the methods , times and content of consultations and information .
I hear it is a first step towards a European code of criminal procedure and a European code of civil procedure . ' ' Cristina , I am a Europeanist ! '
I would point out that this agreement comes a little late considering the thousands of signatures we have had the honour of presenting to you on this issue , and considering the growth of this phenomenon which has struck down so many thousands of children , as it did recently in Italy .
Madam President , I want to use my speech to thank Commissioner Busquin for the exceptional opportunities he affords us by maintaining a continuous relationship with the European Parliament .
I therefore believe this continuous relationship can enhance the whole programme and make it possible to find the answers to urgent questions like those raised by Mrs Jackson and Mr Bowis , for example .
We set great store - I want to stress this point particularly - by the role of the national parliaments and our cooperation with them in every possible way .
Mr President , we support this resolution reaffirming the full right of the European Parliament to take part in decisions on the future of the Union , which many government ministers still believe to be their exclusive prerogative .
However , the deed is done and , at this point , we need to look forwards and try to ensure that Parliament and the European institutions march towards the goal of a constitution , no longer handed down from on high but built from below .
I also hope the President of the Republic , who has the power to intervene , will correct this approach , but