, monetary union is a success .
Now a correctly designed structural policy can create better conditions for the EU and its inhabitants .
I also think that the Commission 's report is worth drawing attention to as far as the annexes of statistical information are concerned .
Let these figures and the Commission 's reasoning represent both alarm bells and carrots when the work on the economic guidelines is completed .
The countries responsible for strong rises in exports included Portugal , Italy and Finland .
In the long term the whole of the EU would lose from protectionist intervention .
The same applies to social clauses .
That is our mission , Mr President , not trade barriers .
We are not discussing that here today , but these systems are the most important , and I would like to emphasize that for our citizens .
This is discussed in part in the Commission 's proposal , which says that workers who are sent abroad by their employer should be able to belong to the system which they belonged to before .
Guarantees are also given that they will be informed of their right to a pension and the rules which exist in the EU when they move .
The difficulties which Mr Ettl has pointed out , the long earning periods , the problems of transferability and the question of double taxation are issues which must be raised in future and supplemented in future proposals from the Commission in order for freedom of movement to be realized .
That is what should be important , not obstructing access to information , as one of our colleagues also said .
The committee and the rapporteur have rightly pointed to the freedom of speech aspects , which are important .
The change we are proposing in Amendment No 22 is so that we can get such a development .
Mr President , I would like to thank Mr Desama , who wrote this thorough report without wasting words , but briefly and concisely , which makes it easier for us .
There is also a problem with the existing criteria for entering the market , such as the threshold of 25 million m3 for industrial clients .
To do so we need a lot more resources .
The least we can request is that renewable sources of energy also get money .
Nothing in reality .
There does not appear to be any other explanation .
If the emissions were to decrease sharply , then you could perhaps talk about stabilizing the programme , but not in this case .
Furthermore , the amendments are important , particularly Amendment No 3 .
In that case it is important for the different figures to estimate the emission costs to be calculated in different ways too .
We did so mainly for the following reasons .
Thirdly , increased federal control over the EU 's Member States is going to mean that political decisions are taken even further from the citizens .
At worst , the consequences will be serious .
A political project of this kind must have the support of a majority of the people in order to be implemented .
I do think , however , that all of us , both those - myself included - who believe in the euro as a logical consequence of a common market and a way of strengthening economic policy in Europe , and those who are hesitant or quite simply against the whole idea , are nevertheless agreed that a historic decision is being taken today .
EMU locks us into dogmatic monetarism , an established policy of the right .
Madam President , after all the grand words and promises about the excellence of EMU which have been heard here today , I now take the floor to present views from the many millions of citizens who have not been consulted and are not going to be consulted , whether by politicians or by representatives of the media .
The question is therefore where in this process parliamentary immunity shall start to apply .
As we know , there are instances of parliamentary immunity which cover solely the actual penalty ; one can be prosecuted and judged , therefore , but not punished .
The principal question is then whether a preliminary investigation , as is involved in this case , shall also be covered by our immunity or not .
The second reason is precisely that mentioned by Palacio Vallelersundi , namely that we would like to minimize this right to immunity as much as possible and ensure that it will not imply any privilege for Members of this Parliament .
Mr President , I would like to say again that I have no objections whatsoever to the report which Mr Wijsenbeek has drawn up .
I believe that we are almost completely in agreement in the Committee on the Rules of Procedure , the Verification of Credentials and Immunities as regards what parliamentary immunity shall actually cover , to be precise , freedom of expression for we Members ; it must not therefore be able to be restricted in any way .
It is thus conceivable for a Member to make a speech in Parliament which he cannot be prosecuted for .
With these detailed observations I wish to congratulate the rapporteur once again on a quite excellent report .
It is already laid down in the preamble to the Convention that every state has the right to its own biological resources , including genetic resources .
It is crystal clear and unacceptable .
These formulations can be improved if Amendment Nos 25 and 5 are adopted , but it is still not enough .
To Mr Andrews and others I would like to stress that the Green Group is not unanimous in its view on drugs , there are differences of opinion .
