proposals such as those in our Group 's motion for a resolution , including revocation of the Stability Pact and an end to privatisation and liberalisation , with a monetary policy and a reorientation of the European Central Bank giving priority to employment with rights , to the eradication of poverty and to social justice , including through a progress and social development pact .
They do not scrap the false independence of the European Central Bank .
In the absence of effective mechanisms at European level , we are witnessing a cascade of often disjointed and even competing emergency financial interventions by various countries .
One thing is certain , however : the rules of the system have to change .
These relations , which have intensified , are based on a heritage of joint values and principles and on a repeated desire to strengthen partnership and cooperation at the institutional level .
On the EU side , we have an obligation not to ignore the aims expressed by very broad sectors of Ukrainian society of strengthening ties with Europe .
Any steps , no matter how small , towards highlighting this fact deserve to be welcomed and supported .
The European Union must take urgent measures to resolve the two issues of excessive water consumption and water wastage .
It is impossible to develop a water saving culture without the involvement of citizens .
Another 'typical ' report ...
This is a case of the proverbial ostrich with its head buried in the sand ...
These should not be based on transitional criteria or circumstantial or artificial wealth trends .
Despite going beyond what the European Commission proposes , we feel that these proposals are still insufficient as they fail to respond to the real needs of fishermen in these regions , particularly the small-scale fleets .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , with regard to this report I must firstly highlight the necessity of taking into account the needs of the fishing sector in the outermost regions .
This possibility must therefore result in specific action .
Following this debate , we are more convinced than ever that not only is it necessary to extend the deadline for the entry of vessels having benefited from state aid for modernisation , as proposed by the European Commission and the Committee on Fisheries , but it is also necessary to ensure the possibility of public aid for the renewal and modernisation of the fleets in these regions , particularly the small-scale fleets , without being subject to time limits , as we have once again coherently argued .
An agreement has been rushed through which we ultimately welcome , but we cannot forget the Commission 's excessive passivity when a modicum of prudent and forward-looking vision was needed .
Thirdly , at a time when economic recession is already a certainty , we must , in a coordinated manner , implement an economic recovery package which guarantees growth and employment and allows families and businesses to recover their confidence .
To date , no rehabilitation measures have been pursued in that area .
Consumers are the group least well informed about their rights and obligations and least qualified to conduct negotiations .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , after a year of parliamentary work , the proposal for a directive now being discussed is a significant improvement on the document that was presented in 2007 .
Mr President , I must congratulate the Slovenian Presidency on its efforts to solve and overcome a number of differences of opinion on the text .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , our 'internal European market ' is , and must , increasingly be a Europe which protects consumers .
' Throughout its history , Europe has seen terrible outbreaks of armed conflict often rooted in prejudice and hatred .
However , it is precisely in your region , where constructive contacts over the centuries have allowed humanity to take major leaps forward , that opportunities for reconciliation and cooperation exist .
It also seeks to mobilise joint action for this purpose .
In that spirit , please accept my best wishes for the success of your discussions ' .
These are the results of your labour and I therefore wish to extend a warm greeting to all members of this Assembly , the legitimate representatives of a community of nations committed to achieve an original and unique project , in which the last century placed so many hopes and which in this one faces so many expectations .
I speak of the worsening divides of all types , the erosion of social cohesion and the widening rifts between societies .
To put it harshly , to us , to the European Union , stripped down to its bare essentials , what does this mean ?
This is about democracy , rule of law , human rights and respect for cultural diversity ; about justice , social cohesion and inclusive societies ; about states , secularisation and secularism or laicité ; about the public sphere , private acts and religious revival .
Yes , of course !
The point here , however , is that , as someone has put it , 'the dam separating Christian Europe from Muslim East has sprung a leak , altering Europe 's culture ' .
To cope with the integration of Muslims in Europe and in our European societies , we need new policies at all levels .
We need education for human rights , education for citizenship and respect for others , education for intercultural understanding and dialogue , education on media literacy , education about religions and beliefs and both intra - and inter-religious dialogue .
How can we live together in our globalising world , where clashes anywhere are clashes everywhere and where cultural and religious fault lines divide our societies