The Commission is determined to keep a close eye on the enforcement of this directive and the Water Framework Directive .
This applies especially to key points such as : the future revision of the priority substances list , which is now clearly linked to environmental quality standards and will be proposed within two years of the entry into force of this directive ; the list of candidate substances to be examined when the existing list is revised ; and the criteria for the inventory of emissions , discharges and leaks , and for mixing zones .
In addition to emission controls under the directives on urban waste-water treatment , pollution caused by nitrates from agricultural sources , and integrated pollution prevention and control ( directives that were already in force when the Water Framework Directive was approved in 2000 ) , more than 30 Community legislative instruments have in the meantime been enacted or proposed by the Commission .
The Commission will also assess the need to class priority substances as priority hazardous substances , taking into account the new information that will be available , and the latest developments within the scope of the REACH Regulation .
You will remember that the Water Framework Directive already includes provisions on the repeal of seven previous legislative acts dating from the 1970s and 1980s .
The planned inventory , which will include maps , will be a necessary source of information for everyone .
Last year the Commission submitted its first report on the implementation of the Water Framework Directive .
It is the Member States ' right and also their responsibility to choose their priorities and projects .
To conclude , the Commission is in the happy position of expressing full support for the compromise package in order to achieve an agreement on this directive at second reading .
We have identified certain points that require immediate attention in a bid to avoid similar disasters in future .
Thirdly , the operational capability of the Commission 's Monitoring and Information Centre should be strengthened .
In addition , between 2007 and 2013 , approximately EUR 5.8 billion will be available under the cohesion policy programmes , for risk prevention and response to various types of disaster , including forest fires .
A further EUR 1.6 billion will be available from the rural development funds to restore forest resources and initiate preventive actions .
It examined all types of natural and man-made disasters , within and outside the EU , and also all the Community resources available for disaster response .
This will enable us to determine which particular tools are available , which are the most necessary , and which are most cost-effective ; support for initiatives to limit disaster risks in third countries ; closer cooperation with the UN , the International Bank and various NGOs , with a view to strengthening disaster response capability at global level ; better use of science , technology and innovation ; an upgrade in the role of our agencies in disaster response throughout the world ; a more effective evaluation of disaster damage .
In addition to this initiative , which will focus on the EU , the Commission is drawing up a strategy for disaster risk reduction in developing countries .
This will release civil protection resources and capabilities for operations on a European scale .
Mr President , in recent years many EU Member States have been stricken by natural disasters such as fires , floods and earthquakes .
I have listened with interest to the Commissioner 's analysis of all the elements of prevention and coordinated intervention , and we expect to see corresponding action on the part of the European Commission .
Firstly , the EU will be in a better position to manage natural disasters effectively and flexibly .
Mr President , Commissioner , we can all see that natural disasters are on the increase because they are caused by changes in both climate and land use .
Do you intend to take steps to fill in the serious gaps in the legislation and the policies applied to allow Europe a greater and more effective presence in backing up the action taken by Member States where natural disasters are destroying properties and taking lives ?
Which do you disagree with , and why ?
The Commission is committed to helping substantially towards strengthening the Community 's disaster response capacity .
Thirdly , we intend to integrate all the Community resources by improving coordination between EU agencies .
As for the directive on forest fires , my departments are working on a communication on disaster prevention , and one option to be assessed is to institute legislation specifically on forest fires .
The Commission was the main driving force in adopting the Eurocodes on safe buildings .
May I remind you , however , that the Council 's unanimous approval is required .
We have already financed Red Cross programmes for the provision of psychological relief , and further programmes are in preparation at technical level .
Poverty does not affect only women , children and certain social groups that are always particularly vulnerable .
They also violate human rights in a Europe that wishes to become a model of respect for human dignity and the promotion of equal opportunities for all .
We must accept that those who endure poverty have a right to live in dignity and participate in social and economic life .
We have thus strengthened the Commission 's proposal by broadening the definition of vulnerable categories and adding issues such as meeting the needs of families with specific problems , single-parent families and large families , addressing the specific problems of people with disabilities and the homeless , and promoting active integration and access to culture and recreation .
We have attended to the shaping and application , at national , regional and local level , of integrated , coordinated policies .
We