Mr President , I must say that the Ghent Summit was very revealing , both in terms of the process and of the content .
It was revealing in the sense that it , to a fault , confirms the objections on grounds of principle which we Eurosceptics and opponents of the EU have been entertaining .
A secret summit is held in which an agenda is set , effectively preventing the small countries from independently making known their opinions of the political decisions , and that naturally applies first and foremost to the decisions made in the light of the events of 11 September .
In that way , the objections and reservations that are undoubtedly entertained among the small countries and that find expression in growing opposition to the American strategy are successfully stifled .
As if it legitimised anything !
That is something to which the United States ' s allies should be alerting people .
As for the crucial issue here , namely the interventions and follow-up provisions where policing and the law are concerned , we are being faced with a demand to implement the most far-reaching infringements of legal rights we have seen in the history of the EU , and they are to take place almost overnight without any preparation .
It has been an eye-opener .
Mr President , who knows the Ministers Mr Van Dale , Mr Conde de Saro and Mr Christoffersen ?
The permanent representatives of the countries which hold , or are to hold , the presidency - Belgium , Spain and Denmark - are clever diplomats who live in the shadows .
Seventy per cent of these are prepared by their subordinates and aides .
Another 15 % are placed on the ministers ' desks , and the permanent representatives brief or deputise for the ministers during the formal adoption .
It does happen that a matter is discussed in public and finds echoes in the national parliaments .
However , that is the exception .
The solution to this democratic deficit or embezzlement , for we know , of course , who have absconded with the power , is simple : to read our constitutions and return legislative power to the elected representatives .
Let us recreate the core of democracy whereby the electorate can go to the polls and new majorities can be obtained and new laws adopted .
That core does not exist in today ' s EU.
Mr President , I think it important that we send two clear messages today .
It will be good for Turkey , but it will also be good for ourselves .
In addition , there are the tasks - not only on paper but also in practice and in the real world - of improving the conditions in Turkish prisons , ceasing to keep prisoners in solitary confinement , guaranteeing the rights of minorities and ensuring democratic progress not only for minorities but , I would emphasise , for the whole of the Turkish people .
I have read my fellow MEP ' s , Mr Lamassoure ' s , report very carefully .
I think the report is excellent , but I also think it needs to be more precise on a number of points , and a number of amendments have , therefore , also been tabled , not only by my group but also by other groups , and I believe that most of them must be supported .
I do not think that the EU should interfere in the matter of where Turkey has embassies .
However , I also think that the report is sound , and I shall recommend voting in favour of it , but also , of course , in favour of the amendments tabled by , for example , my group .
On behalf of the Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party , I should like to begin by adding a few remarks on the financing of the fisheries agreements concluded by the EU with third countries .
It would be of benefit to themselves , but it would also , at the same time , be in line with current developments in the direction of a structure more in keeping with a market economy .
The evaluation of existing agreements is an extremely valuable tool for improving the fisheries agreements .
The agreement should relate to the surplus resources that cannot be caught by local fishermen .
That is the EU' s responsibility .
We should focus more upon the degree to which third countries make use of subsidies for the development of local fisheries and ensure that the development aid we provide is used in the best way possible and , especially , to benefit local fishermen .
These agreements are important to the Community , especially in the light of the fact that the fisheries agreement with Morocco was not renewed .
Just as I said earlier in connection with Mr Gallagher ' s report , those of us in the Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party are concerned that , in line with developments , we allow the self-funding sector , that is to say the ship owners and fishermen , to pay a larger contribution towards those agreements from which they of course benefit most .
The high degree to which the Community ' s fishing opportunities are exploited is impressive and worth emphasising .
The agreements are exceedingly important to those regions of Europe in which fishing is the most important activity , and we are concerned here not merely with the work of the fishermen but also with associated businesses on land .
Matters must be arranged in such a way that local fishermen are provided with development opportunities , and that means that the EU must secure the concept of sustainability .
The