the agricultural budget up to 2013 .
More Europe also means more money .
We must show the citizens what Europe really is : a decision in favour of peace , cooperation , development and social cohesion .     – Mr President , it has been said that the small countries are organising and setting their seal on the big presidencies of the European Union with their work .
This crisis was confirmed and reinforced by the breakdown of the European Council , despite the brave and honourable efforts made by the Luxembourg Presidency to broker a reasonable compromise on the subject of the new financial perspectives .
It is a European Council of the deconstruction and deregulation of the objective of deepening European integration .
As the fabricated fear of enlargement affected the ratifying process in France and the Netherlands , it was judged expedient to dedicate literally two lines , almost hidden away in the conclusions , to a strategic plan to foster peace , security , stability , development and , more importantly , the political and social democratisation of the candidate countries .
At the same time , however , it was unlucky to have next to it a cowardly and weak President of the European Commission with no political vision .
My question to the Vice-President of the Commission is this : how does the Commission intend to address citizens ' criticism about over-regulation and the excessive technicality of legislative proposals ?
Seriously , what has become of the White Paper on European governance ?
The only way out of the constitutional and political crisis is to establish a permanent , transparent and democratic dialogue with civil society .
It is to this eminent political position that the common agricultural policy aspires .     – Mr President , a whole series of my colleagues has successively congratulated the Luxembourg Presidency .
You have promoted the Lisbon process , the failure of which to date must again be blamed on the Member States .
However , the problem is not only institutional and political .
Our objective must not be blind competition with the United States .
The proposal to integrate this programme into the Seventh Framework Programme of the European Union is particularly important , as is the proposal to give it an annual budget of EUR one billion .
One of the main goals of the Programme is the protection of outside borders and basic infrastructures .
Every measure we take against terrorism , which we cannot be sure will be effective against it , is by definition harmful to democracy and human rights .
Then we said that the Stasi , the KGB and Gaddafi were behind it .
Who feeds it ?
Why did the last generation of terrorists choose to pick on Spain out of all the European countries ?
As a result , opium went up in Afghanistan , the opium which is killing our children , including many in Greece , while in Iran oil went up from USD 20 to 60 a barrel .
Yes , money against terrorism but , above all of course , a policy for the people of Europe .     . – Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the Chairman of the Committee on Petitions , Mr Libicki , has asked me to state the following on his behalf , due to his sudden departure for Poland .
Everything which is said only reflects the position of the Committee on Petitions and not that of any political group or of me personally .
The right to petition , as enshrined in the Treaty , implies obligations for all the European institutions , not just Parliament .
Citizens have the right to expect that , when the Council and Parliament adopt legislation , it is applied correctly in the Member States of the European Union without exception .
If the European Parliament needs to refer the European Commission to the Court of Justice of the European Communities , because it failed to reply to our question and because it failed to render proper account to the European Parliament , then I believe that we should do so without fear , Mr Libicki says .
Do European citizens have rights ?
Remember that your predecessor only went into action when he came under pressure , instituting infringement proceedings which were later withdrawn when the United Kingdom complied .
That brings us to today .
By contrast , the European Parliament , in adopting the Böge report , has shown that it is consistent in what it professes .
The MEPs of the Communist Party of Greece voted against the report , because they consider that Members of the European Parliament should be paid by the countries in which they are elected and which they represent and to which they answer and not by the ΕU.
In the present instance , there was insufficient dialogue .
It is not enough for foreign nationals wanting to enter and remain in the ΕU for no more than three months to be in possession of the necessary documents , to convince the authorities that they have legitimate reasons and enough money to survive for that period and to give detailed information on where and how they will live ; they must also not be nationals 'for whom an alert has been issued in the Schengen Information System ' and must not be considered 'a threat to public policy , internal security , public health or the international relations of any of the Member States ' .
The Communist Party of Greece voted against the Cashman report .     . – The report also puts the research sector at the service of the imperialist policy of the ΕU and , at the same time , secures funding for big business in this sector by making EUR 1 billion available from taxes paid by the working and grass-roots classes in the Member States of the ΕU.
