Yesterday the delegation which I chair met and discussed a report drawn up by our fellow Members who had been to Mexico to act as observers at these elections on behalf of this Parliament .
Our hope is that this final report will focus on drawing up viable proposals and practical , realistic and effective solutions to the problem of air traffic delays in Europe .
The European air management programme , whose purpose is to achieve complete coordination and integration of ATM systems at European level , must also continue to be expanded under Eurocontrol .
It was and still is , of course , hoped that the Union will continue to be in the vanguard in social terms , in this area as in others .
We think that women must be guaranteed the option of enjoying an appropriate period of maternity leave , which they can share with the father , but that the leave should be assessed and guaranteed according to the risk to her own health .
There is a considerable degree of infertility in the Union today : over 11 % of European couples suffer from such problems , which result from lifestyles shaped by the economic structures within which we live , and also by the fact that measures are not in place to provide protection against these dangers .
The directive should also take the informal economy and atypical employment contracts into consideration .
We consider the approval of this report to be a significant event as we approach the summer recess , for four fundamental reasons .
On the other hand , however , we hope that the British Conservatives will back the report , because although it is true that some of the Portuguese Presidency ' s conclusions highlight this issue , I must emphasise that paragraph 36 of the final Feira Summit text stresses the importance of companies ' sense of social responsibility .
The aim of extending maternity leave to twenty weeks is an ambitious one , which is recommended from a technical point of view , and must gradually be implemented .
I hope that Parliament will adopt this amendment .
This was the spirit in which we tabled a motion for a resolution .
The question that arises is why communities that had been co-existing relatively peacefully should suddenly shift to this level of tension and threats .
This emergency humanitarian aid provided by the NGOs could not have occurred without the Commission ' s financial support and I therefore wish to praise all those who made it possible .
Thousands of them are still dependent on food aid to survive .
This is why the increase to EUR 77 million in Community appropriations proposed by the rapporteur as opposed to the EUR 50 million proposed by the Commission is so important .
Cooperation at European level on quality assessment and on quality indicators should not therefore generate assessment models , since it is essential for us to maintain a variety of methods and approaches , bearing in mind the different national contexts and varying historical , social , cultural and political situations in each country .
( PT ) In the follow-up to the Lisbon European Summit of 23 and 24 March , which decided to speed up liberalisation in areas such as gas , electricity , postal services and transport , the European Commissioner responsible for Energy presented a set of measures seeking to speed up liberalisation in the electricity sector .
This action sidelines both the issue of employees ' jobs in this sector and the interests of individual Member States , including the protection of a high-quality public service that serves the interests of consumers .
These policies include wage moderation , the flexibility of the labour market and of social security systems and speeding up the liberalisation of the services and capital sectors .
( PT ) Starting from the premise that the single European currency is an essential and symbolic factor in the process of creating a European identity , whilst recognising that every Community citizen , including those who live either in countries which have not joined monetary union , or in applicant countries , will be significantly affected by the introduction of euro notes and coins , the rapporteur , in the follow-up to the Commission proposal , supports an information campaign with a view to increasing the confidence of the European public in the euro and to guaranteeing that the euro has a trouble-free introduction on 1 January 2002 .
These questions are all the more relevant because this air space is shared by their respective military air forces .
We therefore have an obligation to respond to these concerns , in a way that will guarantee the protection of the environment and public health , with a view to improving the quality of our citizens ' lives .
This makes it crucial that we implement concerted measures for protecting the environment under criminal law , which are in force right across the territory of the European Union .
Madam President , I should like to express my respect for those who do not smoke and to state there must indeed be routes which allow them to move through the Parliament building without being affected by smoke .
In the field of CFSP , notable progress is already being made , particularly in terms of cooperation in the area of defence .
It is no exaggeration to state with all certainty that diplomatic activity is becoming more and more involved in the economic sphere and to say that , in turn , economic interests cannot be protected without diplomatic activity .
Nevertheless , we can , at no great financial or organisational cost , contribute to a better use of the diplomatic resources we already have in the European Union , to everyone ' s benefit .
I shall be very brief , Mr President , as I only wish to discuss one very