Abuses would undermine those citizens ’ rights which we originally set out to defend .
Accordingly , at the plenary reading we now have to be careful regarding how the Community actually applies the right to access to justice .
Sustainable development is a phrase that should apply to all EU policy and decision-making .
EU competitiveness , of course , relies on increased growth being environmentally friendly both in production and consumption .
This will provide an incentive for environmentally better production .
Such indicators can only be obtained by establishing sufficiently ambitious quantitative and qualitative targets .
Quantitative objectives , if they are set correctly , tell us where the successes have been and what needs improving for us to achieve a state of the environment which no longer causes harm to human health anymore than to nature’s ability to withstand pollution .
I am absolutely opposed to discrimination against homosexuals , but the title of the report is unsatisfactory .
They are fears which are considered to be neurotic disorders , and therapy is needed to help them : they cannot be treated through political control ...     .
They mention that industrial countries are able to institute proceedings in the Court of Justice of the European Communities , and now this legislation would only bring them to the same level .
It was misleading that this essential detail was left unsaid .     Mr President , I am absolutely opposed to discrimination against homosexuals .
I nevertheless regret that the report’s title was so completely unsatisfactory and that on some points it was necessary to abstain .
Phobias are different kinds of anxieties .
Real phobias often develop as a result of something that happened in childhood , and there may be a very good reason for them .
Only one quarter of all emissions will be covered by the obligations to cut them , and I therefore think it is somewhat intellectually dishonest to speak of achievements .
Will it be a matter of political pride , however , if we are unable to admit such a thing ?     .
Mr President , I would like to make three points .
The budget is out of the way ; we can start focusing on other things .
I think the message of this report is that all options are open ; easy does it ; let us not say that the Constitution is dead ; let us not start renegotiating ; let us not say that this Treaty cannot enter into force .
We need to turn that into a positive .
My final point is that from some sections in the past few months we have heard talk about ‘core Europe’ .
I think that talk is absolute and utter rubbish , because the people we hear it from are usually the people who want to put the brakes on integration .
I cringe at any talk about ‘core Europe ’ outside .
Parliament also sent a delegation to Chechnya the year before last , and I was its chairman .
It suggests that the Duma should establish a research committee of enquiry to investigate the action of the authorities in Chechnya .
Our proposals have not led to any significant results during all this time .
I asked the country holding the Presidency whether we could deal with the entire conflict jointly , and not just those parts which vex Russia , putting the whole issue on the table with Russia .
We all have an interest in mollifying Russia and the Russian leadership has asked for some good advice , so surely we should be seeking a way out of this together .
The Commission originally used the expression ‘neighbourhood policy ’ alongside the concept of a ‘Wider Europe’ .
We would therefore propose replacing the unfortunately worded subheading after point 30 with the words ‘Wider Europe’ .
It would be logical to speak of the Northern and Southern Dimension of Union policy at the same time .
Our third conceptual suggestion was that the report ought to have contained the idea of Europe developing as a system of concentric circles , consisting on the one hand of flexible differentiation within the Union and , on the other , of the creation of functional circles of cooperation around it .
The idea received support in discussions between the groups but no one wanted to include it in this report .
We will wait until a more appropriate time to adopt them .
The report has been produced on the committee’s own initiative in an area in which the European Parliament has no competence .
The report’s position on which countries may accede to the European Union is not clear .
One does not want to tell Ukraine , for example , that it is not eligible or that is eligible , even though Ukraine is a much more European country than Turkey .
For what are very flimsy reasons , the report includes mentions of the EU Constitution instead of reflecting on how membership of the Union might be approached via , and from the point of view of , a structure such as the European Economic Area .
Can even the President of Ukraine be innocent regarding that issue ?
At the same time , the Commission promptly needs to mention which Member States have not yet improved the way they do things or implemented the Charter’s lines for action .
Any action that promotes a climate of entrepreneurship has the support of our group .
An important goal must be to harmonise company taxation .
More effective use of the internet and business are areas which offer enormous opportunities .
That too would facilitate matters .
Obviously we should support the establishment of small companies based merely on self-employment , but ambitious and inventive companies are the vital boost which