No other outcome for any other nation has occurred in history .
He has said that Mr Öcalan lacks credibility and that he is unworthy of representing the Kurdish nation and therefore should be branded as a terrorist .
You do not have the right to invoke those rights and agreements .
The same will happen with Mr Öcalan or with any other person who takes his place .
They are in danger of being captured at any time by the American secret services and by who knows what other mysterious forces , and of suffering the same fate as Mr Öcalan .
Firstly , the civilised world abhors terrorism and condemns it whatever its aims .
All those responsible tried , each for their own reasons , to rid themselves of the Öcalan problem .
Madam President , I very much regret that Europe will have to apologise , not to the terrorist organisation , the PKK , but to the blood-soaked Kurdish nation , which has been persecuted by Turkey for 60 years .
The President-in-Office did not give me an answer .
His report underscores the omissions and the wrong choices of the past which have impeded a speedier adjustment of the less-favoured regions , which would have reduced the existing regional imbalances in the European Union .
Of course we congratulate these countries on their capacity to absorb funds for research and technological development .
I believe that this must be one of the basic priorities for the new period of development .
This growth will help the regions to help themselves and to create their own future , without the need to continuously struggle to keep up with the others .
There is also a considerable problem of concentration of resources .
It is unfortunate , therefore , that the relevant Commission statement was issued after the drawing-up of the fifth framework programme for research and technology , and that its conclusions could not be included in the programme .
However , Mr President , we must render unto Caesar that which is Caesar 's .
Our expenditure is just 0.63 % of GDP , when the Community average is 2.4 % .
On both registers I am recorded as being absent , whereas I signed the register and I spoke on the Öcalan question .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , today we are celebrating International Women 's Day with great enthusiasm , emotion and hope .
I believe that the European Union has made a significant contribution to bringing this about .
The European Parliament especially has taken decisions to strengthen equal rights and equal opportunities legislation on behalf of the women who live in our Member States .
Let us not forget that there are countries where women and children still lack the most basic rights and where women do not know what is going to happen to them or how important their children are .
Today more than ever , we must place greater emphasis on education , training and health and on allowing women to grow up with dignity .
Madam President , today is known internationally as a day for taking action in support of women , and we need to reflect a little on the continuing , unimaginable struggles of the women 's movement , which continue to bring about many changes not only for women but for society as a whole .
Throughout the length and breadth of the planet cultural and political underdevelopment , hunger , wars and skirmishes , conservative and backward-looking societies , economic regulations , have all dealt a cruel blow to women , to their role in the economy , in society and in the family .
In the face of exploitative and oppressive plans and practices , in the face of discrimination tactics , women are called upon to push forward and assert their claims together with men , in the context of a broad popular battle front ranged in each country .
Madam President , Commissioner , as today is 8 March I too would like to say a few words .
I should like to take this opportunity to stress once again that we are fully behind all those women who , at great danger to themselves , are fighting against totalitarianism and against any plan to create a society in which women are marginalised .
This progress report makes it clear that incorporating an equal rights policy is a long-term measure .
The Commission must continue to urge Member States to take initiatives to promote and implement mainstreaming and we too must push our governments in this direction .
We must also press on with and strengthen the special positive action measures to promote equal opportunities .
We must find an answer to the question of the extent to which public health is safeguarded from the effects of increased exposure to electromagnetic fields , because we do not have conclusive scientific evidence to establish the existence of any long-term harmful effects of these fields on our health .
In addition , because some Member States have already introduced the appropriate legislation , the Commission proposal aims to define common principles at a Community level so as to avoid the introduction of non-homogeneous legal frameworks .
Further improvements were made to the proposal in the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Protection .
It would have been preferable if a different form of legal instrument had been chosen which would be more binding than a recommendation , that is , a regulation , directive or decision , as Parliament had requested .
The recommendation we are examining is a positive first step towards protecting the people of Europe and we believe that its implementation will give rise to substantive observations which may lead to further improvements being made to the legislation aimed at protecting the general public from exposure to electromagnetic fields