He considers these decisions 'considerably problematic ' because , he says , they decree 'the primacy of economic freedoms over fundamental rights and the respect of labour law . '
Well it is high time to act and to bring your actions in line with your words .
It should enable us to compare our ideas and try to reach a compromise .
This is why , Mr Cohn-Bendit , you will not resent my preferring Mr Schulz 's or Mr Daul 's analysis to yours , just this once .
I would like to add , Mr Schulz - I say this under the watchful eye of Mr Watson - that I am against protectionism .
Obviously , when one chooses to be the President of a country and has the responsibility of the Presidency of the Union for six months , if one does not like problems or difficulties it is better not to be European and not to be involved in politics .
I do not think that President Barroso will mind me saying this , as it is also his priority .
This is something on which we cannot waste any time .
No hard feelings .
I would like to say , Mr Cohn-Bendit , that like everyone here , I heard the emotion in your voice , which is a credit to you , and I would like to say that I share your feelings .
Regarding the way in which to defend those human rights , acknowledge that there can be a debate and that the debate will not end with the issue of the Olympic Games .
Before going , I questioned Mr Watson and Mr Schulz , the Chairman of the Socialist Group , and I think that I can say on his behalf that he is entirely in agreement with the need not to boycott China .
First of all , I would like to say to him that he can be reassured that I am not insulting the unions , but I thank him for pointing out that France can be changed , as is currently happening , without paralysing it .
I am aware of who is part of it , and I know that you are among those who love Europe , and that there are MEPs who equally love their nations .
I therefore hope that the debate that takes place over the next six months will strengthen the European institutions as well as our project for the Europe of the future .
( Applause ) If the speakers will excuse me , I would like to say a few words to each of them .
How can that be done ?
You are perfectly aware that , again , between the somewhat disembodied big ideal and all of the technical issues of daily life , the problem for each of us is having to constantly decide on what to do about the big ideas that sometimes go far beyond the day-to-day difficulties experienced by our citizens , and what to do about resolving the technical issues that affect their daily lives .
Allow me to say that it is all very well to say , 'in my country I do not want identity cards and I do not want a common immigration policy ' , but this does not stop you from being quite happy for foreigners whose papers are not in order to be stopped in France so that you do not have them in the United Kingdom .
We are not lecturing you , but consider that others also have an opinion to offer and that at some point we will have to find a common path .
This is what I am saying .
Ukraine is not insignificant , it has 42 million inhabitants .
Thank you for your support .
I would like to add that the reason why I took so much trouble in overcoming the automatic , rigid code of the 35-hour week in France was precisely in the name of European harmonisation , because no other country had followed you along that path .
Brazil is not making any effort regarding lowering tariff barriers in the industry ; there is no effort on services .
Yes , understood , I will try to be diplomatic .
The second point that I want to cover is the basic problem of humanity in this world .
We would point out that these people are applying for international protection and that their application has not yet been examined in detail .
We decided , with my colleague Alexander Stubb , the Finnish Minister for Foreign Affairs who is also President of the OSCE , to go to Tbilisi on Sunday 10 August .
On the ground , the Russian troops began to withdraw on 21 August - this being the second of the six points in the document - although this was nearly eight days later .
There were also a number of other points , including access to humanitarian aid for all victims .
We have since then entrusted Javier Solana with driving forward this part of the common foreign and security policy .
It was the European Union which had to take charge of this whole issue .
You can see the firm commitment that we have made to implement this roadmap .
Mr Medvedev has also agreed , which is a very good point , that the refugees may return , and not just the refugees who have left since these recent events , in other words in the last month , but the refugees who have left since the 1990s .
It is ready to support confidence-building measures and the development of regional cooperation .
While awaiting the results of this summit , our institutional cooperation with Ukraine will be intensified and stepped up .
Mr President