I feel that the ALTHEA operation must strengthen the EU’s global approach towards Bosnia and Herzegovina and support progress in the country .
Others add that this is ‘above all ’ a matter of handing over command from NATO to EU ‘without major changes to the composition of troops on the ground’ .
The fact that the ALTHEA operation is the largest-scale mission yet undertaken by the EU should make this an opportune moment to foster political and popular debate on the limits and the independence ( and potential interdependence ) of the Member States’ defence policy .
Given the needs of the people of Bosnia and Herzegovina and the EU’s duty to show solidarity , I voted in favour .     .
The issue of climate change and its effects on the planet forms part of the framework of increasingly accentuated globalisation and forces us to rethink our view of the world and of the development models in use .
I voted in favour .     .
Yet again , ‘his master’s voice ’ speaks and most Members of the European Parliament trot out the US policy on Cuba as though it were their own .
People are demanding an end to the EU’s ‘common position ’ and its unacceptable sanctions on Cuba .
We look forward to Cuba at least returning to the difficult , yet hopeful time of December 2002 , when Oswaldo Payá was able to come to Strasbourg to receive the Sakharov Prize .
Given that I welcome the progress towards the overall target , I understand the well-founded concern among the Member States that it should be fostered through practical and feasible measures .
We voted against the joint resolution because we disagree with its content and because proposals we tabled were not adopted .
As regards the area of freedom , security and justice , the European Council clearly stated that illegal immigration must be reduced and that the only way to achieve this is by adopting a coherent and comprehensive European policy on asylum and immigration .
The decision to postpone the vote was widely welcomed , both inside and outside Parliament , as a means of laying the foundations for this process to come to a positive conclusion .
You have managed to create the climate required for that essential partnership to take place .
There remains a major bias towards neoliberal capitalism in this Commission , firstly in view of some of its Members ’ known links with large European business groups , and particularly in view of the proposals that they intend to put forward , which will mean that serious issues such as social and economic problems , unemployment , massive social and territorial inequality , poverty and social exclusion will still not be addressed .
You rightly referred to this as positive complicity .
We are looking to you to strengthen economic and social cohesion .
We are looking to you for fresh impetus in bringing Europe closer to its citizens and in putting an end to the shortfall of information and of participation in the European democratic process .
The majority of its Members were and still are worthy of our approval , because it has avoided any split between super-Commissioners and second-class Commissioners , because it is closely aligned with our ideological values , and because , overall , it is closer to the opinions of the majority of Europe’s citizens .
Before I finish , a word to Mr Durão Barroso , who was a good Prime Minister of Portugal .
I wish to say to you that I appreciate this is a large , indeed an enormous , responsibility , and that we will strive , we will make every effort , to serve Europe , to serve the Institutions of the European Union and to serve all of our citizens .
This is the real crux of the problem .
The President of the Commission attempted to satisfy the demands made by Parliament , in general , and by the Socialist Group in the European Parliament , in particular , by making significant changes . 2.
I have no doubts as to her skills , not least because her appointment would be a case of ‘poacher turned gamekeeper’ .
We reaffirm our defence of and struggle for alternative political options that attach importance to social , regional and environmental strands , the objective of economic and social cohesion that is always left out .     .
The lies were served up in bad faith to feed groups of activists and do not correspond in any objective way to what was said in the parliamentary hearings .
What remains is the question of subsidiarity .
The Commission in its current form is simply the team that will press ahead with political choices that go against what we stand for and what we fight for .
I also wish to mention , however , the importance of the amendment tabled by the Union for Europe of the Nations Group , which I voted in favour of , calling for the new Commission , which is finally about to get down to work , strictly to observe the principle of subsidiarity .
The EU is at a stage where a series of important reforms are necessary , aimed at ensuring the development of the social model , which is an integral part of our heritage .
The fact that the leader of the European Commission happens to be a compatriot of mine makes me proud to vote this way .     .
This House must therefore make every effort to hold a joint review of the Ombudsman’s Statute with the aim of making it more efficient and better able to address the citizens ’ requests .     .
This only serves to demonstrate the need to support the various solutions which have been enshrined at EU level and which , in practice