pursuing the creation of a regional free trade agreement , which would replace the existing patchwork of 31 bilateral free trade agreements .
That is why we have proposed increasing the mobility of researchers and students by increasing the number of scholarships provided for them .
Let me underline the fact that the more the countries in the region can do to ensure border controls and document security , the easier it will be to convince the EU Member States to make progress on visa facilitation .
I am glad that the EU’s Foreign Ministers in Salzburg last weekend endorsed these practical measures and , even though she is not present today , I want to pay particular tribute to Mrs Plassnik and her personal commitment to ensuring progress in the western Balkans .
When we received the news of his death at the end of the Gymnich meeting , my immediate reaction was to remember my visit to Srebrenica last July , at the tenth commemoration of the most appalling massacre in post-war Europe .
These are very wise words .
This will help Serbia to close the tragic chapter of history over which Milosevic presided and to come to terms with the legacy of its past .
We can help the Serbs to make the right choice by keeping the European prospect open for them .     .
Mr President , due to the fact that speaking time for the Commission is tight for this debate and it would be impossible to report on such a wide scope of issues , covering all external affairs , all global issues , it was agreed that Mrs Ferrero-Waldner would deal with Iran and Palestine and the cartoon crisis when she speaks later this evening .
This is how the Commission ’s contribution will be allocated , meaning that after the debate I will respond regarding the western Balkans and Mrs Ferrero-Waldner will respond on the other issues later this evening .     .
I should also like to use this opportunity to congratulate Mrs Plassnik on her personal commitment to the policy on the western Balkans .
All participants in the debate have recognised that the road ahead for the western Balkans is a challenging one and that many reforms must be implemented before the countries meet the required criteria .
Especially with a view to the Kosovo status process , we all have to be extremely responsible as regards the western Balkans and its stability .
We should not undermine the EU perspective , which is the foundation of security and stability in the region .
The key objectives to work for are security , stability and progress in the western Balkans .     .
The eastern enlargement of 2004 sealed the peaceful reunification between Western and Eastern Europe .
First , we have consolidated our enlargement agenda .
Secondly , we apply rigorous conditionality .
Combined with a credible accession perspective , conditionality works .
More recently , it has inspired bold and significant reforms in Turkey and increasingly in the western Balkans .
Furthermore , the Commission is ready to deepen further and upgrade cooperation with our neighbourhood partners once the main priorities in the current action plans have been properly addressed .
Certainly , the pace of enlargement must take into consideration the EU’s absorption capacity .
The Union must ensure that it can maintain its capacity to act and decide according to a fair balance within its institutions , respecting budgetary limits and implementing common policies that function well and achieve their goals .
For over three decades , the EU has successfully absorbed a very diverse set of countries , as we can see from the composition of this House , for instance , including the President in the Chair in charge of this debate and the Commissioner involved .
Enlargement has proven to be a successful shock absorber for Europe .
I rely on the political and financial support of Parliament to pursue a well-informed debate on enlargement .
If we were to go wobbly about the western Balkans ’ European perspective , our beneficial influence , our political leverage , our impact would be seriously eroded , just when the region enters a difficult period of talks on Kosovo’s status .
Therefore , for the sake of Europe , let us not shake this foundation , ensuring that the still fragile Balkans building does not collapse at our feet , in our own front yard !     .
Mr President , I should like to begin by imparting to you some breaking news : the decisions of late 2005 have created a solid political framework for our enlargement policy for 2006 to 2010 , and in some cases even further .
I do not expect anyone seriously to question our existing commitments in South-East Europe because it is really a matter of our own security and stability that we can enhance peace , democracy and increase prosperity in that very sensitive area .
Concerning the borders of Europe , the Commission works on the basis of Article 49 of the Treaty on European Union , which states that any European country that respects and applies the European values of democracy , human rights , the rule of law and fundamental freedoms may apply for membership of the Union .
A few comments and points have been made concerning absorption capacity .
That concept and its consequences have been examined regularly by the Commission .
In its Agenda 2000 – and I am happy to refer to that because I was a member of the Steering Group for Agenda 2000 , which was adopted in 1997 – the Commission examined the impact of the accession of central and eastern European countries from two angles : its impact on EU policies such as agriculture or regional policy , and its budgetary consequences