The Convention has produced one : it approved the draft version based on a federalist consensus in a way reminiscent of a Politburo-style dictatorship .
The Member States are to lose their permanent voting Commissioner , although the right of initiative with regard to all EU legislation will remain a Commission monopoly .
When the other pillars were toppled a new NATO pillar was erected .
The non-aligned countries must not sign the declaration regarding collective security guarantees to be annexed to the constitution .
Stocks of some monitored , familiar species , that is to say mainly economically important species , have in many places diminished drastically .
Consequently , I too have proposed that we should grant sufficient appropriations to enable us to carry out an investigation and draw up an inventory of submarine species .
In the same way , EU investment is needed for the protection of nature in the northern seas .
This would come about most effectively if the EU joined the Nordic countries , the United States of America , Canada and Russia as members of the Arctic Council .
There are environments in the European Union , such as many areas of the Baltic Sea and the Mediterranean Sea , where the natural environment would not necessarily recover properly from a large-scale oil disaster .
The Commission should propose an amendment , within the framework of UNCLOS , the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea , which would allow intervention with regard to merchant vessels from third countries sailing through or close to EU waters if they are thought to be a potentially serious threat .
I myself looked into the situation recently when I sent out questionnaires to those authorities in the Baltic countries responsible for this matter .
If there were a major disaster the equipment in these countries would be insufficient even if it were used in combination .
Around 40 million tonnes of oil a year already pass through the Gulf of Finland , for example , and it is supposed that this volume will have doubled in 10 year 's time .
In the single market consumers encounter new and strange products and manufacturers on the shelves of their own familiar local shop every day , and they must be able to have complete confidence in quality control and food safety in that single market .
The reasons for this are not political ; they are to do with journalism .
A totally legitimate research project carried out by the Commission has , at least in the Finnish newspapers , already developed into a scare about whether the EU is now going to ban private barbecues and our favourite summer treat , the grilled sausage .
There has been continual whining about the EU meddling in everything and being overly protective , and they have been asking when the Europolice are going to start lighting bonfires piled with dangerous cookery books and whether soon we will have to eat wearing a helmet on our head , just to be on the safe side .
For that reason it would be important if the good work done in Parliament to protect people 's health also had more vigorous support from the EU Information Centres .
Mr President , it is important to improve on the present Directive on packaging waste , as has been said here in several speeches .
These suggested targets are easily achievable , and if we had less ambitious targets , then any branch of industry , for example , which would exploit the use of recycled material , could not develop .
Just as the rapporteur stated , economic and ecological factors must be taken into consideration in this connection .
I would therefore like to draw attention to the fact that , as recycling targets are being proposed for wood , it is these very ecological and economic factors that have not necessarily been taken into consideration .
It is a lot wiser ecologically if this wood is burnt as an energy source in people 's houses .
Mr President , to her credit , the main thread of the rapporteur 's argument has been the speedy revision of targets , thereby avoiding the temptation to embark on too large-scale and thorough a review now .
If the targets are to be implemented we should avoid discrimination between materials on the basis of weight .
The very fact that there is an aim to recycle 55 % by weight of packaging waste and an obligation that goes with it to take the environmental costs and benefits of the recovery and recycling of packaging materials into account means that there should be no one-sided increase in material-specific commitments , even if that would mean the 55 % target would be achieved more quickly .
The Commission has promised to present a report in 2005 , one section of which is to be on the subject of re-use .
The report should focus precisely on real environmental impact and assessing market viability .
I want to thank the rapporteur and the shadow rapporteurs for their excellent cooperation .
They represent an administratively allocated abstract right to pollute the atmosphere .
The most despicable way of allocating emissions is by auctioning them .
Things could easily turn out the way they did when the radio spectra were auctioned off : the air space was bought and sold and all the operators ran into trouble .
As the system covers just carbon dioxide emissions it will be free to release other pollutants into the atmosphere .
The emission allowances are to be sold on the stock market .
How will emissions be recorded in company balance sheets ?
We need to ask whether the EU will generally have the power to decide all these matters in a way that treats everyone in the same harmonised way .
Emissions