professional and industrial use , but under clearly defined conditions .
The energy and climate-change package clearly illustrates the political will of a visionary and determined Europe .
You are still in the process of examining some very important proposals , ladies and gentlemen .
If the agreement is not honoured , it means that Russia and Ukraine can no longer be considered reliable partners for the European Union in matters of energy supply .
It recognised that this is not an abstract economic debate , but a crisis that affects Europeans , their livelihoods and their well-being .
The social consequences of the crisis must be addressed directly .
In the face of these challenges , the only stance that our countries can take is to join forces , show solidarity and take both coordinated and determined action .
Mr Topolánek , you have rightly made the Union 's external relations one of your priorities .
Making the European institutions more transparent is a first step towards a new Europe , a Europe of the peoples and a Europe of the sovereign nations .
That is our task .
Europeans must withdraw as quickly as possible from the Afghan wasps ' nest .
In view of the seriousness of the situation in Gaza , the European Parliament could not remain silent .
Faced with these tragedies that are tearing apart the region and spreading bloodshed , we do not have to remain silent or claim impotence .
He happily reported that nobody in Guinea was condemning him ; the opposition political parties , civil society , accepted this situation .
Secondly , the European Union 's security of supply will have to be improved through investment in the networks and , in particular , in the interconnections .
In our debate and in the report , which moreover reflect the discussions that we have had among ourselves in the various political groups , I have noted a broad consensus on the need to strengthen the networks and the interconnections , to use information and communication technologies to make the networks intelligent - as Mrs Reding just explained - to strengthen relations with producer countries and transit countries - that was in particular the aim of the Committee on Foreign Affairs , with our rapporteur , Mr Dimitrakopoulos - and also to reach an agreement on energy efficiency , energy savings , and the development of renewable energies .
I for my part am not a fan of coal , I am not a fan of nuclear , but we need to have the broadest possible range of energy sources .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , I would also like to say to Parliament that it is not enough to have a good legal framework .
I am not saying that things are perfect , but a major effort is being made and , of course , we need to mobilise the entire Internet community .
This is what we want , in order to fight against the employment of people from third countries residing illegally and , above all , to impose sanctions on the employers who profit from these people .
I would point out to Parliament that the impact assessment the Commission carried out showed that the current sanctions have failed to guarantee compliance with the rules .
It also identifies those sectors of the economy in which illegal working is most concentrated , namely , construction , agriculture , cleaning , hotels and catering .
We do not question the need for some cooperation , organisation even , at an intergovernmental level , for solidarity between the States .
Why not say in the report that renewable energies and energy saving are the answer in the future ?
Cooperation between Member States should be strengthened in terms of the exchange of information about criminal records related to convictions for sexual abuse , so that those convicted of such offences can be prevented from taking jobs involving direct contact with children .
We believe that the rights conferred under international law to all detainees should be respected .
At the same time , we must take all measures to ensure that the European Union 's approach complies with our obligations on human rights and our own legislation .
It concerns the CIA using European countries for the transport and illegal detention of prisoners .
Obviously , the Commission , and here I am going to make a commitment to you , hopes that these investigations will be completed and will make it possible , where appropriate , to determine who was responsible and , where appropriate , ensure compensation for the victims .
They have to verify the status of each detainee before they make an official request for transfer to an EU Member State .
It has made its presence felt first by the Return Directive , which is the first horizontal document to harmonise return standards in the Member States .
The Commission also notes that Italy has recognised a need for international protection in half of all individual cases , thus showing that in these flows , there are asylum seekers alongside the illegal immigrants .
That is why I will be making these visits to see how things are working on the ground .
Mr President , as Mr Vondra , the deputy Prime Minister has said , the Commission must ensure that the rules are applied .
What she said is correct : the French authorities have informed us that a new centre with 140 places will open in 2010 .
This will ensure the implementation of Community legislation in this area and the implementation of the directive that supplements this legislation .
This will allow us to update the report on racism which dealt with the year 2007 .
Finally , Mr President , it has to be said that non-discrimination and equal treatment are insufficient to compensate for the disadvantages of minorities