guarantee that all the ACP countries will benefit from a commercial framework that is at least equivalent to the situation previously in force .
Elsewhere , the report falls short of what is needed .
This is the time to devise measures that will effectively solve the various problems that continue to affect the great majority of countries involved .
The repeated references to the Bruguière Report , a secret report , are also unacceptable .
I support the joint motion for a resolution on the recent attacks against Christian communities because it strongly condemns all kinds of violence , discrimination or intolerance that is based on religion or beliefs .
Europe 's silence on this issue , truly astonishing in a region whose origins , culture and traditions are imbued with the Christian faith , threatens to become deafening ...
This led us to harbour hopes for human rights in that area , and an increase in employees ' rights , students ' rights , the rights of the people and electoral and democratic normality in those countries .
This makes it the greatest massacre of journalists in world history .
The Danube Region is facing several challenges , and a strategy for this region will improve connections and communications systems , preserve the environment and encourage growth , job creation and security .
I am aware that macro-regional strategies are aimed at promoting balanced regional development within the EU , using existing resources .
Therefore , the Commission should soon launch a broad consultation process with all countries along the Danube so that the strategy in question is set out by the end of this year and is brought into line with the next multiannual financial framework .
Given the strategic importance of the Danube Region due to its location , closer relations between all countries in this region are crucial , particularly for those that do not yet belong to the EU.
There are also the issues of the trafficking and prostitution of women and girls , violence at work and at home and the various forms of discrimination against women in more vulnerable situations .
A new era which aims to be ambitious in its capacity for initiative and in its foresight with respect to the great challenges of our time .
And it is also balanced in terms of its representation of the genders , given that one third of its members are female , a small increase in comparison to before .
For now , they are calling it the EU 2020 strategy , but they have already said that it is , in fact , about 'making it happen : harnessing existing instruments in a new approach ' .
The guarantee that the Commission will apply the basic principle of equal treatment for Parliament and the Council is one of the aspects relevant to a new institutional balance that are addressed in this agreement .
It is essential that Parliament , which is more and more by rights a partner of the Council in the decision-making process , should today merit the same attention from the Commission as it affords to the Council .
The possibility of systematically having working meetings before each of the institutions produces legislative and regulatory material will surely promote joint working , the reconciliation of ideas , projects and perspectives and the improvement of draft decisions .
The spirit of the Lisbon Treaty is clearly present within this document , with the expansion of Parliament 's responsibilities , the equal treatment for Parliament and the Council and Parliament 's new prerogatives with respect to various matters .
For these reasons , and above all because it reinforces the role of the European Parliament and reinvigorates the European Union , I voted in favour of the motion .
All the new Commissioners were questioned and given an audience in the European Parliament , where they could express their expectations and projects in their respective areas of competency , always stressing the importance of sharing responsibilities by means of interaction between the different portfolios and competences which make up the European Commission .
Therefore , now is the time to provide the EU with a legitimate Commission which is capable of responding to the difficult events of recent times .
In the critical period through which Europe is passing , in financial , economic and social terms , it is crucial to have a strong Commission with an ambitious , bold programme in key areas such as energy security and climate change , scientific research and innovation .
I hope that Parliament and the Commission will be able to work in close cooperation and with full respect for the competences and prerogatives which each possesses , with the aim of establishing a Special Partnership between both institutions , such as that proposed by President Barroso in his political guidelines .
I hope that it will be cohesive and that all its members will be equal to their great responsibilities , at a time when everyone is longing for economic recovery and job creation .
I wish the very best of luck to the President of the European Commission and his team .
I stress the renewed expectations of a team that accepts the great diversity of cultures and identities in Europe as enhancing the best values of each Member State .
We fight for another Europe , of justice and social progress , where economic and social cohesion are a reality and cooperation among states which are sovereign and have equal rights , as well as peace , are central objectives .
I had the opportunity to question the Commissioner-designate for Regional Policy , Johannes Hahn , with regard to his interest in the creation of a specific programme of permanent financial support for the outermost regions .
However , we also know of Member States which , either owing to incompetence or intentionally , were wrong about their deficits