Oostlander has pointed out , is one of the sources of funding for countless other criminal activities , including terrorism itself .
This status , as the Commission proposes it , would give these people the legal security necessary to be able to integrate successfully into European societies .
Furthermore , the person in question must not represent a threat to public order .
The legislation of most Member States already grants this status automatically , without checking whether the condition of old age pensions has been fulfilled .
With regard to participation in political life , the Commission is not stating an opinion , because it takes the view that there is no legal basis in the Treaties for us to address this issue .
This study led the Commission to review some of its proposals , including this proposal , specifically with regard to two points : we removed the requirement for the threat to be effective before residency status is granted , thereby providing for cases of potential risk as they can already be interpreted in light of the current wording of the Geneva Convention of 1951 ; we also removed the ban on implementing emergency expulsion measures as long as certain requirements are met .
With regard to the proposal on the free movement and the freedom to travel of third-country nationals , for which Mrs Kessler is rapporteur , I should like , first of all , to point out that the proposal contains important aspects in terms of the creation of an area of freedom , security and justice .
Examples of these are tourists , investigators , musicians on tour , individuals on family visits , and those undergoing hospitalisation and convalescence .
We ask Parliament not to approve it .
This possibility , however , already exists today because a third-country national can always request a uniform visa , the so-called 'C' visa , and move around freely on that basis .
I welcome , in particular , the agreement achieved on the central issue of this directive : the inclusion of self-employed workers .
- ( PT ) This proposal for a directive has my vote because it represents a major step forwards and makes a valuable contribution to the creation of a more coherent Community policy in the field of immigration .
Furthermore , I welcome the series of procedural guarantees established in this proposal for immigrants who are anxious to be granted this status and which will enable us to prevent potential abusive behaviour by the competent authorities of the Member States .
I am , therefore , pleased that tomorrow we will adopt the Kyoto Protocol and we hope that this can enter into force as early as this year .
Firstly , it has proved that it is possible to regulate globalisation .
Between 1990 and 1999 the European Union already achieved a 4 % reduction in its greenhouse gas emissions .
This option would be environmentally dishonest and economically irrational .
Mr President , the situation of poverty in the world is perfectly well known , as is the deep gulf that separates the northern and southern hemispheres .
The appalling situation in which the developing countries find themselves cannot remain as it is and the European Union and its Member States must not only not content themselves with being the largest donor but must also adopt a clear position which helps these countries to find a way out of this situation .
Existing Community aid will , of course , continue .
There is no point in sweeping the difficulties arising from the construction of a democratic Europe under the carpet , especially at an historic moment when , even at national level , it is crucial to reinvent and strengthen representative democracy .
We are simply asking each of the institutions to play their own role better and better .
Despite the fact that the reform of the Structural Funds culminated in the 1999 Berlin Summit , which made substantial improvements to the way in which it is run , the experience of the last two-and-a-half years tells us that there is room for further improvements .
The same applies to the other Community policies , specifically the common agricultural policy , competition policy and State aid , which could be of enormous value , because of the importance of the legal and financial instruments that underpin them and if they were better directed towards other plans for cohesion .
The principle of subsidiarity must never be used as an instrument with which to attempt to drain the financial resources of the European Union ' s economic and social cohesion policy .
In other words , the two parties involved , the government and FARC , have pursued the negotiating process and FARC has made a considerable effort to find a solution to the problem .
It takes the view that any policy that is given greater financial resources than cohesion policy could neutralise it and that the most developed countries grant production aid that almost equals the Community budget .
In other words , countries such as Portugal could become further consigned to the edges of Europe and the current centre and could become even stronger because it will then be the centre of a Europe which is economically integrated from its western almost to its eastern borders .
I am pleased because the Commission ' s proposals to reduce the special rate of excise duty on the consumption of certain alcoholic drinks produced in Madeira , the Azores and the French overseas departments are yet another measure giving form and substance to the principle of remoteness , enshrined in Article 299( 2 ) of the Treaties .
One hundred and forty jobs are at stake in Madeira and the Azores and 40 000 in the French Overseas Departments