identified now during the next financial year .
Since some technical provisions of the existing directive conflict with international rules on the transport of dangerous goods , it is essential to remove the inconsistencies and to bring the technical requirements into line with international rules .
I therefore share the rapporteur 's opinion that , in the absence of a horizontal solution between the institutions regarding the wording of the new comitology provisions , the dossier must be concluded as quickly as possible with an agreement at first reading .
The growing concern with issues relating to the environment and its protection leads us to take extra care with the safety rules relating to the transport of pressure equipment .
The main question arising in this respect is that of the financing of the stricter security measures that should be implemented .
The terrorist incident a few weeks ago has again shown that airport security is the responsibility of the Member States and that the purpose of existing and newly envisaged security measures is to prevent acts of terrorism .
Parliament had repeatedly called for the Commission to regulate the financing of security charges in the aviation sector .
The proposal , to be implemented in all commercial airports in the European Union , is intrinsically linked to concerns over the right to information , to passenger non-discrimination and to consumer protection .
However , the Commission was obliged to recast it , since the annex has been slightly amended .
In relation to national priorities in the context of the trans-European transport network ( TEN-T) , I consider it important to invest not only in railways but , above all , in motorways of the sea and the interoperability and cooperability of the various kinds of transport .
Its adoption in this Chamber follows its practically unanimous recommendation by the Committee on Transport and Tourism .
In this context , this report represents a reaction to the financial crisis and its socioeconomic repercussions .
In my view , EU cohesion policy is a central factor in the development and implementation of the principle of solidarity among Member States that the European Union advocates .
It followed the European Economic Recovery Plan , in the context of which the implementing provisions of the aforementioned basic regulation had already been modified in 2009 to allow more flexibility with advance payments .
The Commission proposal involves the introduction of a temporary option , to which Member States with severe cash-flow difficulties could turn in order to finance necessary growth and employment promotion measures designed to combat the crisis and eligible under the European Social Fund .
Simplifying access to the European Regional Development Fund , the European Social Fund , and the Cohesion Fund is an essential part of supporting the Member States most affected by the economic crisis that we are experiencing .
The compromise solution , albeit not perfect , means that EU funds for 2007 that have not been absorbed by programmes that have been slow to start up will , exceptionally , benefit from an extended deadline before being decommitted .
The Commission is seeking to change them formally by means of its 'omnibus ' proposal .
The Commission and the Council must urgently make the necessary changes in light of the new legislative framework .
In other cases , there is just a change in legal basis .
It will thus make it quicker and simpler to fill gaps or to regulate or update more detailed aspects in a legislative act , avoiding excessively complicated and prolonged legislative procedures , which used to have negative consequences for the public .
Nevertheless , this detailing of the law set out in the Treaty is important to prevent excessively disparate interpretations that would jeopardise the consistency of EU law .
Enshrining in the Treaty the ability to delegate to the Commission the power to adopt non-legislative acts to supplement legislative acts is a step forwards in that it places the two institutions on an equal footing .
The Commission has put forward a communication on strategic goals and recommendations for the EU 's maritime transport policy until 2018 .
It must be realised that the European maritime sector mainly operates and competes in a global market .
With the adoption of this report , the objectives necessary for the existence of a Union maritime transport policy are being defined .
Safer and cleaner shipping must also be sought , by reducing greenhouse-gas emissions and offering an effective response to acts of piracy .
Even during the periods when divisions and even hostility between the countries of Europe were most evident , European culture and science have always been able to cross those borders and spread throughout the area that today makes up the Union , and even beyond .
Europeana opened in November 2008 and its aim is to make Europe 's cultural and scientific heritage accessible to all on the Internet .
I support the call for Europeana to reach a stock of at least 15 million different digitised objects by 2015 .
Nevertheless , there are certain aspects of the adopted resolution that are less clear and others that have not been sufficiently developed .
A joint effort is needed that leads to the quick adoption of new technologies allowing the whole of Europe 's cultural heritage to be quickly compiled in high-quality digital formats .
It is essential that European farmers be compensated under the new common agricultural policy for the higher production costs associated with more demanding animal welfare standards .
A high level of animal welfare from breeding to slaughter can improve product safety and quality .
The financing of this compensation must consist of new common agricultural policy grant schemes from 2013 onwards .
It could and should have gone further , by criticising the current CAP , rejecting its productivism and arguing for a new agricultural policy