.
Many studies , including the German Aerospace Centre and the Heinrich-Böll-Stiftung ERENE studies , show that the effective introduction of new and clean forms of energy would be technically and economically possible .
Obviously , aviation and air traffic cause emissions , but it is just as obvious that they represent the future .
When we take into account the growing importance of business aviation in particular , we definitely need to pay attention to these sectors and guarantee their competitiveness .
Their establishment and modernisation should be promoted and Member States encouraged to invest .
The continuing growth in business aviation , however , is clogging up the airports in use more and more .
This is a sign of the development potential of air traffic as a whole .
Non-discrimination based on gender and inter-generational solidarity ( short presentation ) The European Union proved an incomprehensively lackadaisical community when it did not take any firm diplomatic action in the context of international organisations to condemn , on the basis of human rights , the illegal activity the United States of America was engaged in .
May the EU be ashamed of its failure to act .
Nearly a tenth of EU citizens currently belong to a national , linguistic or ethnic minority .
Some , like myself , as a Swedish-speaking Finn , are treated well .
It is important for the historical national minorities to be able to see themselves as full members of the Union .
Immigrants require special support to help them integrate into their new homelands .
Russia 's involvement and propaganda in Estonia and Latvia , for example , is a cautionary example .
It would also be important for this parliamentary committee to be given explicit responsibility for issues relating to minorities .
This Parliament should approve a statement on the rights of minorities .
( Applause ) rapporteur . - Mr President , 70 years ago , Mr Chamberlain came back from Munich waving a piece of paper and saying 'peace for our time ' .
The EU has been incredibly successful in peacemaking .
Mr Solana has this number , which Mr Kissinger asked for years ago .
We have a financial crisis now , which did not fall on us from the sky .
It was very much self-inflicted .
Perhaps this is also the time to ask : what are the toxic assets and what are the obstacles to our peacemaking , our raison d 'être ?
The biggest obstacle is that we simply do not have a vision .
The world is changing around us , faster than we can react .
Even if those people do not vote for us , we have to care for them because they are our brothers and sisters in the human family .
On 2 April 1917 , President Wilson said , 'a steadfast concert of peace can never be maintained except by a partnership of democratic nations ' .
We in the EU do not realise what kinds of tools we have in our mosaic composition of 27 countries .
Therefore , the unique ability we have enables us to go to any crisis spot and be a doctor or a referee .
Now is the time to strike while the iron is hot : Il faut battre le fer tant qu'il est chaud , as the French say .
We have to get our act together .
Already , 94 % of the European population is in NATO , and only 6 % are outside .
We owe that to the people , because it is our duty to alleviate human suffering ; it is our ethical duty and it is in our long-term interest .
We have to learn from our mistakes .
That is a noble cause .
Who is not a pacifist ?
Anybody of sound mind is a pacifist .
But we must have the means to prevent it .
I really give credit to the majority of Members in this House who again proved tonight that constructive , responsible common sense will prevail ; that this House is what it is meant to be : a House that looks forward , because , unless we work together , peace will become a casualty .
I was in France when the massacre in Rwanda took place - and this is not directed against France , but is a comment on how the media report information - and the fact that Mr Zidane , the football star , had a wart on his knee literally drew more attention than the massacre in Rwanda .
Finland outside NATO is in good company with Sweden , Austria and Switzerland .
It is easy to identify with them .
We have started to speak about a softer NATO , as the 'bellicose ' President was exchanged for a 'peaceful ' one in the United States of America .
My own view is that NATO 's fundamental nature has not changed at all , ever since the bipolar security system failed .
Neither is NATO the proper answer to the bigger problems facing Finland in the near future , which are mainly economic in nature .
In order to stabilise the economies of the developing countries and bring peace to them , it is vitally important that the Union keeps to its target to increase its share of development aid by 0.7 % of GDP by the year 2015 .
This alone , however , will not be enough .
Financial investment and projects intended to build infrastructure and for more satisfactory adherence to the notion of human rights need to be undertaken in such a way that they support one another .
Projects aimed at improving the transport , technology and energy sectors and the dialogue between the scientific community and NGOs are essential for the social viability of developing countries .
