We shall take steps to bring the matter before the Court of Justice in Luxembourg , and I can promise that there will be a political storm over the abuse of power of which this Regulation is an expression .
- ( DA ) The Danish Social Democrats have today voted in favour of Mrs Schleicher ' s report on the statute and financing of European political parties .
The Treaty contains provisions concerning the political parties .
The most important purpose of this statute is to create openness and transparency in the financing of the European political parties .
An important point are the demands that European parties be representative .
It is important to recognise that smaller parties too contribute substantially to European democracy , especially in connection with enlargement .
- ( DA ) We have voted against the report for two basic reasons .
It is contrary to democratic principles to favour larger political groupings over smaller groupings .
The second reason concerns the legal uncertainty and lack of basis in the Treaties , together with the President ' s completely unacceptable reintroduction of the proposal , even though it was agreed to throw out the reading in accordance with Article 143 of the Rules of Procedure .
- ( DA ) The Danish Social Democrats have today voted against Parliament ' s report on the olive oil scheme .
The report does not acknowledge that there has been extensive fraud involving the aid scheme for olive oil , and it is dismissive of the Commission ' s proposed changes in the aid .
At the moment , the EU provides aid per ton of olive oil .
Such monitoring has not operated at all satisfactorily .
The Commission is proposing in the longer term to introduce aid-per-tree instead of per ton of olive oil .
The Commission proposes extending the present system by 2 years until such a system is in place .
We are , of course , concerned here with the creation of those values which will ensure prosperity in Europe for many years to come .
Nor am I sure that our Swedish brethren are in any way doing anything to encourage support for the national basic research programmes which generate the new knowledge .
If , in the Sixth Framework Programme , we are to achieve a situation in which innovative small companies have access to programmes without their intellectual rights being destroyed , we must have mechanisms which enable companies to have access from outside to the major research programmes and which make it possible for contracts to be concluded without subsequent unnecessary bureaucracy .
One fundamental question is therefore the following : has the Council finally got around to giving the research department a mandate to conclude contracts without the need for umpteen signatures ?
It is frustrating for a small enterprise or university department to be obliged , at the diktat of the Council , to wait for heaven knows how many signatures .
I am delighted that the Council is there for once , and I am looking forward to hearing the Commission ' s answer .
Mr President , what the Treaty of Nice essentially boils down to is more Union and less democracy .
What really was the background to the Treaty of Nice ?
There are only two remarks to be made about this .
The crucial element of this Treaty and of the refrain that forms the basis of this report is to be found in the ambition expressed in recital F and in what follows on from this .
It is a question of developing the EU' s institutions and , in particular of course , this Parliament as a surrogate for the national democracies .
The majority of our group can essentially concur with the minority opinion , expressed by Mr Ribeiro e Castro , to the effect that what we have here is a warped view of democracy .
What kind of talk is that ?
No, it has to be the EU élites .
These are to be financed by the European Union because they cannot acquire money in any other way , partly because they do not have any members .
Finally : are the various populations being asked about this Treaty ?
The only people who are being asked are the Irish people , and I sincerely hope that , on behalf of all the populations of Europe , the Irish people will tell these élites that their conception of democracy is a misunderstanding and then vote against the Treaty on 7 June .
Mr President , an unbecoming process and a still worse result , is what many here in Parliament are saying for a variety of reasons .
All right , perhaps that is the case , but democracy is a human creation after all , and only a human creation .
One thing is quite clear , however .
That is how simple it is , irrespective of the reasons given for voting against .
We could therefore try to find new ground rules for the future , but ones which do not affect ourselves alone but , above all , involve the people .
When you then hear certain speakers here , it is obvious that the debate is still all too necessary .
I would like to thank Mrs Hautala for the considerable work that she has put into this legislation , since this is , in fact , an example of how necessary it is to have legislation we can support , if we are to implement equality in practice .
I think it is great that Mrs Hautala has been able to draw up a progressive report whilst at the same time succeeding in achieving a broad majority for it .
That is necessary because , after all , 314 people have to vote in favour in