air transporters stand , despite the fact that the last two are not European Union programmes ?
Europe needs to take its decisions at both an institutional and material level .
I do not know if there is any similarity with certain European political leaders in a divided Europe who submit their credentials to Camp David or the seat of the new Rome every once in a while .
So there is acute competition both between the Member States of the European Union and with the USA .
The truth is that a European army is being created , with mercenaries with modern training and weapons , whose mission is to defend the interests of big business wherever it has put down roots and wherever ? ? ? ? orders it to intervene .
These bonds alone would be enough to prove the real nature and mission of the famous ESDP.
The people recently watched the Member States of the European Union sign the new aggressive NATO policy in Prague on preventive attack , which is precisely what the American and British imperialists are doing in Iraq today and will do anywhere else , if the people let them .
The crime being perpetrated in Iraq as we speak again gives us a picture , after Yugoslavia and Afghanistan , of the purpose of these policies .
Mr President , the Council knows about the abduction of Mr Erkel and has repeatedly expressed its concern at various levels .
The Russian authorities were called on to make every effort to secure the safe release of Mr Erkel .
Mr President , the Council agrees with the importance the honourable Member attaches to the right of refugees and exiles to return to their countries , which is considered to be a fundamental human right .
Under Article 49 of the Treaty on European Union , any European state which respects the principles set out in Article 6( 1 ) may apply to become a member of the Union .
Croatia , for example , applied for membership on 21 February .
It is a long-term approach , the purpose of which is to support the reforms which are needed and which are in keeping with the European Union .
The next examination is planned for mid-2003 and will enable progress made in the meantime by the various stabilisation and association countries to be evaluated .
This is a sad legacy of the civil war .
Is this issue included in your general position ?
Greek legislation applies and consequently it is not a general issue in connection with European Union policy relating to the Western Balkans .
It has to do with freedom of movement .
If the President-in-Office contacts the Greek prefectures , he will see that this is systematic action on the part of the Dutch authorities and I should like to ask for an intervention , given that this has to do with the free movement of persons within the European Union .
I make this statement in my national capacity and not in my capacity as President-in-Office of the Council .
This question is being discussed at Coreper today and , as I said , we are waiting to discuss it in the Council next week .
It is far too early at present for me to state , as President-in-Office of the Council , if the outcome of negotiations , the starting date of which is unknown because we have to wait for the opinion of the European Commission , will be such that Croatia can become a member on 1 January 2007 .
Anything is possible , except that at the moment I do not think that it serves any purpose or that there is any point in my saying whether or not it is possible .
Mr Baker submitted a proposal on 16 January 2003 for a political solution to the conflict which guarantees self-determination in accordance with Security Council Resolution No 1429 of 30 July 2002 .
All possible solutions have been set out to the parties involved .
Regardless of the political solution to the conflict , the question of human rights is a factor of fundamental importance to the Union and a source of permanent concern to it .
The European Union expressed its satisfaction following this event .
It also called for continuing cooperation with the International Red Cross Committee in order to get to the bottom of the issue of the missing Saharawis .
The honourable Members may refer to the Commission for more information about the exact amount of aid provided by the Union .
The point is what the European Commission 's intentions are , not what the Council 's intentions are .
What I said about humanitarian assistance in these situations applies precisely to both sides .
Mr President , I do not know if Morocco prevented a delegation from travelling to Geneva .
My reply , which I think must have been clear , is that the Council , which of course also has the association agreement with Morocco in its hands , is exhausting all the means of persuasion at its disposal to bring about respect for human rights and a solution to this major issue and to condemn incidents such as those to which the honourable Member and her honourable friends referred , with the means and tools at its disposal .
I shall look into the matter .
I should like to say that I am from a country which also lived through times such as these at one point and that we are very sensitive to these situations at a personal level .
If there was , I am very sorry .
As far as the question of exploiting deposits and natural resources is concerned , the Council , precisely because this stage is a very delicate stage in the negotiations , does not consider it advisable for activities such as these to be furthered