which we need in order to obtain a final result , and at national level , with the need for horizontal action in every ministry so that the women ' s policy becomes a horizontal policy .
We still have no agreement on the modus operandi for the European Commission , on how votes are to be weighted in the Council , on what should be done about the principle of qualified majority voting or on proportional representation in the European Parliament .
Clearly the constitutionalisation of the Treaties will have to be postponed to a later date .
Progress has also been made with Article 7 on combating violations of the basic values of the European Union .
They have not clearly formulated their final philosophy .
We are leading people and that calls for a slightly different approach .
I am worried that the changeover to qualified majority voting is not directly linked to codecision with the European Parliament .
When the intergovernmental conference in Amsterdam inserted a special reference to islands into Article 158 on economic and social cohesion , adding the word "islands " as a special category under the regions which deserve particular attention within the context of cohesion policies , we here in the European Parliament who had first fought for this development thought that it marked the start of a new era for island regions .
Obviously the second version is incorrect , first because regions lagging behind economically are , in any case , covered by the Structural Funds and , secondly , because if this interpretation were correct , there would have been no point in adopting declaration No 30 .
The cost of transportation from an island to the mainland is three times the cost of transportation by road .
We must therefore move in this direction .
A simple single economic area , even with a single currency , is no replacement for political Union .
We cannot put this sort of limitation on our ambitions because that would presage the break-up of the Union , even of economic Union .
Even if all the demands of the French Presidency for qualified majority voting are accepted , large areas of political cooperation will remain uncovered .
Cooperation must therefore offer all the guarantees proposed by the rapporteur , be open to all the Member States , respect the spirit of the Treaties and not undermine the acquis communautaire .
Mr Gil-Robles ' proposals on reinforced cooperation are , on balance , positive .
Now what we need is for the summit in Nice to demonstrate the political will to ensure that the Nice Treaty combines these proposals , and other proposals formulated on other occasions , into an integrated institutional framework which allows the European process to advance properly and the European Union to welcome the new Member States in a positive and sound manner .
Material for the vegetative propagation of the vine must meet high specifications both from the phytosanitary point of view and as regards certification of the variety or clone , since it is the initial material which a vine-grower wishing to produce high quality vine products and safeguard his income will use to start a vineyard .
At no point does the report clarify either who will grant the authorisation or what controls will be carried out .
The main point here is that material for vegetative propagation which meets reduced specifications gives a poorer quality vineyard , thereby jeopardising the vine-grower ' s income , while suppliers are in a win-win situation because they are able to sell poor quality products .
Sometimes , when the consequences of this policy cause an outcry , state intervention , aid and other economic and fiscal incentives come along and go some way to restoring the situation .
They know that , without a strong , productive and efficient public sector , there is no light at the end of the tunnel .
We find the constant pressures and concomitant institutional measures , such as the proposed state aid register and scoreboard , unacceptable .
The number of demonstrations against "globalisation " and the rule of the uncontrolled laws of the market is increasing rapidly .
Attempts to erode measures to protect workers still further , the attack from all fronts on the rights which they have fought for , in conjunction with attempts to minimise the specific weight of the public sector and the balancing function which state aid can exercise , do nothing except increase grass-roots dissatisfaction and leave workers no choice but to fight and resist .
Demands are increasing , whether we like it not , and yet the Council , year on year , has reduced the overall size of the budget .
It was not the farmers and the poor in the Mediterranean who decided and went ahead with the NATO bombings , but it is they who are paying for the damage .
This is no paradox .
The national authorities ?
I , to give a minor example , would love to know what the agency now being proposed would have done about the mad cow crisis in Britain , about the dioxin crisis in Belgium and about the genetically-modified cotton and foodstuffs , such as cotton seed oil , in Greece .
Consequently , legislation on food issues should cover the entire spectrum and extend horizontally .
Stricter , more efficient controls are needed in the Member States .
When the international community cannot deal with the poison of nationalism and confrontation or help find political solutions , those involved will be more willing to take recourse to minefields .
Mr President , what we are basically doing in today 's debate on the Bonino report , an excellent report , is codifying measures to deal with an extremely serious international problem .
Now to a question which was touched on in connection with my country , Greece .
