for the United States , globalization simply means applying American law on an international scale ?
I would like to thank all my colleagues in Parliament for having voted for this report on the protection of families and children .
Nevertheless , our Group has tabled certain amendments to this report , as adopts a rather questionable approach to certain problems to do with fishing techniques , such as the use of trawl nets with square mesh and the banning of the use of drift nets .
We can , I believe , be pleased with the fact that the Council , in its common position , has not covered bunker fuel as this accounts for only 2 % of total sulphur emissions .
Perhaps we should finally take a good look at the volume of waste we produce .
Our support for the Commission 's position is accompanied simply by a few recommendations .
In view of this , Commissioner Monti 's initiative has come at just the right time .
This directive will only make a difference if it can be applied to all actors and operators in all Member States .
In this respect , our rapporteur 's proposal that multilateral agreements could be reached with our main partners , the United States or Switzerland , without introducing a sine qua non condition on this issue , seems to be perfectly credible and realistic in the longer term .
I also agree with those who wish to redistribute the tax burden on labour , capital and natural resources in order to contribute to the fight against unemployment , and I think the majority of Members of Parliament support this .
The European Banking Federation accepts a minimum rate of a 10 % withholding tax , but rejects the regime of information .
It is of little consolation that few natural persons hold Eurobonds and that major capitalists will therefore be able to continue with their plans outside the Community .
Although I personally would have preferred a rate of 25 % , I am prepared , together with the rapporteur and the Socialist Group , to accept the 20 % rate put forward by the Commission .
Carrying out annual roadworthiness inspections is no longer enough to guarantee the safety and reliability of the vehicle .
Therefore , I hope that the Council will listen to the voice of wisdom and that ministers will not charge headlong towards unification , as this would be a dead end .
The Chinese Government has , for example , decided to control the content of the articles of faith of the various Christian religions , and is itself selecting which it deems acceptable and which are banned .
What is more , this request for flexibility was noted at the last General Affairs Council meeting .
It is for this reason that the PSE Group has tabled several amendments , in particular a new paragraph after recital Q and a new Amendment No 6 calling for greater flexibility .
As well as this introductory praise of the content , I should also like to offer my full support for the recommendations made by our colleague .
It is our responsibility to combat this plague , and the paths outlined in the report submitted to us are along the right lines .
In fact , it is important that this House promotes the emergence of these new jobs that appear to have great potential .
We must increase the number of SMEs and encourage them .
We need to monitor and stabilise methane ( CH4 ) emissions , nitrous oxide ( N2 O ) emissions , gases that directly affect air quality , and gas emissions that have negative effects on the ozone layer , such as perfluorocarbons ( PFCs ) , hydrofluorocarbons ( HFCs ) and sulphur hexafluoride ( SF6 ) .
In view of this , it would be most pleasing if the Commission were to take strong initiatives to promote alternatives such as composts and biogas from biodegradable waste .
Initially , some people may wish to use a sufficiently vague definition and then later draw up increasingly strict standards , or even unrealistic ones .
If Member States consider that cultural policy demands free access to works , for example , it is up to them to provide for the necessary measures ; it is not up to the authors to foot the bill .
What are the central themes of my report ?
In the area of market management we wanted to set up distillation for the purpose of supplying potable alcohol so that European viticulture can preserve its own market .
I will not be voting for Amendment No 249 because we cannot know how the potable alcohol market will develop .
I therefore consider the report as adopted in the Committee on Agriculture to be perfectly suitable .
They account for 7 % of agricultural GDP and only 2.5 % of budgetary expenditure , which means that wine growers bring in a lot of revenue and cost very little .
There are four , as far as I can see : Malthusianism , fundamentalism , internationalism and dehumanisation .
While respecting the exclusive competence of the Member States in this area , the Commission is supporting several projects within the Socrates programme which are helping to disseminate information on the euro in schools and to integrate this topic into the different curriculum subjects .
That is the information I have on this type of activity .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , with regard to Mr Martin 's report , we should welcome not only the important and high-quality work produced by the rapporteur , but also the fact that the time devoted to preparing , discussing and organising this work enabled the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development to provide Parliament with a good report which is comprehensive and coherent , and which was adopted by a large majority .
