Madam Voynet was bound not to give way to the American point of view .
You would not expect any less of her , would you ?
My question to the Commissioner is : Does she feel that there is any flexibility likely to arise in the European Union position on " sinks " ; secondly , when does she forecast that the talks are likely to resume ; and thirdly , was Mr Prescott ' s statement to the House of Commons actually true ?
He said in the House of Commons that the agreement which he had laboriously brokered with all the skills of a Sherman tank would have prevented developed countries from gaining credits from the clean development mechanism for planting forests in developing countries , which sounds rather good .
This was felt by many countries , particularly the green groups , to be a huge loophole .
The agreement would have placed a ceiling on the use of forest sinks by the United States , Japan and Canada , a ceiling which Europe had been asking for , and strengthen the scientific requirements applied to the domestic sinks .
Given the - surprise - glowing report by Mr Prescott on the deal which he had himself brokered , why was it that not only Madam Voynet but , I believe , and this is my last question to the Commissioner , most of the other environment ministers in Europe all rejected that ?
It seems from Mr Prescott ' s report to his own Parliament that he was making them an offer they could not refuse ?
In conclusion I regret that this has happened , but I hope that we will in the end share Mrs Wallström ' s optimism and get the kind of agreement on climate change which we need .
Madam President , these negotiations were always going to be hard but Commission officials believed that a deal would be done at the end of the day because political leaders across the world simply had too much to lose by returning home empty-handed .
It is a matter of huge disappointment that agreement was not reached and I very much regret that the end of the convention was marred by a dispute between Britain' s Deputy Prime Minister and the French Presidency over the compromise proposals he put forward .
The fact that after Mr Prescott ' s rather noisy departure , the Americans tabled new proposals , which came closer to the EU position , demonstrates that the French Presidency was right to hold firm .
We were getting closer , but sadly time ran out .
The fear is that the momentum has been lost and the American negotiators will change and we start afresh in May .
The disagreement within Europe is all the more regrettable because my overriding impression of the convention was of a European Union negotiating as a closely-knit team , from a position which crossed party lines and united Member States behind shared principles , a shared outlook and a shared sense of anger at the refusal of the Americans to face up to their responsibilities as the world ' s largest emitters of greenhouse gases .
From all we have heard , we must assume that the US Senate will not ratify the Kyoto protocol , however hard we compromise .
Therefore , we must give greater priority to bringing in and gaining the support of nations elsewhere , to getting emissions trading up and running , and to taking real action to reduce global warming gases in this Union .
Let us hope we get agreement in May ; in the meantime let Europe take the lead .
The USA remains of great importance .
Money talks in American politics more than it does within our Union .
US industry and the oil companies are telling their politicians that they must reject the Kyoto protocol , whatever the American public say .
My question to the Commissioner is this : How can we persuade American industry that it is in their commercial interests to support the protocol , so that they pull purse strings and pull the American politicians into line ?
How do we drag them kicking and screaming into the 21st century with all its problems ?
The IGC still seems to be experiencing problems with the extension of qualified voting within the Council .
Perhaps we should shift the focus to the issue of extending codecision with the Parliament .
Parliament has proved itself a mature partner with the Council in the codecision procedure where it presently pertains .
Parliament has also proved itself a serious partner within the drafting of the Charter , and it would be especially refreshing should British Prime Minister Blair publicly recognise that fact .
At present the spread of codecision is neither logical nor does it accord with precise criteria .
Although the previous Treaty made some progress in extending the formula , it also brought in the crazy formula of codecision plus unanimity for citizenship , social security , the rights of the self-employed and also cultural policy .
The Treaty of Nice should stop that practice and extend codecision to some thirty further policy sectors , including competition policy , farm and fisheries , structural funds , state aids , trans-European networks , research and development and also citizenship .
At a time when crude balance of power questions are proving fairly problematical for the IGC , surely it is sensible for it to focus on building up cooperation and trust with the Parliament and developing post-national European democracy as fast as possible .
Mr President , the debate on Article 133 and commercial policy needs to be part of a much wider effort to bring transparency and democracy to the EU' s decision-making on trade .
This sector is