I want this on the record because it will be of even greater importance in the future .
( Laughter ) This is a matter of crucial importance to mankind .
The Commission first presented a proposal in this area five years ago , in 1993 , involving both a directive and a regulation .
It is also in the interests of the motor manufacturers to push for some kind of law , given the legislative diversity .
Reference is made , for example , to the fundamental characteristic which a utility design or model must have in order to be recognized as such .
Has this been achieved ?
I had the opportunity to analyse this issue in some depth as draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy , and I should like to point out that , from an economic angle , the directive sought to respond to two objectives : on the one hand , completion of the internal market and facilitating the free movement of goods with equal protection for products in the area concerned ; and , on the other hand , protection against copies or products which might arrive from third countries and damage our industry .
Further to what my colleague Mrs Mann has said , I think it would indeed be desirable and appropriate if the Commissioner responsible , Sir Leon Brittan , could attend the relevant committees - the Committee on Foreign Affairs , Security and Defence Policy and the Committee on External Economic Relations - and give us some impressions of his travels on his return from the United States .
Mr Bangemann mentioned this just now .
One , did the Commission know about Mrs Albright 's letter unilaterally interpreting the agreements between the European Union and the Clinton Administration ?
I have no wish to argue with Mr Sarlis , who used part of his speaking time as draftsman to claim certain amendments for his own political group .
No one really knows .
These working documents should be forwarded to Parliament and should be debated .
There is no political logic here .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , for many years all our countries have been carrying out environmental impact studies , even before the 1985 directive was adopted .
Mr Lannoye , you know perfectly well that in many countries , the consultation procedure and the completion of the final environmental impact report - known as the statement of environmental impact - take two years , 18 months , 16 months or 12 months .
The Committee on Research proposes that before authorizing construction work in urban development plans , an analysis should be carried out to determine whether or not the areas are prone to flooding .
Mr President , the report we are submitting to Parliament comes under the Community policy on waste management .
Many differences exist in terms of the interpretation of the rules , due to the lack of universal agreement on concepts such as industrial waste and hazardous waste .
Since October 1997 , it has begun infringement proceedings .
However , while I thank Mr des Places and Mr Souchet for their interest , I unfortunately cannot accept the amendments they have tabled , Nos 2 and 3 , because they are out of place in this more general report .
What is happening means that perhaps these infringement proceedings should be faster and more automatic , because they continue over a period of time and that leads to an increase in waste , something that is particularly alarming when the waste is hazardous .
Observation of the elections was organised within the framework of the United Nations .
As I already said , to make use of the International Criminal Court , the protocol on it becoming operational must be ratified by 60 countries .
During the meeting in the Philippines , the Indonesian Minister for Foreign Affairs very surprisingly , in my opinion , presented an offer to the ASEAN group relating to the East Timor problem .
However , I myself , on behalf of the Commission , do not have any information on these bilateral negotiations .
In any event , I have told my services to prepare a draft decision for Friday , which we are going to submit to the Member States .
I believe that your colleague , Mrs Kinnock , could answer that much better than I could .
The problem with these elections is not organising them , which is difficult in itself .
Detailed explanations of the causes are already being put forward - rather like having a patient 's disease diagnosed at the post mortem .
It hard to imagine how a country so rich in natural resources could have become so utterly bankrupt .
Mr. President , I welcome the speeches by the President-in-Office of the Council and the President of the Commission .
There are some really worrying facts which should have been taken into account earlier .
It is incredible how the West can apply these double standards and be so two-faced , supporting authoritarianism and stifling democracy .
I believe that , in the first place , we must take the lead alongside the United States and Japan , whom no one has mentioned and on whom everything depends at present .
Should the Fund be reformed ?
No positive developments have taken place in Turkish political life .
This relationship must be shown to be open and of mutual benefit , whilst contributing to the development of the country .
Take the situation in Albania , for example where Berisha is again attempting to subvert the democratic order and put the government against the ropes .
Kosovo must certainly be granted self-determination within a democratic Serbia .
Fiscal harmonization requires maximum political support -