the environment , precisely in those areas to which funds have not yet been allocated .
No institution or administration is infallible .
The annual report describes several cases by way of example and I should like to pick up on one of them here .
It requires real patience to obtain an answer .
In this respect , this special report represents an important step towards the fulfilment of the new Article 191a which , although it only actually contains rules on access for the Council , Parliament and the Commission , in light of the new version of Article 2 , second paragraph , must also be taken as a criterion for all bodies and institutions of the European Union .
We demand it from associated states , but we do not demand it of ourselves .
Within a few days Mr Schüssel had set up a representative office and I am pleased that the image of Europe we are presenting in Kosovo at the present time is Mr Schüssel 's image of Europe .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , Sir Leon Brittan , I am delighted that you are here .
We cannot , and of course we will not , overlook this point .
I believe that recent events show that the resumption of this cooperation should not be hurried .
Even if peace is secured it will not be easy to solve the problems there , as it will not be possible to make good the damage which has been caused there and to restore the structures which have been destroyed over night .
I would just like to say this for the record because it shows once again that certain neat explanations about countries we know little about actually mean very little , and that we should finally admit once and for all that conditions there are terrible .
If we look at the whole history of Vietnam , we can see that there is one part of Vietnam where we have become accustomed to seeing human rights infringed and abused and another part where - in our version - this did not happen in the same form at least until the 1970s .
Madam President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , in light of the sensitivity of the subject we are dealing with , it was in my view a wise decision to leave open to the Council and the Commission the detail of the text of the resolution specifying the means by which they intend to exert pressure on the relevant institutions and governments to effect the restitution of property belonging to Holocaust victims to those persons who are legally entitled to it .
However , where single tickets are sold for charter flights it is right that the same applies and compensation must be paid .
This has to be done on a global level for it is unacceptable that our European airlines should be disadvantaged in relation to American and other companies .
This should only be the case , if at all , where a Member State has genuinely failed to meet guidelines , not simply failed to achieve a set of figures .
The Commission is not pressing for them to be used as guidelines for adherence to European objectives or European cohesion policy .
Rather , I wish to underline the fact that the Commission 's communication represents the preparations for and part of a whole series of legal initiatives , some of which it is in the process of preparing , others of which have already been drawn up , and all of which are directed towards the use of new technologies to develop the single market , in particular in the area of the free movement of goods , services and capital .
We in the European Union have the possibility of developing just such a joint legal framework .
Solving the associated problems in the field of legal security will be a determining factor in the acceptance of electronic communication by the citizens , but it will also be a precondition for the equality of legal status of digital and conventional signatures .
A series of individual measures will be discussed here in Parliament from part-session to part-session and Mr Orlando 's report forms part of this series .
If only this unity and agreement reigned between warring political parties at national level , that would really simplify matters ; instead of which , the fight against crime and the related measures are allowed to fall victim to electoral campaign strategies .
It is most welcome that the rapporteur and the committee have made up their minds to do so .
The adversary , however , is "organized crime ' and should not be underestimated .
Mr President , may I ask the rapporteur a question on this point ?
Enlargement towards the east is not merely an economic process ; it is a gigantic learning curve for us all .
I am outraged and ashamed when I think of the multitude of good , cross-border projects set up by companies , training institutes and technical colleges which will now have to be cancelled and of the dashed hopes of young people who , perhaps for the first time in their lives , might have been able to finish part of their vocational training in another country .
That is why I would like to thank Mr Elchlepp for his excellent report and subscribe to his conviction that we must intervene jointly to ensure that funds are maintained and increased , as we shall otherwise be unable to help these young people .
It would have been a very good political move if we could have adopted Mr Bösch 's report this week , in order to clearly show how Parliament reacts to improve the prevention of fraud as well as to make it punishable