not about introducing additional restrictions .
Fourthly , the sanctions attached to the 108 % rule are disproportionately high .
Care must therefore be taken to calculate the number of journeys correctly , so that sanctions are not wrongly applied .
So we are not just talking about reducing nitrogen oxide in the Brenner pass .
To quote the new Article 6 in the Treaty of Amsterday : " Environmental protection requirements must be integrated into the definition and implementation of the Community policies and activities referred to in Article 3" , such as the free movement of goods .
Mr Stockmann made a great number of valid points , namely that the main objective , to reduce NOx emissions , has in fact almost been achieved and that the 108 % clause is disproportionate and inaccurate .
This is the question people in Austria are asking and they are not getting an answer .
The Treaty can only be revised , and rightly so , if equivalent measures are introduced .
Setting up an observatory for cultural cooperation and the proposed three-year cultural cooperation plan will , in the final analysis , be a gauge of just how seriously politicians at all levels are trying to maintain and develop a European area of culture .
This allegation must be consigned to the domain of creative journalism !
Its name , however , is irrelevant .
It is not a problem of quantity either .
Such behaviour between EU Member States , furthermore , would be incompatible with Community law , because it constitutes a type of prohibited state aid .
The political problem highlighted by this whole issue is the prevalence of profound mistrust .
This is tantamount to what happened when journalists began to tell us that there was a global interception system called Echelon which was operated by the United States , the United Kingdom , Canada , Australia and New Zealand and which could intercept and analyse phone , fax and e-mail communications worldwide .
Regrettably , the companies that have been victims of these activities remain silent for fear of tarnishing their image .
But what exactly is the statement on this issue from the European Parliament ?
Another exceptional feature of the report , to my mind , is the response it has already evoked far beyond the bounds of the European Union .
My thanks go the Secretariat , the Secretary-General and his staff , and to the many people who have helped us with their advice and information .
They are compelled to seek help from people like the snakeheads because we have created Fortress Europe here .
Maybe we should rather do as the report suggests and proceed from a definition of terrorist acts which focuses on the threat they pose to individuals and groups of people .
Mr President , I am sure we all agree that terrorism is one of the most critical challenges our society has to face .
( Parliament agreed to take the oral amendment into account ) ( Parliament adopted the resolution ) Report ( A5-0255/2001 ) by Mr Jürgen Schröder , on behalf of the Committee on Foreign Affairs , Human Rights , Common Security and Defence Policy , on the Czech Republic ' s application for membership of the European Union and the state of negotiations [COM(2000)703 - C5-0603/2000 - 1997/2180(COS) ] ( Parliament adopted the resolution ) Report ( A5-0256/2001 ) by Mr Wiersma , on behalf of the Committee on Foreign Affairs , Human Rights , Common Security and Defence Policy , on Slovakia ' s application for membership to the European Union and the state of negotiations [COM)( 2000)711 - C5-0611/2000 - 1997/2173(COS) ] Before the vote
- ( DE ) We , the undersigned Members of the European Parliament from the Austrian People ' s Party ( ÖVP ) and the European People ' s Party ( PPE) , voted unanimously today against the Commission ' s proposal for the amendment of Protocol No 9 to the Act of Accession of Austria , Finland and Sweden regarding the system of ecopoints for heavy goods vehicles transiting through Austria , an amendment which would advance the expiry date of the so-called 108 % clause whereby a ceiling is imposed on the number of journeys and which would not replace the clause with another form of restriction .
( DE ) The FPÖ members voted for the enlargement report on the Czech Republic .
Finally , I should like to underline that although Cyprus does have legislation to combat trafficking in women and domestic violence , progress is still required in both these areas .
Countless young people have waited all summer for this first session of the European Parliament .
What would have happened if these appalling events at a summit had taken place in Austria a year ago ?
This is the case anyway , so we do not need any directives on cybercrime .
In other words , we are quite used to having a largely paper-based currency , so my question is this : do you think it is likely that we will ultimately have one or two euro notes as well , given that the five euro note is currently the smallest denomination ?
Countries which have an existing opt-in system can continue with this as an "add-on " to the minimum standard .
Then we should start thinking about principles .
Finally , I should like to say that a separation of powers is also important .
Since you chose to do it anyway , your sentence will be increased .
I would ask you to bear this in mind when voting .
The Charter further laid down , in addition to other important things , a triad of significance to EU citizens which is echoed in the three reports before us : petitions , the Ombudsman and good administration .
