The Union for a Europe of Nations Group can only be delighted at the good results achieved by OLAF during 2000 and , moreover , hopes that such actions can bear even more fruit in the coming years .
Madam President , I voted against Mr Fiori' s report .
What future life will our children and our children ' s children have ?
Therefore , on this occasion , we call for investment in research and experimentation on stem cells taken from individuals after birth .
There is no point in trying to put everything under one roof .
Are we all thieves ?
Madam President , please would you examine this book and instigate legal proceedings for libel against Mario Giordano , who , it pains me to admit , is Italian .
Therefore , when Parliament points out that the site chosen for the Authority should have a longstanding tradition in food safety and food safety research in general , this is clearly a criterion whose importance must be stressed .
There are still a number of gaps as regards the procedures .
Madam President , Commissioner Liikanen , the new regulatory framework for telecommunications replaces the Community system which opened up the national markets in Europe and brought the era of monopolies to a close .
In view of the flexibility of the new model , which very prudently extends the scope of intervention of the international regulatory authorities , the main thrust of the new regulatory framework must be the need to guarantee the supervisory power that the Commission has laid down in respect of the national authorities , in order to ensure correct interpretation of the new framework and thereby avoid distortion of the competitiveness of the European market between geographical areas .
The market wants the development of a pan-European telecommunications market , whereas the short-sightedness of the national authorities often tends to slow down that process of development in this phase ; that is why I tabled this amendment which , I hope , will be taken into due consideration by the Belgian Presidency , the Council , the Commission and this House .
That is why the Italian Radicals will support Mr Brunetta ' s amendment .
Although not the final solution , it could be an appropriate path to take .
In less than twelve months , it will be possible to conclude the negotiations with the candidate countries that have satisfied the criteria set for enlargement , which will mean that the Union will be able to welcome up to ten new Member States before the next European elections .
Firstly , the Commission 's right of initiative must be safeguarded , as it is one of the pillars of the Community structure and the guarantor of its integrity .
However , I want to point out that we listened very carefully to the views many of you expressed in this Chamber on 13 February .
The two key dates for this political dialogue will be in February , when I will come to present to you the political priorities approved by the Commission for 2003 , and November , when I will come to set out to you the work programme the Commission has adopted on the basis of these priorities .
Looking ahead to 2002 , to give you a clearer picture of our tasks for the coming year , I am also sure that you will allow me to present the seven priorities indicated by the Commission in its work programme for 2002 by grouping them under four key headings .
The programme for 2002 will not depart from this objective .
We must , however , consider the need to improve the coordination of the budgetary policies of the countries in the euro zone .
The Commission ' s work programme for 2002 confirms this line of action .
The cost of the failure to deliver on Europe , which we could call the failure to deliver on Lisbon , is rapidly becoming intolerable .
One currency , one financial market and one economic policy , this must be our objective .
We still have before us , as I am only too aware , further stages in the negotiations that will be extremely sensitive - I need only mention the chapters on the Structural Funds or agriculture - but over the next twelve months , to those countries whose efforts have brought them to a state of readiness , the door will , at last , open , allowing them to join before the next elections to this House .
It will bring an increase in growth not only for the new Member States but also for the Fifteen .
However , it must not lead to paralysis of the Union .
I warmly welcome this development because I am firmly convinced that this is the right path to take if we are to build the new , more democratic , more transparent Europe .
What the Convention should , in my view , produce is a coherent text , underpinned by its own logic , not a mere shopping list ; a text adopted by consensus , which therefore does not seek unanimity at any price and which , to avoid scaling down its essential ambitions , voices minority views where necessary ; a simpler , more easily readable text which clearly sets out not only the principles guiding our action - and the Charter of Fundamental Rights should be at the heart of those principles - but also the goals to which we are aspiring ; a text which makes the way in which the European public authorities work more transparent , that is which gives a clear description of both the institutions and the instruments necessary for achieving the objectives they are assigned ; and lastly , a text that is capable of evolving and is therefore , to this end , a combination of a set