humorous American TV series about the police .
In the Netherlands , the police are trained in the de-escalation of conflicts and in repressive tolerance whereby the existence of subcultures and ethnic minorities , the organisation of political protest and the use of churches as ports of refuge for illegal immigrants are seen as normal social phenomena .
Often , couples go their separate ways in a civilised manner .
Mrs Banotti has tried to make creative use of all the possibilities for securing effective arrangements for parental access on a cross-border basis too .
Three years ago , in Kyoto , the United States wanted to use Russia as a means of getting round having to take any measures in their own country .
Every citizen of the world has an equal right to CO2-emission , i .e . the Americans do not have the right to emit 200 times as much as the Africans .
If this global warming continues , then part of the territory of the EU Member States will become sea or desert .
We will still need to find a compromise of this kind at the follow-up conference due to take place in May 2001 , in Bonn .
Finally , the Third World is only in the very early stages of industrialisation .
As I see it , the fact that no agreement was reached was ultimately down to the intransigence of the European Union .
Some people value the European Union ' s stance because they stuck to their guns .
Climate change has a huge impact on the developing countries .
Behind all the fine words lurks political impotence .
Secondly , how do you intend to proceed in the coming months ?
Elections have just taken place in Romania , and we have been shocked at the outcome and the rise of a very extremist party .
That is what the people actually want to see .
In view of the extent to which public confidence has been undermined with regard to the euro , people need to see that we are taking steps forward .
We will assess the outcome of Nice on the basis of whether it leads to enhanced effectiveness , and efficiency , greater democracy and transparency , and that is what is on the agenda .
If majority voting does not become the general rule then decision-making will become irretrievably deadlocked , as Mr Prodi rightly commented a moment ago .
The Charter does not deserve to be left in a vacuum , with no clear status .
It has frequently come to our notice of late that this political cooperation is totally absent .
Just what are we supposed to tell our citizens ?
Our European project must not be allowed to trip up in this way .
I hope they actually do what Elmar Brok has advised them to do .
To hear Mr Bonde talk , the Balkans is his ultimate ideal .
A new dimension is being added to the common foreign and security policy .
The impression is sometimes given that the future of the CFSP stands or falls with the establishment of an autonomous military capacity .
We want to strengthen this capacity .
The key to the European Union is its civilian basis and that is what we want to see clearly brought out in the Union ' s foreign policy .
The second section I would like to come back to is the military section .
Quite simply : where , when and how is this European intervention force expected to take action in the future ?
Incidentally , this brutal Iraqi autocrat is advocating a massive Arab attack on the State of Israel , indeed worse still , a full-blown Jihad , a Holy War .
An initiative to this effect would certainly lend credibility to the CFSP of the European Union .
Again , I readily support any efforts to take preventive action in order to avoid war and all kinds of violence , but , of course , we must not twist the facts .
Ideally , these two should be fused into one person .
There are some sound comments on this in the report , and I believe that we should follow Mrs Lalumière ' s example and give preference to financing it via the Community budget , then it will be apportioned fairly from the outset and we will also have control over it .
( Applause from Mr Kinnock ) Six months after the Commission set out its plans in a White Paper , Parliament is ready to give its opinion .
So I think the Commission had better take them seriously .
It is also an important day for Commission reform because the Commission today adopted a number of proposals which I believe will be the key to restoring the confidence of the people of Europe in our institutions .
Third , the Commission has adopted a proposal for an advisory group on standards in public life to be set up by inter-institutional agreement .
The Commission may have perfectly good reasons for not doing so , but we would like to know what they are .
This process of transformation is necessary to be able to truly serve God and cannot be enforced by rules .
In view of its limited budget , the Commission will have to make choices in its task package .
Issues such as the BSE crisis , oil prices , and the greenhouse effect have a distinctly European dimension .
That being the case , Commissioner Kinnock ' s proposed transition to efficiency and supervised management and budget deserves all the support it can get .
Now is the time to close the chapter on fraud , bureaucracy and the fall of the Commission once and for all .
We want to work towards a culture of greater accountability