.
All of you who are sitting here were elected under the Treaty of Nice .
But we cannot say that we did not adopt a European economic recovery plan , and that was the maximum that our Member States accepted .
No one is being more ambitious than we are , so of course I would expect at least a word of recognition in terms of the work done by this Commission , together with our Member States , to put forward ambitious proposals .
( Applause ) Ladies and gentlemen , the Conference of Presidents has voted to place the election - the appointment - of the President of the Commission on Wednesday 's agenda .
Firstly , I do not understand Mr Cohn-Bendit : he should have already asked for the election of the European Parliament to be postponed until such time as we had the Treaty of Lisbon .
Approval of the nomination of Mr Karel De Gucht as member of the European Commission ( Voting time Explanations of vote Written explanations of vote I voted in favour of the European Parliament resolution approving the nomination of Mr Algirdas Šemeta as a member of the European Commission .
Indeed , pursuant to Article 215( 3 ) of the Treaty establishing the European Community , which lays down the rules in the event of a commissioner resigning , it is the Council which , acting by qualified majority , appoints the substitute commissioner .
You spoke of a consensus but , Commissioner , I would remind you that , for some months now , certain industrial sectors - including car manufacturers and workers ' unions , which support them - have been warning you of the possible tragic consequences of this agreement .
The free trade agreement ( FTA ) between the European Union and South Korea , which should be concluded by mid-October , raises a number of concerns among European industries .
The countries of Africa have thus received only 1.6 % of the loans granted by the IMF since the last G20 meeting in London and the increase in the IMF 's resources .
All the social sectors of poor countries are going to find themselves faced with a sharp rise in social needs , in particular , and in needs for services , and with a very significant fall in growth .
The countries of the South lose USD 1 000 billion each year in funds transferred illegally to the North , USD 350 billion of which pass through tax have ns .
Between the joint decision on the multiannual financial framework taken in May 2006 and now , there has been the financial crisis , the very strong pressures on the price of energy , raw materials and even foodstuffs , and the negotiations on climate change .
That said , it is true that new initiatives will be necessary given the scale of the illegal migratory flows .
I know , Mr Billström , that this programme is close to your heart .
We are also busy preparing a proposal that will allow changes to the regulation establishing the Frontex agency and its working methods .
I shall not repeat what I said just now , that is , the three major themes of this policy , a common asylum system in line with our humanitarian traditions , more effective control of illegal immigration through more integrated management of our internal borders and our visa policy , and then , of course , the increased effectiveness of our fight against human trafficking and the implementation of a specific return policy aimed at the long-term reintegration of migrants into their community of origin , as well as the opening up to legal migration within a framework that guarantees that the needs of host countries are accommodated , without forgetting the needs of countries of origin or respect for the rights of migrants .
You should also refer to the right of any person to leave any country , and to the obligation placed on everyone to help others , whoever they may be .
In short , we are ensuring that this duty of protection is upheld .
We believe in these values .
I consider it unacceptable to mix together in the same vote the appropriations to promote the bluetongue vaccination and the Europol and Eurojust appropriations .
Corrections to votes and voting intentions : see Minutes ( The sitting was suspended at 11.20 and resumed at 11.35 ) Inaugural address by the President of the European Parliament Mr President , Presidents of the European institutions , Mr Buzek , my group fully subscribes to your programme for Parliament and the running of Parliament over the next five years .
Ladies and gentlemen , the workings of the European Union are difficult to explain to Europeans .
We must rise to this challenge together because , if we do not do so together , Europe is in danger of being marginalised .
I believe that , now we have consolidated this Europe , we have the conditions in place for a new ambition : a new social ambition , because there is a crisis and unemployment is the main problem facing Europeans ; a new ambition regarding the fight against climate change , an area in which we already play a leading role ; and a new ambition in terms of the way we deal with globalisation .
Yes , I agree with those of you who said that coordination is not enough .
I want Europe to keep its world leadership in financial services .
I also highlighted gender equality and the need to eliminate the gender pay gap , so I now commit myself to working with you on a Women 's Charter , also as a way of commemorating the 15th anniversary of the Beijing Conference in 2010 .
