In the opinion of our Group , this technique is to be condemned because it involves the combination of urgent actions with reforms requiring lengthy consideration .
I myself am one of them .
The fund does not call for the creation of a new administrative structure but calls for it to be integrated into the European Investment Fund , whose aim is to offer banking guarantees .
Unfortunately , the Ariane Programme has got lost in the labyrinths and we have been waiting for months and months for a solution even though this is about a subject as important as the culture of books and the ways of making it easier to read European authors in different European languages , the languages of European citizens .
I think that books deserve more support and that it would be very positive if we approved the amendment which has been tabled to increase the budget for the whole European Union to 5.25 MECU.
My second point is this : what lies behind the Council 's moves to fight over the question of committees and to slash Raphael 's budget to a token , not to say shameful , amount ?
Then let them say that too .
Fostering tourism - as we said in the first amendment tabled by the Committee on Culture - not only means sharing our heritage and cultural and artistic knowledge , but also means creating new jobs in these cultural and artistic areas of interest .
Indeed , the reality is that citizens of the various Member States do not feel themselves to be European citizens .
This amendment has already been accepted by the Committee on Budgets .
But what is important here is the institutional position and , as draftsman , I am fully behind the support which the European Parliament has always given to the peace programme and complained when the Council unilaterally decided to increase it from 200 million ECU to 300 and yet it was the Council itself which refused to meet the extra 100 million ECU funds .
But I should like to explain to you what this austerity and rigour consists of : first of all , a 1 billion ECU cut to the EAGGF-Guarantee Fund ( with the extremely rigorous exception of beef and veal COMs and 'mad cows ' ) .
To summarise , what has happened is a 1 billion ECU cut to the Structural Fund , representing 0, 01 % of Community GDP.
However , I must say , Commissioner , that we would have liked a much more practical response , especially concerning proposals for Commission activity to restore legality in the cases where pilots ' licences have not been recognised and about whether the regulation in force is sufficient or whether any supplementary regulation is needed on this matter , given that this is a subject of great importance and covers the much wider area of whether we can decide who holds powers in terms of air transport .
Does the Commission think that it can guarantee the plan 's success bearing in mind that , although there are only few nets left , its control - as the Commission itself has claimed - would actually be quite difficult ?
Perhaps the message that goes out to the citizens tonight should stress the importance of this epidemic monitoring network because unfortunately there is a vacuum here and a need to fill it that we face today and every day .
It leads to escalating costs in other sectors : saving here means much higher expenditure elsewhere .
Another fundamental requirement is establishing coordination at local , regional , national and Community levels and we must draw up a common external health convention linked to the single frontier convention .
Or to take another example , I have contributed to a paper on public health which is going to be published this year .
That is why we support Mr Poggiolini 's report and agree that the Commission should have the necessary capacity to be able to influence the situation favourably .
Water is a scarce commodity .
Great commitment is also needed from all those involved - large consumers like agriculture , industry , tourism and cities - and local authorities have major responsibilities here too because town and country planning must take this limiting factor very much into account .
We believe that prevention , protection of resources and halting the deterioration in the quality of water , as well as repairing the damage , are priority issues for the European Union 's water policies .
Tying the hands of the Union in the fight against poverty and social marginalization would be intolerable , particularly in this World Year for the Eradication of Poverty .
Mr President , at a time when our citizens are apprehensive about the future , it is our duty to remember always that peace and prosperity in our Union require a daily search for the greatest common advantage , and that will not be achieved without a strong , democratic and respected Parliament .
Here , Mr President , may I congratulate the members of the French delegation and the various parties on the very dignified and unequivocal attitude maintained by the French President , Mr Chirac , in Israel and Jerusalem yesterday .
It needs to have a united political presence .
Madam President , I think we should also thank the Minister and the Commissioner for their sensitivity about International Poverty Day , because the Minister is right .
It seems to us that the cuts proposed by the Council in the budgets for the coming year and the cuts proposed by the individual countries to meet the convergence criteria are producing definite social data proving that we are not going in the right direction .
The Council of Ministers should work in coordination with the Commission and needs to be aware that at