What is unacceptable to us , however , is that the Stability and Growth Pact should be adapted to please a few governments .
Finally , I applaud the fact that the Council and Commission now appear to be willing to be more flexible in their interpretation of the Stability Pact .
As far as content is concerned , clearly , my group is positive about the direction that the Commission document is taking .
As you know , in the United Kingdom , of all places , a country outside the eurozone , a very strong appeal is being made to draw the distinction between current budget spending and investment spending .
There is still a need for unambiguous sanctions .
The Pact’s strength lies in its simplicity .
The Commission should have more powerful means at its disposal to force Member States to adhere to the terms of the Pact .
First of all , I should like to say that Mr Leinen’s words are very much my own sentiments , especially when he points at the enormous importance , after the steps we have now taken and will be taking on 29 October when we will be signing the Treaty , of carrying on with the same fervour , because we are not there yet .
Mr Leinen is absolutely right in saying this , and a very important next step is to be taken in connection with the ratification and the referendums which will be held in a number of countries .
It follows that from this position , we will be able to keep a finger on the pulse over the next few months .
Perhaps I can finish off with Mr Leinen’s remark about the anxiety level , which may be rising here and there nationally with regard to public opinion .
Mr Corbett , Mr Vigo , Mr Stubb and many others have pointed out that there is , of course , a joint responsibility for the success of the process after 29 October when the ratification is signed .     .
Many fine words have been spoken about how good it would be to have these referendums take place at a symbolic moment within a limited timeframe .
This could be connected to all kinds of things , including other elections , or other current issues , in the country in question .
Simply consider the enormous widening of responsibilities of this House ; finally , it is a fully-fledged European Parliament .
I am also looking in the direction of the Commission , because it had already hinted at this fact , with good reason .
What is helpful in that connection is the fact that your previous President , Mr Pat Cox , was prepared to act as moderator during this meeting .
Mr President , I regret to say , on behalf of the Council , that I cannot dispel Mrs Ludford’s sense of disappointment , but I do hope that I have clearly expressed our concern and that I have stated that we , where we are able to do so , are discharging our responsibilities and taking the action described in my first intervention .     Mr President , the Council is not aware of the practice of caging , as described in this question , being carried out in any Member State .
At Thessaloniki , in June 2003 , the European Union again promised its strong support for the efforts to consolidate democracy and stability in the Western Balkans and undertook to promote their economic development and regional cooperation .
The Council regularly puts climate change and climate issues on the agenda , thereby stressing time and time again the particular importance of the prompt implementation of the Kyoto Protocol .
The question also indicates the importance of dealing with the public and with the problems that they see themselves as having most to contend with .
Both are working closely together to promote respect for human rights in the countries belonging to the United Nations .
The EU’s development policy is framed by poverty reduction , the Millennium Development Goals and agreements on development funding .
That is what was said by the majority in this Parliament , as indeed it is what is said by ‘Women on Waves’.Portugal , however , has refused to allow the ship access to the port , which is bizarre . ‘Women on Waves ’ is not engaging in illegal activities in Portuguese waters ; what it is doing is providing information about a topic which is not to the government’s liking .
They take place in the privacy of the ship in the spirit of dialogue and respect , so the government’s tough response is unfounded .
Attempts are being made to change the law in Portugal , but in a democratic culture , this is hardly the way to persuade another country to do this .
We must enter into a debate with each other about this .
Although the ship has now left Portugal , ‘Women on Waves ’ has indicated its intention of returning in time for the forthcoming elections in Portugal .
That is quite different from providing a service , and in doing so , this organisation is showing its true colours .
Article 28 of Community law stipulates that there should be free movement of goods and services .
In that light , the Portuguese Government’s blocking of information and debate is incomprehensible , and , as far as I am concerned , a disgrace for democracy .
In order to limit the environmental damage , to pay for the costs of pollution caused by aviation and protect other modes of transport , normal taxes should be imposed on air traffic .
That is why any decision taken at world level and leading to the maintenance of the ban on