trust and confidence of the people .
If the Union loses public support then it loses its very legitimacy .
.
The votes of Conservative MEPs today reflect our view that Britain should be in a Europe that does less and does it better , not run by a Europe that does more , worse .
There were two types of EU reform on offer to MEPs today .
A Conservative response to the White Paper on Commission Reform would enable the EU to do less and to do it better .
The resolution on the Nice Summit is the blueprint for the EU to do more , worse .
The reforms proposed by Malcolm Harbour MEP on the White Paper are common sense reforms .
British people want reform of the EU to make it more accountable and more efficient .
Conservatives in the European Parliament have consistently argued for these reforms .
On the other hand , the so-called reforms proposed by the Nice Summit resolution make little sense to anyone in the world beyond Brussels .
They will make the EU more complicated and further removed from ordinary people .
They do nothing to help enlargement , such as overhauling the CAP.
This is the agenda Labour and the Lib Dems support .
.
There is much that the British Conservative group can support in this report , in particular the emphasis on enlargement of the Union .
However there are a number of specific elements which we cannot support , for example : that the Commission should assume the responsibility for security policy and defence by taking over the role of the High Representative for CFSP ( Paragraphs 65,66,68 ) that Commission delegations should take on the role of "EU embassies " and coordinate the work of Member State embassies ( Paragraph 74) the support for an autonomous security and defence policy outside of NATO ( Paragraphs 11-15 ) the suggestion of EU military adventures in Asia ( Paragraph 38 ) Lalumière report ( A5-0339/2000 )
The British Conservatives have serious reservations about the whole concept of an EU defence policy autonomous from NATO , and cannot therefore support this report .
Furthermore , there are many paragraphs to which we have specific objections , e.g. : · The suggestion that defence should become a Community responsibility with the Council ' s " Mr CFSP" role being taken over by a Commission Vice-President ( Paragraphs 4 and 44 ) . · That military operations should be funded from a Community budget line and that Member States would have to contribute funds to operations even if they did not wish to participate ( Paragraphs 49 and 50 ) . · The proposal for establishment of a centralised European Security College ( Paragraph 78 ) . · The idea that Community funds should be used to finance information initiatives on CESDP both within the Union and in foreign capitals ( in particular the USA ) ( Paragraphs 75 and 79 ) . · Suggestions for creation of a " European police force " ( Paragraph L) · The contradiction between the idea of the EU guaranteeing the external borders of the Union as an aspect of CFSP ( Paragraph D) and acknowledgement of NATO' s responsibility for collective defence ( Paragraph C ) .
.
I support this report from my colleague Maj-Britt Theorin .
As she points out , sexual violence and mass rapes of women are used systematically during conflicts as weapons of war .
I back her calls to the Member States to take all necessary steps to amend Article 75 of the Fourth Geneva Protocol to define rape , forced impregnation and sexual slavery as war crimes ; I also support her call for the ratification of the Treaty of Rome on the International Criminal Court .
The rapporteur also deserves support for her calls on the Commission and the Member States to take account of gender differences in the organisation of EU-funded refugee camps and in their asylum and immigration policy , by for example , granting asylum to women who have been raped during an armed conflict .
Mrs Smet is right to draw attention to the vulnerable position of domestic helpers in the black economy .
She is calling for a European definition of "domestic work " to be drafted and for Member States to draw up and regularly update statistics on undeclared work .
She wants this type of work to be recognised as an occupation in its own right and is calling for European rules to be established on the rights of these workers - at present the situation varies from country to country .
The needs of domestic workers should be considered when employment legislation is being drafted .
The need for all Member States to introduce the principle of declaring all employment relationships is stressed and both employers and employees should be made aware of their rights under their employment relationship .
Finally , she wants Member States to link the issuing of visas for domestic employees working for diplomats to be linked to a guaranteed minimum level of working conditions .
This report merits careful consideration .
.
British Conservative Members will vote against the report because of the well-rehearsed opposition to the extension of QMV and proposed incorporation of the blanket of fundamental rights into the Treaty .
Concerning enhanced cooperation , they support the initiative as it is compatible with the view that greater flexibility be introduced into the operation of the EU.
Conservatives also support the statement in Paragraph 7 of the report that democratic control be ensured and that the three pillar system be enabled to work .
The notion that Parliament ' s assent be required to authorise the procedure would only be necessary if the existing unanimity rule in the Council were to be waived .
Sauquillo Pérez del Arco report ( A5-0337/2000 )
