listed among the offences on the 'positive ' list .
In our opinion , terrorism or the trafficking of human beings , to give just two examples , cannot be placed on the same level as counterfeiting or forgery .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , it is very difficult to talk about such sensitive issues when there is so little time available but I would like to confirm that , contrary to what many speakers have said , we have increased protection following 11 September and drawn up a raft of measures which include those we are debating this evening .
I do not feel this is fair .
Well then , the instruments that the Council is about to adopt now , particularly the European arrest warrant , are the answer to these objections .
We are not opposing the association agreement ; we are just calling for its adoption to be deferred because association agreements , in particular , contain a very tough human rights clause .
Quite the opposite , rapporteur : I feel that we are just a little more realistic in our approach .
You do not have time to wait ?
As often happens with day-after prophecies , voices are now being raised in alarm , unanimously expressing the most indignant condemnation and concern .
As people became aware of this , a need was felt to set up discussion groups to keep an eye on the ethical , social and legal implications of the new research programmes .
Using our knowledge of the genome as a starting point , clinical experiments are then required .
Thirdly , the doors opened by our knowledge of the genome lay us open to a serious risk that our privacy will be violated as a result of this very knowledge .
We must be able to ensure that information derived from the knowledge of our genetic make-up cannot reach operators other than those who will use it for our own good .
Science , instead of being a means to create a fairer world , will have helped to widen the gap between rich and poor and will have become yet one more instrument of social division .
I believe we should favour this option since , as well as being promising , it does not involve any kind of ethical or social conflict .
The motion for a resolution , presented by the rapporteur in committee , was , in its turn , a balanced synthesis of the conclusions that could be drawn from our inquiries .
This programme prioritises the research needed in this field , funding especially those projects dealing with adult stem cells and embryonic cells from abortions or so-called supernumerary embryos , produced for the purposes of in-vitro fertilisation and no longer usable for those purposes , to the extent that the laws of the Member States permit .
Some invoke religious laws in order to get out of the responsibility , which strict secular ethics place on those who are democratically elected , of making choices for the common good .
From this viewpoint , I regret to say , the excellent and instructive work by Mr Fiori has given way to a base text that is the result of the combined provisions of two fundamentalisms that are well rooted in this Parliament , which , like any fundamentalism , would like Europe to stand still while , all around it , the world is moving on .
The position of the European Republicans , the Democrats and the Italy of values thus coincides with the position expressed in the vote on the Caudron report : it rejects human cloning and genetic manipulation but supports the priority funding of research on adult stem cells and embryo stem cells derived from spontaneous and therapeutic abortions , subject to strict public control .
I notice , however , that only EUR 1.215 million is being appropriated for these inspections .
Well then , with regard to the report by Mrs Theato on the financial interests of the European Community , I am sorry but when I read the word 'interest ' I think of the interest that should be paid to pensioners for the late payment of their pensions .
Madam President , I personally voted for the Watson report introducing the European arrest warrant , although I am very concerned at the fact that this report allows those prosecutors that are entitled to use the arrest warrant to do so even for crimes punishable by four months ' imprisonment .
We recently had a glaring example , with serious consequences , of this lack of liaison in communication , intelligence and information activities between the bodies operating in the countries of Europe .
For our part , as Italian Members , we shall still make every effort to persuade our government to change its position and agree to extend the European arrest procedure to all the crimes included in the European Commission ' s proposal and to give up the extradition procedure , which would be a patent violation of the spirit and letter of the commitments unanimously and formally adopted in Ghent and Brussels in the emotional aftermath of the tragic attack on the Twin Towers .
For this to happen , however , there has to be a European criminal code , Madam President , which I have often called for .
I am not happy with the document on the future of the European Union with regard to the Laeken Council , Madam President , even though I voted for it , because it does not say that the European Union should , in future , have the competence to legislate on European pension systems .
All 15 Member States , plus the other 12 that have applied to join the European Union , have pension systems in deficit .
