The request for a permanent regime implies that support to hazelnuts would be covered by that regime .
I think it is worth recalling that clearly we are not dealing with one of the major agricultural or livestock sectors central to the common agricultural policy ( CAP ) .
Production of this crop is hardly mechanised , so it has considerable social significance and an impact on employment .
This would not , however , improve the health of European consumers because the gap left by Community production would be filled by imports from third countries .
Its role should be to extend the aid regime , in a spirit of continuity .
My reasons are that this would entail a high social cost and that no suitable alternative crops have been identified .
The Community Fund financed by deductions from the subsidies has been underused .
It calls for a sizeable workforce on family plots .
I would be grateful for clarification .
In 1998 , we drew up a specific report on the canning industry - for which I had the honour of being rapporteur - but this report provides an update and , furthermore , encompasses the entire industry , including frozen products and the marketing aspects , as well as the products of aquaculture .
Mr President , on behalf of the Socialist Group , I wish to say to Mrs Langenhagen that we fully support her report and that we congratulate her on her excellent work .
One only has to visit these territories , which on the face of it seem to be paradises , but which have a host of economic and social problems , to realise what this means .
In my opinion , however , the most important aspect of this report is its recognition of the fact that the legal base for adopting this type of measure has been Article 299( 2 ) of the Treaty , acknowledged at the Amsterdam Summit .
Mr Maat , the Socialist Group will be voting against Amendment No 2 and I hope the Commission will do the same , because the fees that should be paid by shipowners whose boats fish under this agreement cannot be different to those paid under other agreements unless we take Greenland as an example , where the shipowners pay not a penny of fees .
Today , Mr President , this Parliament must raise its voice once again to condemn all the murders , including the recent murder of senator Marta Catalina Daniels , all the violations of human rights in Colombia and to demand that FARC releases all the people it has kidnapped , including the Presidential candidate Ingrid Betancourt .
Nevertheless , we are optimists and must have faith and hope in the way of negotiation and of dialogue and in respect for tolerance , in order to achieve peace in Colombia once and for all .
During this extension phase , FARC launched a campaign of kidnappings and murders , which culminated in the murder of Senator Daniels and the kidnapping of a presidential candidate , Mrs Ingrid Betancourt .
I do not know at the moment whether it is possible to add a little trust and calm to the situation , but I would say that the European Union has - where the problem of Colombia is concerned - the advantage of distance and , furthermore , the willingness it has always shown to help Colombia with its exports , for example , in a range of key sectors .
Most were linked to paramilitary groups , followed by guerrillas .
This resolution also condemned the fact that , since 60 % of Colombians live on less than one dollar per day , it is very hard to achieve dialogue , agreements , or peace .
The Commission must deal with the conflict without losing sight of the fact that the United States has acted unilaterally , reneging on the agreement on health and plant-health measures and on the provisions of the World Trade Organisation in general .
For this reason , the resolution states that the unilateral decision of the United States is in breach of World Trade Organisation agreements because , as stated in the resolution , restrictions to trade must be proportional to the risks , non-discriminatory , and must not be imposed without scientific proof .
I wish to correct Mr Jové Peres , who has fallen into the temptation , in passing , of making the Spanish Government out to be the villain of the piece .
We then established a strategic goal for the European Union for the coming decade : to transform Europe into the most competitive and most dynamic knowledge-based economy in the world , capable of sustainable economic growth , with more and better jobs , and greater social cohesion .
I would also like to highlight your resolutions on the ratification of the Kyoto Protocol and on sustainable development , and the reports adopted last week regarding the internal market for electricity and gas , and for cross-border trade in electricity .
That is why , as I present to you the results of the recent European Council , I will place equal stress on what has already been achieved , and on what we still need to achieve in the next eight years .
The European Council also asked the Finance Ministers to evaluate the transparency of our accounting , consultancy and auditing regulations .
As you know , it has been decided to open the gas and electricity markets in the year 2004 for all European businesses , which means that approximately 70 % of the European energy market will be open to competition .
Ladies and gentlemen , the second grouping of matters I wanted to refer to , regards the Sustainable Development Strategy that we approved at the Gothenburg European Council .
Throughout