Mr President , what is progress , and what are the perspectives in the Council 's report that we are talking about ?
That , however , is not the Council 's perspective .
Nor do the perspective and the progress talked of by the Council consist of making every possible effort on behalf of asylum seekers and immigrants .
No, the concepts of making progress and adopting perspectives have far more limited meanings .
It is a question of restricting the right of asylum as far as possible , as is stated in the phrase 'stem the tide of refugees ' .
It is about using our repressive systems to take measures against something called illegal immigration .
This takes place in conjunction with a particularly well-developed legal imagination and by means of surveillance , fingerprinting , the Eurodac regulation , the free exchange of personal information and other measures bordering on the methods used by police states .
Ironically , all these measures are described as progress .
As a Danish citizen , I am ashamed to have to acknowledge that my country is a pioneer of this whole short-sighted , callous and xenophobic immigration policy .
Right now , the Danish parliament is also debating a draft law which is striking in the way it clamps down on , for example , asylum procedure so that this can best be characterised as 'administrative harassment ' .
I have to admit that the prospects for further so-called progress under the Danish Presidency are frightening .
Mr President , I too wish to concentrate on the relationship between the EU and what Mr Patten calls the 'super-duper power ? , namely the United States .
The question , then , is what role the EU is to play in relation to the United States .
Are we to be the United States 's puppy or a group of fully paid-up yes-men who cheer the US on whenever it wants us to ?
The second possibility is that we tag along as competitors , and that is what we shall do if we launch ourselves into an arms race or suddenly embark upon an attempt to match the United States 's military capacity .
What we see as primary in the case of the United States is the capacity and need to solve conflicts with the aid of military power .
The EU , on the other hand , has demonstrated an ability to maintain multilateral contacts and so also has the ability to lay the foundation for a more sustainable foreign policy .
Mr Elles ' report does not make for encouraging reading , and I understand that the Commission gave it a mixed reception , but I do not understand the desire to throw all but the first of the EU 's options overboard and turn the EU into the United States 's puppy .
Mr President , what Likud 's resolution in reality does is openly to signal a policy which Sharon has been conducting all the time , namely a policy designed systematically to undermine any hope that a Palestinian state might be set up .
That is the explanation for going in and destroying villages and all the Palestinian structures .
We must therefore take care not to reproach him if the terrorist attacks continue .
If we wish to see a Palestinian state established that resembles other democratic structures as closely as possible , I should like to hear what we in the EU intend to do to ensure that the leaders concerned are able to meet each other .
In the last year and a half , the Palestinian Authority has not had the opportunity to meet physically .
A government that cannot meet will not of course be able to start operating properly .
It will secure recognition for Israel , and that is what Israel has been working towards for very many years .
Dispensing with the rotation system resembles successive French Presidents ' attempts to make their mark on the EU through what was termed a 'directorium ' . Is it the Deputy Secretary-General of the Council , Mr de Boissieu , who is behind this ?
It means that everyone is equal .
Lilliputian Luxembourg has in actual fact had some of the best presidencies .
President Chirac of France 's Treaty of Nice does not do credit to France , and it would scarcely get past the French electorate in the event of a referendum .
The majority of Frenchmen are , in general , more intelligent than France .
On Friday , Mr Smidt was Director-General and was not on the rotations list .
On Monday he was sacked , and the Commission lied directly about the reason .
It requires an independent inquiry , which the Chairman of the Committee on Fisheries has quite correctly requested .
Let us bear in mind the similarities between the countries and share the tasks .
It would be wiser to reduce the number of Councils of Ministers and working parties and focus on the transnational tasks we cannot carry out as effectively in our own countries .
It would make more sense to introduce full transparency in the Council of Ministers when the Council acts as legislator .
In that way , we should all be able to see when officials legislate instead of the elected representatives who have legislative power under the constitutions of all 15 EU countries .
In that way , we could have openness , democracy and proximity to the people instead of secrecy , a lobbying culture and government at a distance .
Mr President , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , I believe we are all aware of the fact that the distribution of these tasks between the Member States is incredibly uneven .
We now see a number of countries which are , as I say , a comfortably