and its rudimentary human , political and cultural rights are repeatedly violated .
Allow me to start by congratulating Mr Marinho on his work and to say that , although we need to support efforts to combat financial crime , we also need to be careful .
Without doubt , the initiative of the French Presidency , on which Mr Marinho has taken a stance , is the right initiative ; however , the same holds true of Mr Marinho ' s attempt to introduce stricter rules .
It says that economic Europe has reached a highly advanced stage .
The rapporteur is quite right in saying - and I too should like to say - that , having opened our borders , albeit for other reasons , to organised criminals , we must also open our borders to the bodies - i .e . the police and the courts - responsible for pursuing them .
However , there are still a great many issues outstanding , even if we accept everything that has been said so far .
These are issues which require institutional changes which , unfortunately , not even Nice will make .
First , the upshot of the proposals under discussion is that they strengthen judicial and police cooperation with a view to creating a single European area of justice with communitised civil and criminal procedures .
In this context , I would like to reiterate the basic conclusion in paragraph 22 that Turkey does not meet the Copenhagen criteria and draw attention both to the fact that Turkey has been condemned on numerous occasions for acts and omissions in relation to human rights , democratic freedoms and its international attitude and to the European Parliament 's recommendations that Turkey comply with the relevant European values .
Mr President , Mr President-in-Office , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the President-in-Office said this morning , this is a highly topical debate because it coincides with the documents presented by the Commission - the report on Turkey 's progress and of course , more importantly , the accession partnership .
Old feuds cannot deny Turkey its place in the life of the Member States of the European Union .
Our rapporteur has identified and brought Turkey 's attention to this common ground in his really excellent report , for which I too wish to thank him .
Democracy is compatible with institutionalised civil functions for the armed forces ; it is not compatible with fundamental military intervention in political life , irrespective of whether or not it is sanctioned constitutionally .
I trust that Turkey will start to take a more serious view of things and understand just what its obligations are .
I should therefore like to turn to the Commissioner and the President-in-Office and ask them , given their level of support for the Morillon report - as they themselves have said -, why they were so lacking in inspiration and loath to include in the accession partnership which they formulated issues such as the Kurds , the Cyprus question and peaceful , non-threatening coexistence with Turkey 's neighbouring countries , issues which have been left out of the basic debate with Turkey .
The enthusiasm with which the resolution welcomes Turkey 's intention to commit military capabilities under the common security and defence policy is in keeping with the general tone of the report .
But we are afraid that , yet again , they are no more than a wish list .
There can likewise be no doubt that any funding which it receives will be used to strengthen its oppressive instruments and encourage the regime to continue with its present policy .
Besides , we fail to recognise the sovereign circles of the European Union as defenders of human rights .
Mr President , the aid which we are discussing is yet another instrument of foreign intervention in this highly sensitive region of Europe .
How do murderers of children and civilians have the gall to give their victims lessons in democracy , the rule of law and human rights ?
That is why they are preparing military and police strike forces .
The Caucasus needs a more extensive plan and more extensive initiatives if it is to be stabilised .
Mr President , I shall start by reiterating the question put by Mr Souladakis , i .e . what sort of initiatives has the European Union taken on this major problem , which has reduced a rich region to this sorry state ?
Hence , my questions are quite specific and are based on the Commission text .
It is the specific problem of the invasion and occupation of a significant part of the territory of a country which is a member of the UN and a candidate for membership of the European Union by another country which is also a member of the UN and also a candidate for membership of the European Union .
If that is the case , you can hardly blame us for seeing the European Union as an imperialist organisation .
You , of course , suspect that I do not agree with that view ; be that as it may , I consider that this sort of judgment constitutes interference in the internal affairs of a country .
Mr President , first we find it unacceptable , as the President-in-Office said , that the Greek Government has not raised the matter in the Council , despite the justified outcry in Greece .
Thirdly , it does not take account of the fact that NATO 's legal service issued an opinion upholding Greece 's aforementioned rights in accordance with international conventions , even though , under pressure from Turkey , NATO changed its exercise at the last minute .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the Commission should start by applying the Feira conclusions to its proposals .
