We all know that these measures take a certain amount of time to be applied .
The truth is that there have been contradictory reports in respect of the wellbeing of calves , in terms of haemoglobin levels , and in terms of the way in which calves are fed .
As for 'socialisation ' , I am partly in agreement ; taking an approach which I think is one of common sense I have accepted many amendments and am now willing to face the consequences of what I have written .
We only have to look at the recent wave of expulsions of illegal immigrants to conclude that not everything is quite right in the countries which rightly claim to have a commendable human rights record .
This globalisation also calls for global imperatives such as a guarantee of democracy and human rights .
The concept of human rights is the principle which acts as a bulwark to our democracies .
( Parliament adopted the resolution )
But we can now see that none of this has actually happened and there is no certainty that anything like this will happen at any time , as the report states .
I would like to pick out some of the most important points for setting up a specific framework for this fund ; bringing it into the scope of the European Investment Bank , which has a cultural side , in order to create attractive financial conditions for all the partners involved and , an aspect which I particularly welcome , the accent on including small production countries and small projects in the programme .
Heritage is something which cannot be recovered once it has been allowed to die .
How can anyone be so bold as to pretend to safeguard , enhance , defend or disseminate our rich and complex European heritage with such a ridiculous budgetary amount as the one we have been presented with ?
The European Parliament must reject a budgetary allocation which , in the end , is almost offensive , dealing with a matter , a programme and an intention which are so immense and ambitious .
This justifies the main fights which must be undertaken , with more force and urgency each time .
And we are behind him when he asks for ever greater attention to be paid for less favoured groups and regions , including the peripheral and ultra-peripheral regions .
This is intended to facilitate access to new markets and encourage exports , especially by SMEs , which are in particular need of support and qualified training in this stage of the internationalisation of trade , with programmes which are already under way and which cannot be curtailed .
But it is also necessary that we should send a clear message that the European Union is at the same time a space where economic and monetary integration is improved and where cohesion is increased .
These are all tiny amounts in our budget which is within the 1.25 % of GDP percentage admitted by the financial perspective .
We have cut agricultural spending by 1 billion ECU just at a time when even proposals already made show that far larger sums are necessary .
That is what we should do .
On this score , to anyone who says that the fact that this cut does not affect Objective 1 is a positive element - which it is , and one that should be borne in mind , at least by the countries most affected by this objective - I would like to point out two aspects : on one hand , what is basically at stake is a question of principle and not so much - or indeed in particular - a quantitative question ; it is a matter of whether or not the decisions taken in Edinburgh are to be respected.-on the other hand , and from a technical point of view , we must be fully aware that such cut in payments will inevitably be translated , in coming years , into reductions in the authorisations as well .
I would like to emphasise that we did so with serious reservations , which is quite clear from what we said .
In any case , I hope that the Commissioner 's declaration is the way in which the Commission is going to defend European interests at the working group which has since been set up in order to change the NAFO Convention regulations .
Therefore , my Group will certainly not be voting for deletion of Recital 11 , nor sub-paragraphs f ) and g ) of Article 3a .
It is important to protect Europe 's water resources at all costs given the increasing use that man makes of water .
Water policy has to be linked to all of the other policies related to integrated development projects , concerning the environment and regional planning , transport , energy , industry , agriculture and forestry .
First of all , the fact that working out a global and coherent approach might be a complex and lengthy process , which should not prevent the maintenance of criteria and policies , which after all already exist , in respect of water resources .
Even if this is not to their personal taste , politicians have to promote a much more balanced urban network as this is the only way of fighting effectively against this scourge which puts us all to shame - it is the only way of really helping people suffering from poverty .
That is the real issue from a philosophical and political point of view .
Of those actions we should emphasise those which are of trans-national or trans-regional character , which call for cooperation between Member States or regions , which above all require a significant improvement in quality , regularity and transport costs .
There was a time in the past when we were assessing , for example , the plan for Community action for 1993-1995 and looking towards the future and talking about the Philoxenia multiannual programme .
Re-orientating the tourist industry