Mr Haider has actually been in government in the southern province of Carinthia where he has led a racist and xenophobic campaign against the Slovene-speaking minority in that region who are Austrian citizens , where he has attempted to abolish dual language education and where there has been clear discrimination against the Roma and immigrant communities .
Could the Commissioner answer two questions .
Firstly he talked about verification .
Can he tell us how that verification will take place and who will do it ?
Secondly , does he not agree that were the current government , at a national level , to pursue the kind of policies that Mr Haider and the Freedom Party have pursued at regional level , then there clearly would be a breach of Article 6( 1 ) of the Treaty with regard to fundamental freedom and human rights and it would be incumbent upon the Commission to take the necessary action ?
We are not talking about words here .
We are talking about deeds by the Freedom Party and Mr Haider .
Mr President , sadly , the specific case raised by Mrs McKenna is not an isolated one .
There are other examples of conservation in special scientific areas being damaged as a result of EU funding .
Will the Commission consider issuing instructions to all Member States saying that , if in future it discovers that European environmental directives have been breached or proper environmental assessment has not been carried out , it will not only stop future funding but will withdraw the funding already granted , in other words , reclaim the money from the Member States ?
It is only such action which will discourage this practice in the future .
- Additionality is a major issue too in Wales , which I represent .
Just last week it was one of the issues that brought about a vote of no-confidence and the resignation of the First Secretary of the National Assembly of Wales .
As recently as 1991 and 1992 the Commission won a battle with the UK over additionality , at that time linked to the RECHAR funding .
This led to an agreement being signed whereby the UK Government agreed to introduce procedures to ensure that EU spending reached the areas for which is was intended and was actually additional .
And yet we still have these problems in Wales and in Scotland .
Could the Commission look at this particular situation in relation to the agreement that was signed with the UK Government ?
Mr President , I listened with interest to the Commissioner 's reply about the need to apply the laws of the single market .
I wonder whether he can say whether he considers his reply to be compatible with the failure by the Commission to take the French Government to the European Court of Justice on the application of France 's Loi et Vin , which effectively prevents single market rules applying to the sale of alcohol products in France ?
Can we now expect the European Commission to take action against the French Republic before the European Court of Justice ?
Commissioner , do you have any reason , on public health grounds , for a difference in the taxation rates on , for example , Scotch whisky or French Bordeaux wine or even my colleague 's Bavarian beer ?
Can you envisage applying an alcohol - equivalent basis for taxation in Europe ?
Mr President , here we have what is basically a good measure .
It sets out achievable standards based on subsidiarity principles and the water basin management .
Its aim of good-quality water for drinking , for wildlife , the environment and economic purposes is right .
The prevention of pollution and water deterioration has to be right as well as the ability to manage water in times of drought and flood .
We have three outstanding problems .
The first is the transfer of water between basin areas .
That is a matter which affects my colleagues from Spain , Ireland and the United Kingdom .
Amendments Nos 4 . 49 and 87 would not be acceptable because they would restrict the ability of a country to move water from where it is in supply to where it is needed , be that arid areas or urban areas .
Secondly , we have to have realistic targets , but targets nevertheless .
Looking at Amendment No 7 , for example , which calls for the complete elimination of naturally occurring substances , you can see that some of the targets set are unrealistic .
Also , some of the targets which are set at close to zero - in English , that is quite a meaningless term .
We need to look very carefully at those .
The concept of continuing reduction as in Amendment No 58 is much better .
Thirdly , I raise the problem faced by Scotch whisky .
Scotch whisky - especially malt whisky , which is the best - requires water extraction which is used in some quantity and then returned to the water stream .
Some of it ends up in the bottle and is drunk .
We must make sure that Amendments Nos 49 and 87 leave the deletion exemption so that whisky can continue to be drunk in "high quality " , which means it must use good , Scottish peat water .
That is my third request - that we look carefully at these measures before passing this measure as a whole .
Mr President , in my previous life I ran two manufacturing businesses , one in the United Kingdom and one in the Netherlands .
As the UK business grew , we invested in more people , as the Dutch business grew we invested in more machinery .
The simple reason for this was that social costs in the Netherlands were just too high in comparison .
I am in favour