it has been signed , the presidency will report to the European Parliament on the results of the negotiations .
I think that the European Union has every reason to defend what it considers are basic rights and it will do so with every partner and every country , especially the United States , with which we share common values and common objectives .
Thus , as the honourable lady Member said , I agree that it would be a good idea if the candidate countries and other neighbouring countries , including Russia , could apply the same principles as are in force in the European Union .
The Council also supports the Commission in its efforts to investigate the potential for technical cooperation programmes to assist neighbouring countries - in particular the applicant countries , Russia and within the EURO-MED framework - in their efforts to increase maritime safety and pollution prevention , including the effective application of adequate port state control procedures .
I understand the conditions that prevail in the Baltic Sea and the freezing conditions she referred to .
First , I am sure that the Council and the Commission are evaluating similar legislation in other countries , so that they can decide what is best and what should be encouraged at international level .
In reply to your second question , as I said earlier , the European Union cannot solve this problem alone .
I have a feeling , unless I am mistaken , that this matter is already being discussed by the Commission and Russia and has on occasion appeared on the agenda of various Troika meetings with Russia .
The Council takes account of Parliament 's resolutions and endorses most of the principles contained in them .
The Commission may take the initiative and propose special measures for ships sailing under so-called flags of convenience .
In addition , under the port state directive , which must enter into force by 22 July 2003 and which forms part of the Erika I package , Member States may refuse port access to various categories of ships flying the flag of a country on the black list published in the annual report of the Memorandum of Understanding which have already been detained in the past .
This is one of the priority issues for the Greek Presidency over coming months .
I merely think that the two need to go hand in hand and we expect and will support proposals at the Commission 's initiative .
I agree with the speaker .
The United Kingdom has an extensive coastline .
So we are waiting for initiatives from the Commission and we are prepared to shoulder our responsibility in the Council .
One of these programmes is the Ulysses programme , the purpose of which is to contain illegal immigration by sea to the northern shores of the Mediterranean and the Canary Islands .
Spain , which is heading the operation , informed the Council that the second part of the operation would take place in April 2003 .
However , the Council does not have specific information at this precise moment about the exact date of the operation or its geographical scope .
The aim is to submit this report to the European Council in Thessalonika , which will of course discuss the broader issues of immigration , illegal immigration , border protection and other important matters , such as the social integration of legal immigrants .
What we are trying to do is to see where we can improve our border protection against illegal immigration .
This is a pilot programme and it will need to be evaluated , as will numerous other measures we need to take in connection with other Union policies , such as justice and home affairs , development cooperation and bilateral relations with numerous countries , measures that we trust will also have positive results .
This is a very sensible question and proposal , assuming it is not just a question and I shall make a note of it .
The Council has not yet reached a decision on these issues .
We all discussed the top priority of addressing the question of illegal immigration during the Spanish Presidency and the Greek Presidency 's priorities include both the question of illegal immigration and the integration of legal immigrants .
Rest assured that the Greek Presidency will bear these thoughts in mind in discussions over coming months .
The Council also underlined its determination to support their efforts to move closer to the European Union and welcomed the decision and the priority set by the Greek Presidency to organise a summit on 21 June in Thessalonika .
The Council would also remind you that , of these countries , Croatia submitted an accession request on 21 February 2003 .
It goes without saying , therefore , that the summit in Thessalonika will be another milestone in special relations between the European Union and the western Balkans .
Thank you for your question .
So there is a clear commitment here , subject of course to compliance with requirements , by which I mean the Copenhagen criteria , important reform , good neighbourly relations and regional cooperation .
Of course , a serious debate is still under way and has not reached a conclusion about the borders of the European Union , about how far the Union should extend and which countries should , in fact , be allowed to join .
The Council has not yet answered this question , so I am unable to give you an answer .
Thank you for your question , because I think this issue needs to be clarified .
As I said to the previous speaker , this is a serious problem and a broad dialogue has been opened on the issue ; I think you also mentioned it and it has been discussed at the Convention , but we have not taken any decisions