Secondly , the European Parliament cannot replace the authority of the national parliaments .
The national parliaments are , of course , founded on what we call the principle of national sovereignty - that is , they are the leading legislative institution within the state .
The European Parliament , on the other hand , has been created "from above ' , and its tragedy is that it really lacks a civil foundation .
The Council 's power should also increase , since it , of course , consists of government representatives who have parliamentary accountability in their home countries .
Over 2000 hectares of cultivated land has also been destroyed .
Together with the Greens in Andalusia , the Swedish environmental party demanded that the Boliden company should accept the economic and legal responsibility , compensate the victims and finance the remediation and regeneration of the area .
On 27 February 1996 the company was reported to the Commission , which decided , however , that there was no risk .
Now we must accept collective responsibility !
I believe that we in the EU must beware of formulating too many detailed rules .
This is my principal standpoint .
I feel that the positive aspect of this report is that the railways will be included in the reservation system .
A key question in this report must also be the matter of fares .
I would like to emphasize that the railways must join in and bear their costs in order to be included in the CRS system .
Madam President , in Amendment No 1 the rapporteur suggests that the new inspectors should be sworn in before they are officially licensed .
Moreover , it would make no difference as regards the possibilities of imposing penalties for offences such as incorrect or fraudulent inspection .
This is a problem within human health care , above all in cases where diseases that were previously relatively harmless are today tending to become extremely hard to cure using standard antibiotics .
Then it is possible to forgo the use of antibiotics in animal feed .
We must therefore strive to prevent the routine use of antibiotics - and also other medicinal preparations - in feed either as growth promoters or to prevent disease .
But even if some people think that we do not have sufficient knowledge , the duty of care should be applied in this context , in other words , even the suspicion that this might in the long term lead to difficult human health problems should mean that we now stop using antibiotics in feedingstuffs .
Does the Commission intend to prepare measures to reduce or prohibit the use of in-feed antibiotics within the Union ?
This applies especially to use in animals , but also , of course , to humans .
Nevertheless , reports have been produced , one example being a WHO study in the autumn of 1997 , which highlights four resistant bacteria - among them Salmonella and Coli bacteria - that cause major public health problems .
I have now also read that the British parliament 's agriculture committee has recently presented a report recommending an outright ban on antibiotics in animal feed .
In Sweden such use of antibiotics has been prohibited for the past ten years .
So what have the farmers been forced to do ?
And that is where the whole problem lies : the industrial manner in which we treat animals , the poor housing conditions , the large herds .
Mr President , we in the Socialist group warmly welcome this resolution , even though we feel that it could have been a little stricter .
This has been quite clearly proven from a medical viewpoint .
The precise reasons for this are not known , but one conceivable theory is that it is due to the increased use of antibiotics in young children .
The third reason for not using antibiotics is more speculative , but people have genuinely begun to wonder whether this too could in the long term impact on the genetic structures .
I genuinely believe that this resolution should include a few appreciative words about this wise policy .
I would like to conclude by saying that there is clearly a growing body of opinion within medical science against the use of antibiotics .
Besides discussing the fact that bacteria have become resistant , we might also note that they have , in certain cases , become more aggressive , for example in hospitals .
But the question is , exactly when and how will it be observed ?
The bad news was that Commissioner Fischler once again stated that Finland has unfortunately not produced sufficient evidence .
It is a political decision that is needed .
History is being repeated : we pay general lip service to good animal health and the precautionary principle , but when it comes down to money and legislation this ceases to apply .
We cannot place our trust in a technical classification which states that certain substances can be prohibited and others permitted .
They were , in my view , extremely comprehensive and , on certain points , quite satisfactory .
I am , however , at the same time a little uneasy .
This question needs to be pursued both in Parliament and within the Commission .
For more than three years South Africa &#x02BC ;s democratic government has had to fight against a discriminatory trade policy on the part of the EU.
This is particularly damaging because it is primarily women that are affected , each of whom , by working in this industry , supports 7-8 people .
It will , for example , take at least 20 years to get to grips with the housing shortage .
South Africa has now made further concessions in the negotiations .
Now is the time for