It was then 1983 , and this purely symbolic act was intended as a fraternal gesture , a hand stretched across the Indian Ocean to the man then languishing in the jails of the apartheid regime .
As opposed to what the rapporteur indicated in his presentation of reasons , this agreement is not based on general acceptance of all parties .
( FR ) I am opposed to aid whose only objective is to re-establish a market economy , an economy of exploitation , which means that not one cent will go to the population who will continue to live in the same poverty .
But you did not even have the courage of Emma Tuahepa who herself dared to ask the African Governments what they had done and what they were still doing with the money of the Africans .
In other words , AIDS brings untold misery to countless Africans .
In fact , the Turkish question today highlights the inadequacy of the structures of the Union when faced with enlargement .
The commuting of the death sentence on Mr Öçalan and the formal abolition of the death penalty in Turkey would be welcome further steps .
Public opinion in our countries clearly feels that the liberalisation of trade - in which we hope to enter a new phase - is part of a greater movement , which invites questions and interrogations and in relation to which we must therefore adopt a stance .
Through the new cycle of negotiation , what we are preparing is the multilateral organisation of the world markets of the 21st century , with the firm intention of achieving better balance .
Allow me to expand briefly on these two subjects .
Furthermore , progress in the labelling and traceability of products , indissolubly linked , would serve to better inform the judgement of the consumer .
Does the Union , by means of its own action , offer the governments and citizens of Europe any additional means to adjust successfully and gain control of internationalisation ?
So much for internal policies .
What I observe is that the poor countries are trapped in wretched circumstances and that here we are seeing an increase in unemployment and instability that goes hand in hand with huge profits .
Many people expect the European Union to stand up in these negotiations for the values of cooperation , solidarity and the pre-eminence of human beings , as against financial values and the dictates of the market .
I would however like to say this : unless we are blind and have no idea what is being said and what is happening on the other side of the Atlantic , we cannot help but be struck dumb by the similarity between the terms used by the Commission and the words of President Clinton .
Europe will thereby find its justification .
It is basically as if in Seattle on 30 November the Church of Globology was going to meet .
The proof can be found in what is currently happening in the United States , for example , with regard to GMOs .
Mr President , yesterday we held a debate here on the strengthening of food safety in Europe , while conflicts on the precautionary principle are taking place within the Union and in parallel , the Americans are pursuing unjustified retaliations .
In 1994 , in Marrakech , and in Singapore , in 1996 , we were unable to convince many developing countries of the validity of our concerns because we presented them in the form of a social clause .
It would appear that this long and detailed document is currently under discussion in the Council and between the Council and the Commission .
I do not intend to touch on all the subjects which we have debated , but I would simply like to thank the speakers - or at least most of them - for their support and to reply to some specific points or some of the questions posed by the speakers .
As for the problems of health and education , we do not think , we do not foresee and we do not wish to call into question the public policy objectives in these areas within the proposals on the liberalisation of services in the next round .
It is therefore urgent that the European citizens understand that the increase in resources allocated to the fight against drugs corresponds directly to the increase in the consumption of drugs and that therefore the policies that have been pursued are a complete failure .
Having spent 17 years on death row , Moumia is now at the mercy of an execution order which the Governor of Pennsylvania can legally sign at any time .
The initiatives of recent years have shown the Americans that this is not the case , but I believe that this point should continue to be stressed .
The events in Chernobyl affected our mood for a long time .
Today , they are the fears on the eve of the year 2000 .
( FR ) To drastically reduce the emissions of greenhouse gases in the rich countries is a duty of solidarity towards future generations , but also towards the peoples of the developing countries who will suffer more and more from natural disasters caused by global warming .
Madam President , my group is totally supportive of the interinstitutional agreement of 25 May 1999 on the internal investigations which the anti-fraud office must be able to carry out within the institutions , bodies or agencies of the Communities , including the European Parliament .
This text could quite naturally be included in an Annex to our Rules of Procedure , whilst it would not be necessary for the text on officials to be included .
That text has the force of law .
Today , we can see that