Reading this morning 's Süddeutsche Zeitung , I am not sure that he is .
But one way and another , things were managed away from the summit in a way which offered no chance of a better outcome .
I think it would be helpful , for example , if the Commission would designate some people of high standing to try to solve the whole problem of the Union 's finances and come up with an objective and honest proposal on it .
Perhaps we shall have an opportunity to do that before the end of this parliamentary term , but her contribution should not go unacknowledged .
Our thanks too to the officials who give you such good support .
I have some comments concerning the legal aspect .
Then there is the political aspect .
But the man in the street wants to see some concrete results .
That would be a good thing and something concrete .
Efforts will be made presently to have this incorporated in a new Lomé Convention .
The Committee on Development and Cooperation also quite rightly accuses the Union of being ambivalent .
The rights of minorities continue to be violated in Europe too .
And it is a good thing that the Sakharov prize today has gone to Mr Rugova , because this focuses attention on the unjust situation obtaining in Kosovo and on the people brave enough to denounce it .
Traditionally , we publish a report each year on human rights in which we look at the situation elsewhere in the world and a report in which we look at ourselves , in which we ask how human rights are shaping up within the Union .
That may cause problems , but it is hardly surprising .
Lastly , Mr President , a word of appreciation for all those NGOs which work so hard on these issues - not just Amnesty , the UNHCR as well , and ECRE , and I am no doubt forgetting quite a few more .
I must also tell him that his report is currently the subject of full-page campaigns being mounted by the Belgian League for Human Rights , for example .
My group believes , for example , that prison is not the right place for people picked up just for being in possession of drugs .
Mr President , our colleague Mr Pradier has presented a report which naturally deserves very serious attention , since the subject in question is an important one .
The only amendment which does not mention this is that by Mrs Colombo Svevo and her associates .
These are important issues .
Looking at lobby activities , I simply note that today , for example , an amendment is being discussed on the subject of guarantees for consumer goods and that the amendment was put down by Sotheby 's , no less .
I am happy at the way in which this has been formulated .
I have some reservations about Article 3 , the nub of the legislation , and Article 5 .
We are therefore asking for thought to be given to the consequences which the positions of the Commission , the Council and Parliament may bring .
After all , what good does it do the consumer to have an excessive level of protection , if in the end he probably has to pay for it himself through higher prices ?
Climatological conditions in Dutch and German greenhouses are the same as in the southern Member States , but methyl bromide has not been used in the Netherlands since 1992 and is now banned in Germany as well .
If one should prove necessary , Mr President , then it is something for January when we will certainly be returning to this , but it is not something for now .
I should therefore like yesterday 's Minutes to be corrected and also , in this afternoon 's discussion , we should talk about Xerox , not Rank Xerox .
We discussed this and do not agree with the conclusion , in which it is stated that if paragraph 23 is not adopted along with the discharge for 1996 , if it is rejected , then a motion of censure must be tabled .
A motion of censure is not the right way to express the approval and confidence of Parliament .
We are also convinced that this declaration came after the socialists had collected their signatures .
The Committee on Budgetary Control has not , however , done so .
For me the question remains as to why Saddam Hussein is making things so difficult if he has nothing to hide .
Support the opposition ?
Not to intervene now would not only jeopardise the credibility of the United Nations , but also security in the region .
The people of Moldova must remember the 1992 war and make every effort to prevent renewed bloodshed .
Madam President , doping undermines the body , the mind and sportsmanship .
Madam President , I am not always able to agree with Mr Happart , but I am pleased that I can on this occasion .
By a preventive policy we mean a policy which also thinks pro-actively , that is also aware of likely developments .
We are therefore pleased that attention is being brought to this issue by an international campaign which starts this week in Strasbourg .
Mr President , the situation in Sudan remains hopeless .
The mechanisms for ensuring observance of these embargoes must also be tightened up .
I am therefore very curious to learn how the Commissioner sees the practicalities of this arms embargo and control procedures .
This is why I was so saddened by Mrs Eriksson , who yesterday morning had the brutality to accuse pro-lifers of violating human rights .
Anyone who defames Mohammed in word , writing or illustration can expect the death penalty .
The