The most credit obviously goes to Mrs Pack .
It is excellent that we can now adopt this programme , which is so important for the citizens of Europe .
At the same time , I would like to draw attention to the flaws I observed in the handling of multiannual programmes to be approved by means of the codecision procedure .
This weakens Parliament ' s negotiating position , as agreement on the demands of Parliament for the financial perspectives can be called into question .
Madam President , Members of the European Parliament , I would first like to thank you for giving me the opportunity to come and have discussions with the European Parliament on the most outstanding events of the Finnish Presidency so soon after the Helsinki European Council .
I would like to warmly thank the President of Parliament , Mrs Fontaine , for the views of Parliament that she expressed at the start of the European Council .
The first decision of the European Council in Helsinki was to adopt the Millennium Declaration in the Friday morning session .
The Declaration gives a concise account of the values that underpin the European Union and the challenges and aims of the start of the new millennium .
The first sitting of the European Council concentrated on Union enlargement .
As the Extraordinary European Council meeting in Tampere had been unanimous on the matter , hardly any further debate was needed .
There were no time limits imposed for accession .
In its debate on enlargement , the European Council paid special attention to the importance of good levels of nuclear safety in Central and Eastern Europe .
The European Council expressed its satisfaction with the fact that talks on Cyprus were to begin in New York on 3 December and said that a political solution would facilitate Cyprus ' accession to the Union .
The decision the European Council took to approve candidate status in respect of Turkey can , in my opinion , be considered a historic one .
Relations were reinforced by a letter I wrote , as representative of the country holding the Presidency , to the Turkish Prime Minister , Bülent Ecevit .
The delegation explained the substance of the decision taken at Helsinki to the Turkish Government .
With the decisions of Helsinki , Turkey is to be treated in the same way as the other applicant countries .
But it will not be possible to open accession negotiations with Turkey before she meets the Copenhagen political criteria .
With Turkey we are embarking on a sort of preparatory and advisory phase in a process in which the country ' s progress will be examined with regard to complying with the acquis .
Otherwise they should bring the dispute , within a reasonable period of time , to the International Court of Justice to decide .
The decision to acknowledge Turkey ' s status as a candidate State and closer dialogue between the Union and that country are important for regional stability and for a solution to the Cyprus question .
To persuade Russia of the benefits of a political solution , the European Council issued a separate declaration on the situation in Chechnya and its effects on relations between the European Union and Russia .
Only a political solution can end the crisis in Chechnya .
In these circumstances the European Union and the international community must continue to exert political pressure .
The action Russia has taken is , however , contrary to international humanitarian law and is in violation of the obligations that Russia , as a member of the OSCE and the Council of Europe , agreed to honour regarding human rights .
Discussions on this will start this week .
The Presidency is asking the legal departments of the Commission and the Council to report on the legal aspects of the issue in a Working Group this week .
The year is nearly over .
It was also decided at Helsinki that we should ask for a proportion of TACIS funds to be set aside for humanitarian aid .
I would also like to say here that the Union must not undermine the long-term programme of cooperation we are putting into effect , which we must do to support democratic and stable development in Russia .
The European Council is at the same time asking , in line with the common strategy on Russia , the OSCE and the Council of Europe to examine the shape their strategy on cooperation with Russia takes in their different areas .
We have to discover whether the Council of Europe can intensify efforts relating to Russia in the areas of human rights and civil society .
The aim is not to exclude Russia from the work of the Council of Europe .
We must hope that a realistic attitude will soon take shape in Moscow .
The Intergovernmental Conference will start in February next year and would end in December 2000 .
The General Affairs Council has the overall political responsibility for the IGC.
We are expecting good levels of cooperation with Parliament as the reforms are drafted .
The position of the European Parliament will be strengthened compared to the previous Intergovernmental Conference as two observers from Parliament will be invited to attend the meetings of the preparatory Working Group .
Ladies and gentlemen , the European Council also debated the development of the European common security and defence policy , with particular reference to crisis management .
A common objective was agreed in Helsinki on all the military resources needed for rapid deployment to implement the Petersberg tasks with regard to crisis management .
In the conclusions of the Presidency , it was stated that the first progress report on the document now adopted would be presented at the European Council in Lisbon .
The basics of a healthy economy - good opportunities