, which really need this system for their trade and development .
The request should rather be seen as a message to the Council of Ministers , in which 22 countries adhere to the rules as enshrined in Regulation 1408/71 , and there are three Member States , namely the United Kingdom , Finland and Sweden , that have been unable to support them .
A recent UN report alerted to the possibility of the Treaty’s irreversible erosion , with a cascade of proliferation as a result .
We cannot , therefore , see the Non-Proliferation Treaty in isolation from improving regional security structures in the Middle East and in South and East Asia .
Since the Member States are made up of both nuclear and non-nuclear powers , this may not be so obvious .
While it is , of course , important that negotiations are being held with North Korea and Iran , and that dialogue is still possible , other means might have to be deployed if it transpired that the dialogue were not to yield any concrete or satisfactory results , for states such as North Korea and Iran which are in possession of nuclear weapons , form a threat to world peace .
In the case of Iran , we must also ask ourselves why that country really needs nuclear energy , even for peaceful purposes .
True commitment to non-proliferation and disarmament , however , means that everyone , and thus not only the so-called rogue states , curtail research into , and the development of , weapons of mass destruction .
This would involve the dismantling of the Shiite terror movement Hezbollah , pawn of both Syria and Iran against the Jewish state , as well as the forced departure of dozens of officers of the Iranian revolutionary guard , who train Hezbollah and Palestinian terror groups within Lebanon’s borders .
What Europe can do , apart from expressing its appreciation for the courage displayed by the Lebanese people , is to refrain from concluding an association agreement with Syria until such time as withdrawal is complete and its support for Hezbollah has come to an end .     Mr President , this is the moment of historic hope for the Middle East .
It is high time we had the courage to send a clear message to an organisation which has links with Syria and Iran , which attacks innocent citizens and speaks out in no uncertain terms against the peace process and against Syria’s withdrawal from Lebanon .
In particular , I would like to know whether we could count on your support if we were to launch the idea of working with a positive list when using the country of origin principle , possibly also in terms of the area of application .
Could you explain exactly what you mean ?
As for the software , the quality of legislation must not be made subordinate to the power struggle between the institutions .
In addition , the recent change to the proposal in response to the tsunami disaster deserves our support .
Finally , I should like to argue in favour of regular assessments of the scheme’s impact , both within the EU and on developing countries , since circumstances are subject to almost constant change – something of which what is currently happening in the areas of textiles and sugar provides sufficient evidence .     .
Against that background , Mr Hammerstein Mintz tabled a few amendments to the report by Mr Wieland , which he as rapporteur and the committee as a whole unanimously supported .
In The Hague , we once again managed to prevent the blacklisted representatives of Zimbabwe from attending the meeting .
It is the longest-running conflict in Africa , and , if the information is correct , 2 million people have now been killed and 4 million people are on the run . have , over the past few days , issued a report on the occasion of International Women’s Day in order to bring the issue of rape and violence against women once again to our attention .
I am looking forward to the forthcoming meeting in Mali .     .
The ban that applied during the enquiry has been lifted and the organisation has meanwhile reported an increase in the applications for egg cell imports .
Firstly , the reports from Romania and the United Kingdom are conflicting .
It is clear to me that the trade in egg cells and human embryos should be stopped as quickly as possible .
We appreciate the fact that the Barroso Commission has taken the brave decision to revive and breathe new life into the Lisbon strategy and , on the recommendation of the Kok working party , has opted to give priority to growth and jobs in a balanced social and ecological context .
Reforms need to be carried out now in order to allow for sustainable development in all respects .
Is it socially acceptable to saddle young people today with the burden of our system that has become unaffordable , while they themselves will never be able to enjoy the benefits ?
We should be more critical about the role of the government in the framework of the Lisbon strategy .
It makes last week’s abstention of vote all the more mysterious , but let us simply put it down to progressive insight .
More people in jobs is the best guarantee for social security ’s affordability and for cushioning the rising cost of care , as well as the reform of affordable and lasting pensions .
Finally , I would ask you to consider Parliament’s question about the creation of a legal framework for services of general interest , together with a revised services directive