more detail this afternoon .
The major issue at the European Council meeting will be climate change .
Further debates are needed in some Member States to enable us to make progress in this regard .
The European Council meeting comes at an opportune time , shortly before the negotiation session of the UN Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change in Barcelona and the meeting of the G20 finance ministers in St Andrews .
An important part of the Environment Council 's conclusions will be to clarify the EU 's strategy for a long-term reduction in emissions and to attempt to reach an agreement that may facilitate our decision regarding raising our emissions reduction target from 20 to 30 % compared with 1990 levels .
At the end of September , the Commission tabled its package of legislative proposals .
The Swedish Presidency was also asked by the finance ministers to continue the dialogue with the European Parliament .
I would also like to say a few words about employment in Europe - an issue that I know the European Council will discuss .
A high level of employment is required for sustainable public finances .
It is therefore important for us to continue with the expansive financial policy .
We have prepared a report on the progress made since January .
The European Council will take note of the report .
The Heads of State or Government will approve the Presidency 's conclusions , which are to be adopted at the General Affairs and External Relations Council on Monday .
It is with great satisfaction that the Swedish Presidency can now present the result of this initiative , the inception of which , of course , took place here in the European Parliament .
The Council will welcome the measures that have been taken in the short term - the launch of the pilot project in Malta , for example - as well as the progress made in setting up the European Asylum Support Office .
The Council will be urged to strengthen Frontex and to introduce common rules for Frontex operations at sea .
At the foreign ministers ' meeting next week , the EU will adopt a plan to strengthen our engagement in Afghanistan and Pakistan .
Military solutions alone can never lead to a sustainable solution .
There are common problems as well as regional aspects and , of course , the approach varies between the two countries .
No, I do not think that it will be possible to stop the train either .
During the summit , we will take all the necessary decisions that it is possible to take .
There is a huge amount of responsibility resting on Europe 's shoulders to settle the issue of financing so that we can show that we are taking our share of the global responsibility and can send out the appropriate signals .
In addition , the finance ministers will meet in St Andrews , so there are many opportunities to talk about this .
I am not satisfied with the results so far , but I remain totally optimistic that we will still be able to reach an agreement in Copenhagen .
Even though we are now seeing some positive signs , we still must not forget that we need to have the new supervisory bodies in place so that we can be better equipped to avoid similar crises happening in future and to be able to recognise them in time .
In this regard , the Treaty of Lisbon is an important instrument .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , thank you for your questions and comments .
Many of these issues will be discussed at the summit in ten days ' time .
The view held by the Swedish Presidency and the Council and , I believe , the majority in this Chamber , is that the Treaty of Lisbon will bring Europe closer to the citizens .
I have heard that there is some speculation here , but nevertheless there is still no solution .
I will return to many of the views that have been expressed and other questions relating to the Treaty of Lisbon .
Intensive discussions are being held right now on how we can support the election that is to take place on 7 November .
We will not manage this by the end of the year , partly because we need the Treaty of Lisbon to enter into force first .
They also concern solidarity and reception systems .
We often say to our Turkish friends that they must ratify and implement the Ankara Protocol .
This issue will not be discussed at this summit , but we will discuss enlargement later in the autumn , with a possible decision being taken in December .
Under the present Treaty , it would be possible to change this in 2014 .
As soon as the Treaty is in place , we will begin preparations for this .
I hope that the preparations get underway as soon as possible .
We will do our utmost to make it possible to take decisions on European funding at the European Council meeting , based both on the European contribution and on our contribution in relation to the developing countries , thereby allowing us to send out a strong signal and to give the international negotiations a boost to make them as successful as possible in Copenhagen .
I read with great interest and a strong sense of involvement the report tabled by Mr Brok and approved on Monday in the Committee on Constitutional Affairs .
It is therefore important that we give the External Action Service as good a start as possible .
During this work , the European Parliament will , of course , be consulted in connection with the tabling of the proposal by the High Representative .
