In the vote on the three reports on nuclear energy , I opted for what I consider to be the most prudent political line for those who , like me , are in favour of this energy source , provided that the highest levels of safety are maintained .
I too therefore voted in favour of these proposals .     .
Like all European citizens , I am concerned about the safety of installations – especially following the socio-political changes in Eastern Europe after November 1989 – and about current decommissioning programmes .
I therefore endorse the need , already highlighted by various European Councils , to ensure the sustainability and redistribution of agriculture throughout Europe and to maintain not only the picture postcard image of the rural landscape , but also the vitality of the countryside as a whole .
We speak a great deal about bringing Europe ‘closer to the citizens’ , whereas in reality it remains distant from them .
This role of ‘ex-ante’ political scrutiny played by Parliament would be the natural complement to the ‘ex-post ’ political scrutiny , in the form of the discharge for the implementation of the budget .     Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , in view of the critical situation facing the tuna fishing industry , the European Parliament has decided to proceed with an own-initiative report in order to protect both the EU fleet and the tuna processing industry .
The report thus begins by focussing on two fundamental problems facing the tuna fishing sector : the loss of competitiveness of the fleet and of the industry in the EU faced with imports from third countries and the sustainable conservation and management of resources .
Consequently , the EU must prevent the transfer of EU-owned vessels to countries flying flags of convenience .
The annual parliamentary debate on the development of an area of freedom , security and justice , which will take place during the February part-session , will be the first opportunity to discuss with Parliament the assessment of our policies in these fields .
The second strand will be a report – which the Commission will present to the Council in April – concerning links between legal and illegal migration , which will above all set out the conclusions of the study currently being undertaken by the Commission into the possibility of establishing some kind of system for coordinating legal migration in the Member States .
There were many fears surrounding the Portuguese and the Spanish too , Mr President , if I recall correctly – the Portuguese and Spaniards were about to invade Europe .
These agreements were negotiated by the Council Presidency , assisted at all times by the Commission , pursuant to Articles 38 and 24 of the Treaty .
These complementary bilateral instruments are currently at the negotiation stage .
The system currently in force only bans dangerous substances and preparations , which is clearly inadequate .
Straightaway , we find ourselves , unacceptably , blackmailed by the so-called ‘Gang of Six’ , which aims to limit the Community budget to 1 % of the Community’s gross national product , following the lack of agreement at the Brussels Summit on the new Draft Constitutional Treaty .
Simply making it flexible will not solve the problem .
This illustrates the importance of the tuna fleet and industry based in less developed , outlying regions that are highly dependent on the fisheries sector .
It is impossible to argue with such a conclusion , in view of the Community tuna fleet and industry ’s loss of competitiveness , along with the major contribution of these areas to the EU – the canning industry provides around 40 000 jobs in the EU and tuna accounts for almost 60 % of total tinned fish production .
We therefore support the compromise amendments tabled to the report before us and endorsed by seven parliamentary groups .
The effect of the illegal trade in bushmeat has attracted worldwide attention .
The odd improvement was made to the report in plenary , but the amendments that had been tabled did not change it significantly .
Its clear aim is to put an end to the concept of public service and , in so doing , to alleviate the State’s burden of responsibility .     .
The proposed clarification of the concept of services of general economic interest and of criteria for distinguishing between categories of services of general interest must not be allowed to lead to greater centralisation or to artificial standardisation .
This is the profit-driven approach , an approach that commercialises health , adopted by the large pharmaceutical multinationals which are primarily based in developed countries .
I endorse the rapporteur’s proposal to encourage patent-holder companies to grant licences that allow other companies to manufacture their products at lower cost ; using safeguards in international trade agreements that can help governments to expand access to medicines and protect public health .
The initiative is further underscored by the African Peer Review Mechanism ( APRM ) , which I also endorse .
I particularly welcome this report , as I have striven for a new perspective on Africa , a new perspective on a forgotten continent and a perspective of fraternity and solidarity towards a brother Continent .     .
I also welcome the reaffirmation – as advocated by Unesco – that culture is not ‘merchandise’ and that it must be excluded from any process of liberalisation , be it multilateral or bilateral , as well as the reaffirmation of the role of public services .
The respect for and protection of cultural diversity are of crucial importance , from the point of view not only of collective awareness , but also of hopefully sustainable development .
Given that the growth of employment , particularly of women , is directly linked to whether it is possible to combine work with family life , the employment strategy must include references to funding and setting up facilities to care for children and dependents , and access to paid parental leave .
I also welcome the fact that it points out the lack of information with