missed our chance at Nice , we missed our chance at Amsterdam and , in my view , we missed our chance at Maastricht ; we missed the chance – which Parliament had once demanded but then forgot about  – to stress that we needed , first , to go deeper – do you remember the famous concept of going deeper before enlarging ?  – and today’s debate shows how far we are from achieving the intentions expressed at the start of the Italian Presidency , which Parliament was still expressing in September .
It is quite clear that we who , as the Presidency in office , are presiding over the work of the Intergovernmental Conference can only be helped in our task by these contributions , however critical .
It would be inaccurate for the reasons I have just given : these are times of strategic manoeuvres which must be seen as such and could not , I feel , be seen any differently , for the simple reason that the idea is not to resolve one point at a time  – for then we would be able to say at each stage : ‘This has been discussed and resolved ’  – the idea is to realise that , when such a complex undertaking is embarked upon , we can only look at the overall picture , and therefore , at the end of the proceedings , we will be able to balance out the proposal we are going to make as Presidents-in-Office , which we hope will be accepted as widely as possible and to the greatest possible extent .
We have undertaken to return to this matter too .
I would also like to thank Mr Hernández Mollar for incorporating the opinion of the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market , which was the fruit of extensive , in-depth analysis , extensive debate and great understanding of the issue .
To sum up , Mr President , we must ensure that the level of protection of rights provided is higher rather than lower .
As we know , all the Member States are bound to abide by the European Convention on Human Rights and the Court of Justice , with its elaborate case law , monitors respect for the Convention , but that is not enough .
Despite the excellent work of Mr Hernández Mollar and taking into consideration the powerful arguments put forward by the Chairman of the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market , Mr Gargani , the Radical Members will only vote for the motion if the amendments calling for the entry into force of the arrest warrant to be made subject to the adoption of procedural safeguards are adopted .     Mr President , the theory that made its choices about restructuring according to political criteria seems to me to be very tenuous .
I assure you that the comment on institutional responsibilities as regards the budget of the European institutions did not pass me by .
Indeed , it is not clear how the objective of boosting equal opportunities is to be achieved if such opportunities are only available in certain aspects of life such as work .
I will end by calling on President Prodi , if Mrs Diamantopoulou will relay the message , to be , perhaps , a little more active and more diligent , even though the Commission is at the end of its term of office , as regards an issue , the issue of disability , which is of such great importance in human , social and cultural terms .     .
Thus , moral responsibility dictates that we opt for this kind of investigation , these types of treatment .
There are , however , more than just moral arguments ; these moral arguments give rise to legal arguments , which the committee of which I have the honour of being chairman has pointed out and brought to Parliament’s attention .
That is why I want to thank Commissioner Busquin for his prolific efforts to achieve what is , without a doubt , a difficult compromise .
What is happening in Europe , with the national laws of some Member States , is exactly the opposite , namely that ethical prejudices are blocking research for all citizens , not just for those who wish to stand aloof from such research and its results on ethical grounds .
Indeed , you do not give the scientific grounds .
An attempt is being made to impose an ethical and a moral principle , and this is being done –  I am referring to those who are trying to table amendments which are even more limiting than the Commission ’s proposal  – by means of a device which we will not allow : setting up research on adult cells as an alternative to research on stem cells .
Many Members have already raised the basic question : can the European Union , with great difficulty , adopt an initiative , which does not have backing in all the Member States of the Union ?
At this juncture , therefore , on a matter such as this , which is much more complex and much more sensitive , there may well be a need for further reflection .     Madam President , I would like to thank the rapporteurs for this report , which is , , technically detailed .
I believe this is something that could streamline the procedure and provide an increasingly smooth channel for funding to reach the territory .
Our thoughts are also with those mourning in Turkey and the Jewish communities , and with all those suffering throughout the world as a result of terrorist attacks .
In the United States , monetary and fiscal stimuli and an increase in productivity are keeping growth rates high .
It provides for public and private investment to spark growth and employment