Narrow-mindedness and neo-nationalism must not place obstacles in the way of enlargement .
The second great challenge is the World Summit in Johannesburg and , here , the EU must go on the offensive and courageously show its solidarity with the developing countries by spearheading the creation of the global agreement , which the President-in-Office also mentioned , with practical political obligations and with a precise timetable .
I hope that the Danish Presidency will go on the offensive and choose the path of real solidarity with the Third World .
The strident negative debate on foreigners in certain countries should be replaced by a common European policy based on humanitarianism , in which foreigners are not discriminated against socially , in which conventions are respected and in which it is not only members of a well-educated elite who have access to Europe as refugees or for the purpose of family reunification .
With such a policy - and only with such a policy -positive cooperation from the European Parliament can be anticipated .
So the day has finally arrived which we all , but particularly you , have been looking forward to and preparing for since you became Denmark 's Prime Minister .
As a liberal , it is with particular pleasure that I stand here today .
Now we have a liberal president of the Council , of the European Parliament and of the Commission .
That is a good starting point for getting the working programme of the presidency implemented .
We liberals have been fighting for enlargement since the fall of the Berlin Wall .
Getting enlargement completed on schedule will require not just political skill , but also plenty of hard work .
As a Danish liberal I hope that successful enlargement can lead to Denmark again becoming a full member of the EU.
But Denmark 's own foot-dragging in the EU will in no circumstances hamper enlargement .
It is our duty - but a duty that we are happy to comply with - to give these new EU citizens the same rights as we ourselves have .
Our new citizens must have this right from day one .
I would like to wish the presidency every success in its work on implementing one Europe .
I am convinced that it will succeed .
A polished , presentable presentation has been given , without so much as a single independent thought .
We are and remain the tail of the German bulldog , but the Prime Minister 's rhetoric makes it look as if it is the tail that is wagging the dog .
My esteemed fellow MEP , Per Gahrton , expressed one of them .
Together with this supporting party - the Danish People 's Party , which is also represented here in this House - it has presented a programme on foreigners the contradictions of which were very clearly documented by Mr Gahrton , and I would like to repeat Mr Gahrton 's question .
I do not know what this clear message is .
The situation that Ireland is in has not changed , and the Danish Presidency has demonstrated its ability to manipulate referendums previously .
The final and crucial point is the mantra : an area of freedom , security and justice - AFSJ.
Now , nearly one year after September 11 , we are seeing panic legislation which firstly leaves much to be desired in respect of the elemental Rule of Law , and secondly sets out EU measures that have no basis in the treaty .
The Rule of Law and democracy are on the way out .
.
I have noted many important and insightful observations that I will take with me when I go away from here today .
A number of election campaign speeches have been given here in the House .
Moreover , Mrs Frahm and Mr Krarup , who represent Denmark in Parliament , made contributions that I consider to be part of the discussion of and campaign for domestic policy in Denmark .
I do not intend to go into that either .
( Applause ) I would like to thank Mr Poettering for his support of the Danish Presidency and I would like to say to Mr Poettering , Mr Watson and Mrs Maij-Weggen , who all raised the matter of openness , that it is the intention of the Danish Presidency to administer the rules on openness in such a way that there is the greatest degree of openness possible within the decisions made .
Then Mr Poettering raised the matter of better legislation .
We will give this the very highest priority .
It is clear that as a candidate country Turkey must be treated the same as every other candidate country , i .e .
Turkey does not do so at the current point in time .
I would like to answer Mr Poettering and Mr Watson jointly , and at the same time take the opportunity to thank Mr Watson for his support of the Danish Presidency .
I agree entirely that we must urge every country and every political leader in Europe not to let the enlargement of the European Union be held to ransom by their agricultural policy ambitions .
( Applause ) It would be a historic mistake of major proportions if anyone were to block the enlargement of the European Union because of disputes concerning a monetary amount which is , after all , of marginal importance .
We do not need more money in order to implement enlargement of the European Union ; and secondly , the Commission 's proposal concerning the gradual phasing in of direct subsidies to farmers in the new Member States will mean a small , modest amount of extra expenditure - extra expenditure that corresponds to less than one thousandth of the value of total production in