It is essential to acknowledge that the results achieved up to now do not tally with the ambition behind this idea .
This lack of consumer protection is truly unacceptable , and it calls for a European response that provides for the assessment of airlines , promotes assistance for passengers caught in these situations and sets out compensation for damages .
European regions that are distinguished as tourist destinations must provide users of services in this sector with the highest level of service and quality .
I voted in favour of the joint motion for a resolution on origin marking since it is based on the principle that consumer protection requires transparent and consistent trade rules , including origin marking .
That is why we abstained .
It is necessary to strengthen the Community economy by improving the competitiveness of EU industry in the global economy .
This attitude shows an unacceptable disregard for those elected by Europe 's citizens .
Exposure to environmental tobacco smoke , also known as passive smoke , is a significant additional cause of death , disease and disability in the European Union .
However , there are still significant differences in the level of protection against exposure to tobacco smoke within the EU.
I will end by saying that we hope that the Council takes account of this resolution , which , we hope , will be adopted by Parliament tomorrow .
Who could forget the proposal to amend the Working Time Directive , which sought to devalue work and make it even more precarious , to extend the working day and to undermine collective bargaining and the role of trade unions , precisely the opposite of what the ILO conventions uphold ?
Unfortunately , we are all also aware that resources , including financial resources , are not always the main limitation .
The European Socialists are ready for this challenge .
It is also a fundamental pillar of any society , as the work of thousands of volunteers , young and old , acting in a formal or informal capacity , in the fields of health , welfare , education , the environment or culture , makes a difference to thousands of lives every single day .
Nevertheless , we believe that it needs to be ensured that volunteering does not come to substitute action by Member States , and that it must not be used as a way of fulfilling needs which are the responsibility of the social services .
Looking at the countries on the list , it is relatively easy to spot the inequality between different countries in terms of their enthusiasm and espousal of the conditions for joining the European Union .
In view of this , although we believe that the issue of EU enlargement is primarily a decision for the people of each country that wishes to join , we voted against the report as it stands due to the negative aspects of the strategy that it seeks to follow , although this has no legal value .
The situation of this issue in Portugal is worrying .
I agree with the need to encourage Member States to draw up national plans of action for combating violence against women .
I condemn all kinds of violence , but particularly when it is used against those who are in a more vulnerable position - socially , economically or emotionally - as children and women often are .
It is therefore crucial that we consolidate financial measures and policies that are genuinely committed to strengthening the role of women in society by promoting equal rights on both a Community and national level , and by implementing real plans to combat all forms of violence against women , along with eliminating residual discrimination and protecting and supporting victims .
The severity and frequency of these events demands an uncompromising reaction from the whole international community , which must include the European Union .
Finally , we would like to stress that resources intended for aid and development , or the European Development Fund , should not , under any circumstances , be used for military purposes .
Against this backdrop , the act that was recently passed in Portugal was a well balanced one .
The policy of prohibition should be implemented in situations where it is shown to be necessary .
I do think , however , that these actions should be implemented by each Member State , in the first instance .
In light of the impact of climate change on agriculture , particularly reduced productivity due to water scarcity , especially in countries which are already struggling with these problems , we must ensure that we develop coherent agricultural policies that are consistent with protecting the climate and fighting hunger .
The resolution also draws attention to the importance of agriculture in combating hunger and stresses the importance of farmers ' incomes .
The world food crisis is one of the major threats to global peace and security , so all global and European food security policies need to be stepped up .
The urgent thing would have been to demand respect for the fundamental rights of the people of the Western Sahara .
Moreover , they are ineffective methods , which will not succeed in silencing or containing those who clamour for freedom and human rights .
Producers ( of cereals , pork , olive oil , fruit , vegetables , etc. ) are experiencing extremely difficult conditions at the moment due to the slump in demand , and they are getting very low prices for their products compared with their production costs .
Although the Doha Round - that is , the Doha Development Agenda - was not on the official agenda for this ministerial conference , the fact is that a large majority of the official delegations from the WTO member countries took the opportunity to announce their positions on