Another true fact is that the European Union has maintained a common position since 1996 which has produced no positive result whatsoever and which has made no contribution to improving the situation on the island .
We would like to empty Cuban jails of political prisoners and we would like political freedom in Azerbaijan and in Ukraine and in Belarus and in Sudan , and in China as well .
This Parliament has always been a model and a pioneer in defence of human rights and at this critical time it must demonstrate that it will not throw in its lot with a corrupt dictator in full decline nor be carried along by the collaborationism of certain Members who have always been manipulated by that dictatorship .
I believe they would like the Europeans not to fight amongst ourselves – as we are doing here tonight – but rather to unite to help them as much as possible , because they must be the masters of their future , not us .
I would like to congratulate the Dutch Presidency on the exhaustive Hague Programme in relation to the area of freedom , but I would like to add a brief comment .
More Union means more ability to choose and select .
The Council was naturally extremely concerned , given the very imminent challenges we are facing , including the ratification of the European Constitution by each of the Member States .
Naturally , we are against .
A majority of this House will be investing a great deal of political capital in you tomorrow .
Nevertheless , according to the Constitutional Treaty , the environment is an exclusive competence of the European Union .
Amongst other things , the report notes that , despite the work done , in particular by the European Ombudsman and his team , the citizens are still experiencing problems obtaining information and documents from the institutions .
This amendment is based , once again , on the fact that the role of the European Ombudsman is to give the citizens the opportunity to express their views on issues that affect them .     .
Could you tell us , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , whether this method consisting of setting limits on resources and then making cuts also corresponds to a method you use in your deliberations ?
I would , therefore , like the Dutch Presidency to tell us how work is going on approving the general lines of the reform at the European Council on the 17 December .
The truth is that you have taken up your responsibilities at a very delicate time on the international scene ; you have been at the International Conference on Iraq ; you have met on the sidelines with the Quartet to deal with the relaunch of the Roadmap for the Middle East peace process following the death of Yasser Arafat ; you have had to attend this European Union-Russia Summit ; we have the political crisis in Ukraine .
I believe , Commissioner , that it is important for the Commission to have a defined policy of friendly relations , but on the basis of our values ; to this end , we must also closely monitor the measures taken recently by the Russian authorities , in terms of the always difficult balance between security and freedom , following the attacks in North Osetia , in a decentralised manner .
The Socialist Group would like to congratulate the Commission on treating education as a priority in its political framework for combating diseases relating to poverty .
I was able on that occasion to provide a detailed account of the findings and conclusions contained in our report .
The plan which the Commission adopted in 2002 to modernise its accounts is due to take effect in 2005 .
The Court stresses once again that the areas of shared , indirect or decentralised management are the ones where most errors continue to appear and that it is in these areas that a greater effort needs to be made .
Nevertheless , in the financial year 2003 the rate of implementation for payments was 92 % , which is a considerable improvement when compared with the figure of 86 % for the previous financial year .
In the Court 's view , in the case of eight of the actions that had theoretically been completed by the end of 2003 , including those relating to the minimum standards for internal control or the internal audit capability within each Directorate-General , the degree of implementation is still not satisfactory .
These reservations limit the guarantees offered by the Directors-General in their declarations .
I will therefore have completed the three-year period which began with the presentation in the COCOBU of the Court’s work programme for 2002 .
These and other technical and human-resources measures will help us to continue to improve our work in an enlarged Europe .
I would , therefore , appeal to the Commission – to Mr Kallas , who on this first day has shown great will – and to the Court of Auditors – to Mr Fabra Vallés , with his experience – to ensure that we find an innovative route , a firm institutional commitment with the European Parliament – naturally – which leads us to a positive statement which provides the European citizens with the guarantee that their contribution to European integration is properly planned and properly spent and contributes to the added value we all seek .     .
Mr President , I would like to say that only through ignorance and bad faith could we fail to recognise the progress made over recent years as a result of the Colombian Government’s policy .
Consequently , even if we put an end to guerrilla activities and drug-trafficking , violence would still re-emerge unless we resolve these problems .
I therefore feel that the Commissioner’s