citizens ' prosperity .
The only policy that can consolidate and raise the level of consumer protection is one that revolves around man and his prosperity and not around increasing competition .
Furthermore , any evaluation needs to be made on the basis of quantifiable social targets .
The testing times we are experiencing at present , and for which we are accountable , is a very good test of resistance and discipline for Greece .
Mr President , is there a timetable for all this , for the mechanism to combat speculation ?
The Culture Programme aims , in particular , to promote the cross-border mobility of people working in the cultural sector , to encourage cross-border movements of artistic and cultural works and products and to support cross-cultural dialogue .
The contractor conducted the evaluation on the basis of data on the results from plans , recent individual evaluations and research and interviews with plan beneficiaries and interested persons working in the cultural sector .
The participation of people working in the cultural sector in plans is relatively evenly distributed across the Member States .
If you do not mind , I would rather not comment just now on articles in various publications , because I do not think we shall get anywhere by responding to articles like this .
What I would say is that cultural monuments , such as the Acropolis and other monuments in Greece and other Member States , are a source of inspiration and cross-cultural wealth and just today , the European Commission adopted a new system for labelling the major cultural monuments of the European Union , including the Acropolis .
What action can the Commission take to strengthen grassroots sports and promote their development across the Member States ?
The activities of micro-entities are of negligible cross-border significance .
It would appear that social policy and employment policy are being adapted selectively and flexibly to market forces .
The EU 2020 strategy follows on from and extends the anti-grassroots Lisbon Strategy by laying down the strategic objectives and plans of monopoly capital and laying the workers ' fundamental wage and social rights on a Procrustean bed .
The European Parliament report on the EU Common Foreign and Security Policy , in conjunction with the corresponding report on the Common Security and Defence Policy , produced by the anti-grassroots alliance of conservatives , social democrats and liberals in the European Parliament , maps out the constant support of the political mouthpieces of capital for the promotion of even greater militarisation of the EU , especially following the entry into force of the reactionary Treaty of Lisbon , and their active role in promoting the imperialist policy of the EU and the interventions and wars which it unleashes against third countries and peoples in every corner of the planet , in order to serve the interests and sovereignty of monopoly capital under conditions of escalating imperialist infighting .
It marks a new escalation in competition with other imperialist centres .
It calls for state terrorism to be stepped up and for democratic rights to be strangled in the name of 'combating terrorism ' and 'radicalisation ' . It promotes the rapid organisation of the European External Action Service with political and military competences .
Strengthening the Non-proliferation Treaty ( NPT ) by having all the Member States sign and apply it comes within this framework .
The resolution by the European Parliament , the pretext for which is the death of the Cuban prisoner Orlando Zapata Tamayo , who died following a hunger strike , despite the efforts of the Cuban health services to restore his health , is a provocative and unacceptable attack on the socialist government and people of Cuba and forms part of the anti-communist strategy being directed by the EU and led by the European Parliament in a bid to overturn the socialist regime .
To call for the common position against Cuba to be revoked .
To defend socialist Cuba .
( The speaker was interrupted by a heckler ) It is the economy - yes , it is .
Do we or do we not have a central administration in the European Union ?
Are we certain that Greece , which accounts for 2 % of the European economy , has caused such a massive problem with the euro ?
If we look back , we can see what we have achieved ( 30 years ago , I was a young employee at the Ministry of Labour and was trained here , in Brussels , in the single European market ) .
That is why you also see me with the euro-sceptics .
However , the financial crisis has brought the correlation between full , uniform monetary union and the imperfect economic union of the EU to the surface .
A detailed examination of the operation of the credit default swaps market is needed .
Mr President , 25 March is the birthday of both Europe and Greece .
Everyone in this House knows that , of the 15 countries in the euro area , 6 have high public debts and financial deficits .
Many people will say it serves Greece right and it should pay for its mistakes .
I abstained from voting on this particular report .
The crisis in public deficits , which is a general phenomenon throughout the EU , is due , among other things , to the massive scale of tax evasion , which is something that the Commission forgets .
That is why the anti-growth and anti-social Stability Pact needs to be changed and a different framework needs to be configured for the exercising of economic and social policy , predicated on work and social needs and sustainable , viable growth .
The joint motion for a resolution adopted by Parliament , which I voted in favour of , is extremely important