in people .
These are among the questions raised by this directive , not only in the form originally proposed by the Commission but also , of course , in the Council’s common position , which is before us now .
With its proposal , the Commission decided to change this , and I think it was right to do so .
We did some research on the Internet this afternoon , but the most recent data , regrettably , was that for water quality in 2003 , which is , of course , no indication as to whether or not it is still safe to swim near Athens .
I can understand the position of the governments who want the system to be affordable .
I find this very useful , because it goes without saying that we need to continue to make adjustments in the future .
In addition , the distinction drawn by the Council between salt and fresh water is dictated by the wish to reach a compromise within the Council .
So why is the Council so opposed to better protection for bathers ?
We should bear in mind that this is about health standards , and that we cannot afford to fiddle those .
Although this is all very important to us , we would , at the same time , say that a number of requirements covered by the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Food Safety actually went way too far and did not really add anything , or would not have added anything , by way of extra public health protection .
Mr President , as we know and indeed , as Commissioner Barrot stated a moment ago , the terrorist attacks in the US and Spain , as well as the general increase in crime , have led to all kinds of safety measures being taken in Europe .
That is the directive that is before us this morning and on which we will be voting later on today .
Secondly , I was determined that the interpretation of the rules in all Member States should be unambiguous and that their implementation should be harmonised .
If we actually adopt this compromise later on today , the directive can be finalised at first reading .
Finally , I should like to express my approval about the amendments tabled by the Committee on Transport and Tourism .
It is indeed necessary that the funding of the proposed measures should not result in distortion of competition and that clear guidelines are prescribed for covering the costs incurred by the governments on the one hand and operators on the other .     Madam President , the security of vulnerable locations such as ports is essential to society .
Finally , I should like to express my appreciation for the rapporteur who managed to bring this dossier to a good end in a succinct manner by holding on to the core principles in consultation with the Council .     Madam President , by saying , today , at first reading , that minimum rules for work are very important for health and safety in the workplace and also for the reconciliation of professional and family life , we are in fact underpinning the 1993 legislation .
Finally , I would like to thank Mr Cercas and Mr Silva Peneda , who have tried to incorporate respect for the principle of subsidiarity into this document .     Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , it goes without saying that the biggest challenge we face today in our parliamentary work is the abolition of the opt-out , which – let me tell Mr Davies – has nothing to do with subsidiarity but everything to do with lawlessness and a lack of rights .
It is , of course , good that a seminar managed to keep the Kyoto process on the rails , if only just , and that the EU had its own way and that next week’s seminar in Bonn will be about future developments , but this is a shamefully poor result .
In the discussions we held as parliamentary delegation in Buenos Aires , a sectoral approach emerged as a viable route .
I wish you much success in Bonn .     .
We may , as a party , be republican , but we do not want to achieve our goals by submerging the royal palace .
It is right that we should examine our own consciences , for in my own country , important arms exports have been set up to conflict areas in the past .
I have a precise question on passenger name records – they are also mentioned in the action plan – and more specifically in relation to the incident with the KLM plane one month ago .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I may be stating the obvious when I say that this report is one of the most important to have been discussed in this House .
The Commission listened carefully to what the options were and eventually adopted a few elements , without holding onto the rigid principles on which the Commission usually insists , for which I am grateful .
What I considered crucial , and that has also been adopted by the Commission and the Council , is that a liability scheme will in any case be put in place , particularly for the medical professions , because it is unacceptable for people employed in that sector on a temporary basis to be able to escape all disciplinary provisions and liability because of the temporary nature of the job .
I hope that with this directive today , we have demonstrated , and have given a very clear message , that we are all prepared to work on a stronger and prosperous Europe .
