required .
We therefore now see it as a very important task to rebuild and strengthen the UN.
The idea is for Parliament to send a signal that what we wish to strengthen is international law .
I am glad that they did so because they must form part of our reflections upon how the future is to look .
That is , of course , completely and utterly unacceptable , however , just as it is that the coalition should continue , with a larger number of countries helping out .
It must be carried out under the auspices of the UN , just as it is the UN that must now go in and support the holding of democratic elections in Iraq so that Iraq might , as soon as is humanly possible , assume responsibility for its own future .
Mr President , Mr Lannoye 's report contains very accurate and incisive criticisms of the negative effects of privatising water supply services .
In Denmark , the supply of water is based upon a principle of solidarity when it comes to prices and the accessibility of resources .
That is a very important factor for ensuring the continued protection of sources of water .
The private dimension is , however , very satisfied with the diluted requirements that the EU is now coming up with and that mean a weakening of the limit values for pesticides in our drinking water .
At the time when the EU was negotiating in connection with the Drinking Water Directive , London 's private water suppliers were thus lobbied on the same basis as the European chemical industry with a view to our simply allowing large quantities of pesticides into the drinking water .
As I see it , the only sure way to protect sources is not to use pesticides .
I am delighted to vote in favour of Mr Lannoye 's report .
The report calls upon the Commission to waste no time in renegotiating the fisheries agreement between Greenland and the EU.
The report proposes that the agreement be revised right now and that those elements of the agreement not directly related to fisheries , that is to say the extra money received by Greenland , be transferred to another arrangement , namely the structural fund .
Mr President , the aftermath of the loss of the Prestige is frightening .
It is grotesque that the EU should invest billions in obtaining a cleaner Baltic Sea , at the same time as there is an increasing amount of oil being transported in ways that constitute a danger .
The Danish islands and the area around the Baltic Sea are especially vulnerable to the pollution that can be caused by just one shipwreck .
In very practical terms , the EU can do three things .
Partly because of the limited quantity of water flowing through it , the Baltic Sea is just such an area .
By classifying it in this way , it would be possible to take the necessary preventive measures to protect the area against dangerous transports of oil through its waters .
Finally , the EU can also lobby within the IMO for the phasing-out of single-hulled tankers globally .
I should like to ask the Commissioner if contact has been made with the Russian authorities and if there is any news - ideally good news - from them .
Mr President , Commissioner , I should like to thank the rapporteur for the huge amount of work she has done .
I should like to praise the Commission , and also the rapporteur , for having emphasised what the intentions are , namely to create still more development and still more investment in small - and medium-sized enterprises in this area .
Why are they not shouting with joy and , upon being consulted , using their answers to praise the proposal for a directive ?
Why are all the software industry 's innovators not demanding that we introduce this directive at breakneck speed ?
That should , I think , in any case give rise to a certain amount of doubt as to whether we are in actual fact doing what we say we are doing .
The ostensible purpose of the directive is to ensure that rights can be enforced .
Being able , however , to enforce rights in this area or , perhaps , to protect oneself against others ' maintaining that their own rights are being violated is so expensive that it is transparently obvious to small and medium-sized enterprises that this is not a method of progress for them .
We say that we shall not extend the existing provisions .
Let us , therefore , stick with that .
We have a legal basis in the form of the European Patent Convention .
If we were now to respond by legalising that extension , we should in fact be heading in the wrong direction .
My question is therefore : how pure must software be before it is pure ?
Moreover , it is perhaps precisely such questions that should be clarified before we take definitive action in this area .
I very much want to invite reflection .
I very much want to recommend that we allow doubts to be heard and that we listen to what the small and medium-sized enterprises in Europe have to say in this area .
Mr President , I am a trained architect and have worked as an architect all my life .
Let us imagine that patents were taken out on stairs so that , in future , approval was needed and a licence had to be paid for before a house with stairs could be designed .
It is a grotesque idea , however , that an individual colleague of mine or a major firm within my industry should be able in some way to obstruct all development