short order , is money , not sleight of hand or political evasive action .
Not only are these necessary and cheaper , they also take greater care of the environment .
The destruction of many businesses and of the infrastructure in these regions has set the areas ' development back by years .
Retailers and tradesmen lost not just their shops and businesses but all their stock and materials . 21 people are thought to have died in the floods .
And of course , schools , scientific establishments and , above all , public infrastructures were seriously affected and , to put it bluntly , agriculture is staring ruin in the face .
His visit clearly demonstrated that the European Union is alive and well and ready to help and did much to raise the stock of the European Union .
Nonetheless , the question of providing more money from the Structural Funds over coming years needs to be reviewed , as Mrs Krehl has already said .
Many agencies have been overwhelmed with offers of help .
We need , however , to address a number of issues which go beyond these emergency measures .
The Austrian Chancellor , Dr. Schüssel , estimated yesterday that 70 % of the damage has been recorded and EUR 65 - 70 million paid out directly .
Applications are already being received from the Austrian authorities .
As you know , we have had no such instrument , no aid fund for natural disasters in the past .
I can assure you that it was highly prized in the Czech Republic .
The Council has now made across-the-board reductions , for example in the agricultural sector , but has disregarded the fact that we need to revalue in order to take account of the current value of the dollar .
I must state quite clearly here , to paraphrase the words used with such gusto by the Ecofin Council , the Council of Finance Ministers , on another occasion : this Council decision on its own administrative resources does not fit into the budgetary landscape .
Thank you for your attention .
If one motorway company has saved money over a number of years in order to be able to offer a better solution , then my question is , why can we not leave it to the motorway companies to decide if they wish to offer technical alternatives in order to improve traffic across the Alps ?
Is there pan-European recognition for products tested in one country ?
The honourable Member is also right in stating that the European Union is doing everything in its power to help bring about a solution and it shall continue to do so in the future .
The fact that it has come to direct talks at all is only because Cyprus has accession prospects and because the Turkish side now understands that the European Union intends to keep to its enlargement timetable .
Mr President , Mr Hatzidakis , you are quite right .
There is no plan B and we are expressly prohibited from engaging in this sort of deliberation .
This may be a game of pass-the-parcel between the Council and the Commission - I have no idea - but that was what the Council told me .
Mr President , I should like to ask the Commission how it intends to guarantee that economic , social and employment policies will be coordinated , as defined in the Lisbon process , and pursued in a democratically legitimate manner if it rejects changes to the Treaty within the framework of the Convention .
I think that excesses in competition law such as we saw at the start of the year in Germany , when a firm wanting to offer a 20 % discount was prohibited from doing so by a court order , will be a thing of the past .
Seasonal and clearance sales are also exempted from the regulation , as are fixed-prices for books and , last but not least - and this has already been addressed - the thorny issue of below cost selling .
We need both , one presupposes the other .
According to IOM estimates , 500 000 people are caught up in trafficking in the European Union every year , mainly women and children , while other women are at risk of genital mutilation .
We have achieved good results with our networks , with the NGOs , and these now need to be implemented in the Member States .
Quite remarkable !
We believe not only that this war should be unreservedly rejected but also that the inhumane and politically counterproductive embargo should be lifted , with the exception of arms exports , so that Iraq 's exclusion from democratic development can be lessened .
I only wanted to remind you about that to make it clear how complicated and dangerous unilateralism is in practice .
However , for this to succeed , for example getting inspectors into Iraq , means Saddam Hussein honouring his obligations .
There is a debate raging about this even in America itself .
These prisoners deserve to be treated in accordance with international law and the international conventions .
A majority on the Legal Affairs Committee realised the absurdity of this step and rejected the amendments to which I have referred .
One year on , we are of course all aware that the struggle against terrorism , as President Bush himself once said , will be a long one at various levels , and that quick victories are illusory .
Developing such a strategy to pull the plug on the crises in the Middle East , settle the conflict between Israel and the Palestinians , and neutralise Islamic political fundamentalism wherever it rears its head - and it has its boltholes in Europe itself - to all these things , the European Union can and must make a substantial contribution