In the context of accession measures for the central and eastern European countries we must ensure that these countries have in place appropriate structures for the social dialogue by the time of accession .
The current round of social dialogue takes the form of tripartite negotiations , and many who cannot take part directly in the negotiations object to this .
The social dialogue is necessary at both European and national levels .
But they are not within their rights to decide this themselves .
A framework agreement would have had the advantage for the European Parliament of allowing it to be formally consulted .
It is precisely this that should make us , as Members of the European Parliament , intensify our own contacts with Congress , and not rely on the Commission , which always seems to be told : we cannot do anything , it is the members of Congress who do that .
This report has given us a good opportunity to do so .
Now the US does not care about the WTO and is threatening a full-scale attack on European products if the EU does not given in to US interests in the banana dispute .
This is why we asked the Belgian Government for information , which we received in October .
I have just pointed out that we have now started a very specific inspection , the results of which are to be discussed on 19 November in the monitoring committee .
However , it is now up to the Council , and I hope that the Council will ultimately remain loyal to the decisions it made in Cardiff .
How do you intend to deal in future with these problems which constitute obstacles for the internal market ?
Even the instruments created hitherto have not worked as we had actually imagined they would .
This is because no one in the Commission has been able to read the final report , declare the work to be in order , and say that the organisation should receive the final payment because it has managed the project according to the rules .
I suspect that due to the shortage of personnel in the Commission , you have decided to simply hand this year 's money over in large chunks to the international organisations .
By introducing these new arrangements , we could avoid falling behind the United States and Japan , where there is already extensive patent protection for computer software .
That is why I very much welcome the Commission proposal , precisely because international policy on patents and licences is an extremely important instrument for Europe .
That means that , even today , we need to consider how we can maintain the level of social security for the elderly .
It should firstly , for practical reasons , rely heavily on the regulations which already exist in the context of the UN Economic Commission for Europe .
Within only five years , three gigantic groups have emerged in the United States through mergers and takeovers .
Moreover , the plain fact is that company structures are different in the USA .
The aerospace industry awards contracts to hundreds of small and medium-sized businesses in most Member States of the European Union .
Every effort must now be made to ensure that these coins gain acceptance , not only in the financial markets and among financiers but also among the general public .
It is possible , after all , to ensure that banknotes and coins of the same denomination are not competing for public favour .
On Monday , I objected to the deletion of Question Time to the Council from today 's agenda .
This applies to reform of its policies .
Finally , we support the Commission 's intention to bring about greater coherence between national aids and measures and EU Objective 2 measures .
Let the Council do the same !
It means that those countries which are not in the first round of the negotiations can quickly move up that to level when they make the necessary progress .
This deviates from the principle that the opposition is entitled to one post .
On the one hand , the applicant countries have an enormous investment need in all possible areas .
That is correct if we look at the concentration on transport and environmental projects .
The Council representative says that our neighbours await European Union support for tackling their reforms and adopting the acquis communautaire .
So we cannot endorse Mr Sonneveld 's amendments , not least out of a sense of responsibility for the development of agricultural policy in the EU.
You can read that up in the report too , broken down by the various CIS member countries and the countries of Asia and Latin America .
We believe such a step would be quite wrong .
Moreover , we all too often forget that the same people are still working in the lower echelons of this administration , who are of course now endeavouring to work under the new system .
If we realise this , if we really define our interests in the political , security and economic areas , then we will also be in a position to muster the ability to compromise and achieve the balance that we need if we are to make progress here .
We are not pronouncing on an old report !
Only recently , Parliament took some ECU 200 million from the PHARE programme for the 1999 financial year and allocated it to other areas of external relations .
That is the only way to make European policy at all meaningful and transposable .
My CSU colleagues and I regard this aspect as so important that our vote on the Hatzidakis report will depend on whether Amendment No 47 is accepted .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , Commissioners