Hundreds of members of the group are being sent to camps for "re-education " .
Nor are there any signs that the situation in Tibet is improving .
Nor is there freedom of information now .
We ought not to allow ourselves to be deceived by a situation in which China takes token action at the eleventh hour in order to create the appearance of improvements taking place .
We must emphasise Europe ' s spiritual history .
These were the words spoken three hours ago in this Chamber by the President of the Czech Republic , Vaclav Havel .
First of all , civil society .
Vaclav Havel stated that , in Eastern Europe , the Communist regimes methodically destroyed civil society : national movements , churches and the independent trade unions .
We must never forget to defend civil society .
Try telling that to the governments of the United States , Russia and China .
My basic view is that one ought to pay tax in the country in which one lives , in which one ' s family lives and in which one benefits from public services .
My second question is about whether the Portuguese Presidency can accept a solution which involves the tax issue ' s being solved in different ways for Members of different nationalities , or whether you want a solution which is identical for members of all nationalities .
We both come from Sweden .
How do you think that public confidence in ourselves as politicians would be affected if a situation were to arise in which we obtained the right to use services where we live - education , health care etc - but , at the same time , did not pay any tax and did not contribute ?
I do not have very long in which to speak , and I really only want to take up two questions .
We must begin by writing off debts .
Paragraphs 2 and 3 of the resolution demand , within the context of the new agreement , that working methods should be developed and optimised .
How do these operate within the European Parliament ' s delegation to the ACP-EU' s Joint Assembly ?
In this context , account ought to be taken of the smaller groups , and consideration given to introducing more representative arrangements .
A great deal of suffering could have been avoided if the EU , among others , has acted earlier and more decisively .
We Liberals are prepared to go a long way and to do so quickly , just as Paolo Costa reported .
We should do exactly the same for the other countries in the Balkans .
I am talking about Milosevic .
( SV ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen ( all the more welcome for being so few in number ) , one might have thought that it was an unimportant subject which was to be discussed at this hour , but that is not the case .
We cannot permit our common currency to become weaker through its being counterfeited .
This is something which Parliament has said it wants to see added .
A country which acted in that way would bring a lot of ill will upon itself .
The Commission has proposed measures aimed at providing information , together with penal sanctions , preventive measures and the pooling of experience .
The denominations of the euro are well known .
The new applicant States are also encouraged to adapt to these regulations .
It has taken two years for the Council and the Commission to produce this proposal .
It would also be a betrayal of the people who will be handling the new , unfamiliar notes .
The Council must now convene in March and make the relevant decision .
I should especially like to thank my colleagues on the committee for their willingness to find compromises ; the President and the Bureau for lending a sensitive ear to this complex issue ; the Commission , and especially the Commissioner , for being such worthwhile contacts ; the Council ; and also the division responsible for servicing the committee , for its selfless work .
Allow me , however , to state very clearly that this is a question which really does affect the citizens of Europe in so far as it relates to how their savings are administered , what options there are available , how competition operates between countries in regard to different forms of savings , savers ' demand for security , and the opportunities Europe ' s citizens have to save wisely for their old age .
Collective investment undertakings became an alternative to saving with a bank .
The current Directive on UCITS has become antiquated and outdated .
The first concerns the product , that is to say the funds .
In addition , the Commission ' s proposal puts forward special risk-spreading rules for funds whose aim is to replicate a particular stock index , a so-called index fund .
Moving on now , then , to the point where there is (or , I hope , was ) a lack of agreement , namely OTC derivatives .
It is therefore important that regulation of derivatives is flexible so that the market is not tied down ahead of future developments .
The definitions 'standardised futures contracts ' and 'standardised options ' should therefore be combined to form a new definition , 'financial derivative instruments ' , which also covers OTC derivatives .
They must be introduced to guarantee the protection of investors .
Relevant information must be given to prospective unit-holders in a fund in a language which is readily understandable to investors in the host country .
One of the most important things , for me , personally , is that the common regulations should not cause smaller companies to go under .
I believe that today ' s proposal