asylum seekers whose application is or has to be refused , this concept , the result of a generous but narrow notion of asylum , cannot give rise to any less humanity in the reception and treatment of people who will always be vulnerable by virtue of their condition .
At a time when the world is seeking a response to the global economic crisis , and when protectionist tendencies are proliferating , as was the recent case of the discussion on the ' Buy American ' clause in the United States Congress , it is the duty of the governments and the institutions of the Community to look after the interests and guarantee respect of the rules applicable to small and medium-sized enterprises and international trade .
International trade will only be fair if it is so for both parties .
With the proper adaptations , we need to provide all the guarantees of traditional commerce .
Once again , particularly owing to the resistance of various countries in Africa , the Caribbean and the Pacific (ACP) , despite being obliged to use 'politically correct ' language , the majority in Parliament is unable to conceal the true origin and real intentions of the Economic Partnership Agreements between the EU and the ACP countries .
Parliament 's aim is , unacceptably , to 'legitimise ' the creation of a protectorate created and enforced , through aggression and military occupation , by the US , NATO and the EU , guaranteeing their political , economic and military dominance in this highly important region of Europe .
China currently accounts for 6 % of world trade .
Obstacles have been introduced in the form of rules and regulations , which restrict access by European companies in strategic sectors .
As shown in other similar parliamentary resolutions , the aim is to provide a response to the expansion needs of the EU 's major economic and financial groups , which runs counter to the response to the needs of the workers and small and medium-sized enterprises in various EU countries , particularly Portugal .
China 's role in the modern world economy is unequalled and its participation in overcoming the present crisis is vital .
It must condemn the brutal aggression , crimes , violations of the most basic human rights and state terrorism perpetrated by Israel against the Palestinian people , which nothing can justify .
After more than 18 months of an inhumane blockade , the 22 days of brutal Israeli aggression against the Palestinian people in the Gaza Strip have led to the deaths of at least 1 324 people and over 5 000 wounded , most of whom are children .
However , it is also essential to denounce the aggressors and hold them responsible .
I will end with a final word on the serious cases of Palestine and the Western Sahara , where women and children are the main victims of war and exploitation , in short the whole process of discrimination that affects these people and which seriously affects women and children .
We call on the Council not to lag behind Parliament and to go as far as necessary in understanding the legitimate needs and aspirations of families .
However , we do not agree that the establishment of large-scale infrastructure should only allow the creation of more opportunities to achieve research excellence in certain areas , meaning that certain countries will be the main beneficiaries of this process .
The report 's vision is generally positive as it stresses the need to strengthen rights to information and consultation in the various Member States .
However , we recognise the important role of various forms of social economy , the wealth of diversity in its institutions and also its specific characteristics , with differing needs .
Conversely , mental ill-health detracts from the quality of life of people and their families and has implications for the health , economic , educational , social security , penal and legal sectors .
Every nation has a great deal to gain from sharing the experiences of each Member State in this field , by comparing methodologies and strategies , albeit duly framed within the context of each region .
However , the support that must be given to those with greater financial difficulties should not be forgotten .
I therefore believe that this own-initiative report is timely and is extremely important in terms of pursuing the objectives of the new reform of the common fisheries policy ( CFP) .
However , in order for scientific fisheries research to meet the objectives set out and the needs indicated , it is vital that the necessary resources , including funding , are made available by the EU and by each Member State .
Supporting the maintenance of the moratorium , opposing all proposals regarding new types of whaling , accepting that all whaling operations by IWC members should be brought under IWC control and supporting proposals aimed at ending 'scientific whaling ' outside IWC control are some of the premises of this report that I consider to be essential .
This directive does not adopt the principle of protecting migrant workers and safeguarding those who , being forced to work in unacceptable conditions , report them .
It allows certain companies to benefit from a reduced rate of VAT , while at the same time trying to tackle the underground labour market and call for the creation of legitimate companies .
The President of the European Parliament recently sent a formal request for cooperation to the presidents of the national parliaments and a hearing will be held shortly .
However , the resolution does not demystify or denounce the fundamental element , namely the so-called 'fight against terror', nor does it condemn what it terms the 'limited maintenance of rendition schemes and of secret detention facilities ' by the US.
