adopted that will simplify the work of the European Council and make it more flexible .
Changing the current six-monthly system of presidencies means reforming the Treaties .
The inclusion of the fight against terrorism as a new sphere of cooperation between the European Union and Russia , the recognition of Russia 's status as a market economy and defining the bases for an agreement on Kaliningrad are all reasons to be optimistic about the future development of relations between the European Union and Russia .
The Spanish Presidency was particularly attentive during times of serious crisis in the Middle East .
Finally , I would like to point out that the Spanish Presidency has conducted all the negotiations in order to reach an agreement on the participation of European allies that are not Member States of the European Union in European defence .
I do not want to finish without offering my best wishes to the Danish Presidency and assuring it , of course , of Spain 's support throughout the next six months , just as they have actively cooperated with us .
With regard to the six-month presidency , the President-in-Office of the Council beat me to my criticism .
Now it seems that everything is focused around illegal immigration .
The Parliamentary Group of the European Socialist Party has adopted a document on the necessary reform of the agricultural policy and you are doing it in private , without a public debate , and even without listening to what the Commission is proposing , which may be very debatable , but you have a responsibility to do so .
Finally , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , there is the subject of democratic control and the reform of the Council .
In January I said that you could be good hosts for the Convention , because you had not expressed your opinion .
The priority of terrorism was a focus that partly reduced the much broader mandate from Laeken , focused on the Common Foreign and Security Policy .
The agricultural chapter was the main one , and within it , direct aid is much more important than any other subject .
However , with the current electoral process in another country , you have not acted in the same way , in order to avoid pressure on enlargement and the reduction of the CAP , because you must consider it to be a futile effort .
And from Barcelona to Seville , Mr Aznar , a general strike was called .
More Europe , yes , but a more supportive , more human Europe that serves citizens more and has a greater presence on the international stage .
But the same applies to those who instigate or cooperate with terrorists .
The Partido Popular , as Mr Matutes said then , has therefore given you its loyal support in order to achieve the objectives set out .
The media screen of achievements that you have put up does not hide the very serious questions appearing on the horizon .
Very good .
As a matter of fact , for you and your government , that strike never happened .
The only way to get out of your endless Basque nightmare is a simple one : just wake up .
Criticism , Mr President , is also a little like wills , in that only the most recent one is valid .
What is true is that the fourteen other Member States also count and in this type of situation , Mr President , one thing is very clear : those in the worst situations , those who have failed to resolve the problem of employment and convergence in order to join monetary union , are always those who give the best advice .
In six months there is not enough time for complete failures , they are impossible , and relative failures can be explained .
But that relationship was not cemented in Europe 's favour in terms of its relations with the United States .
To conclude , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , I was not planning to describe this Presidency , but your Minister for Foreign Affairs , as always , has provoked me by saying that he is reasonably satisfied .
The same thing that has been done in Spain with unemployment benefits or in the case of the conflict in the Basque Country , imposition and repression .
In Seville , in any case , you had to ratify the Tampere agenda ; you had to ratify its objectives after three years .
What is happening is that the European left is saying one thing in the European Parliament that does not coincide with what their governments , where they have them , are doing , they are saying something else in international forums and the opposite in the national parliaments and in the media .
Or was establishing a genuine internal market for energy not an unthinkable goal only a few years ago ?
The Spanish six-month Presidency began with a renewed enthusiasm for the future of the Union , and despite the obvious problems and obstacles , that enthusiasm is stronger than ever now , as a result of the Spanish Presidency .
That is what was done in Seville , as laid out from the outset in the programme of the Spanish Presidency .
And there are mafias who are dedicated to human trafficking and illegal immigration , which is a very profitable business for those mafias and furthermore is connected to other crimes , such as drug-trafficking .
We are not talking about a controversial debate on any particular type of sanction .
And as has been demonstrated recently , nothing is to be gained from confronting them with demagoguery .
? and are just as responsible for the actions of the terrorist organisation .
It is precisely those countries with more unemployment problems that must work harder to implement these reforms