The Pirker report has finally made it clear that there is in this House a large majority in favour of a hard and clear line against drugs .
There was a case in Austria where a mother prepared tea for her child every day with the first water that came out of the tap in the morning .
I have checked the figures and I would be pleased to let the Commission have these yet again .
However , I hope that you will permit me to offer three observations from an Austrian point of view .
That is because air pollution which is due to the high sulphur content of liquid fuels , especially in narrow mountain valleys , is the precise cause of pollution at local level , whereas in other places , where the topography is flat , where there are wide valley floors , transboundary air pollution becomes much a more perceptible phenomenon .
This long-term degradation means that greater levels of contamination are to be found in and around lead smelting works , and pollution of this kind can hardly be reduced by the required amount in the period of time prescribed .
This will be guaranteed primarily by the derogation provision which allows the sulphur limits to be exceeded in cases where SO2 pollution can be justified .
We are having discussions with industry about questions of voluntary commitment , with other countries about common rules , and also with international organizations , in this case the World Health Organization , with a view to establishing these rules .
We cannot tackle these problems using legislation alone .
We will discuss these in detail after the Commission has presented its specific proposals on 4 June of this year .
It is specifically in schools and in the area of youth that cooperation structures have been built over the years .
Such diversions damage our confidence in future improvements in relations .
One area of transit is the problem of fraud , which is quite a considerable one .
Madam President , on 1 July 1998 the European Central Bank will be able to start work on preparations for a successful and independent single monetary policy for the euro zone with eleven of the Member States .
The duty of democratic accountability laid down in our resolution on the democratic accountability of monetary institutions in Strasbourg means that we can expect the European Central Bank to report to us , detailing how it is exercising its scope for independent action in matters of monetary policy .
However , the political decision was reached by means of a procedure which has left behind it an unpleasant aftertaste since neither the age nor the nationality of a candidate should be seen as a condition for the success of the common monetary policy and therefore , quite rightly , neither are stipulated in the Treaty as selection criteria .
What is our reaction to the outcome of the hearing ?
That , too , leaves a nasty taste in the mouth .
Although there were differences in their statements and in their presentations to the House , there can be no doubt as to their qualifications .
In other words , how much progress we have made in Europe .
This is something I regret wholeheartedly .
Finally , Chancellor Helmut Kohl was forced to take on the role of mediator .
Professor Issing has been appointed for eight years .
This surely amounts to censorship... ... , and may I implore you to address the question of what is really meant by public accountability and the right of the press and the media to information in this House , which after all calls itself a democratic institution !
A considerable minority within our group did not consider that it made sense to vote ' No ' in such a critical situation .
And we have still to find an answer to them .
The potential is there , it just has to be put to practical effect .
If he had done , he would not have been able to talk as if things were being imposed on individual countries .
Thirdly , I believe that Europeanisation is very important .
I would like to mention three principles which are important as I see it , which go beyond what you have written and which will form the subject of various amendments .
The second issue which I would like to highlight is the following : Since Maastricht , we have been working towards the objective of a common foreign and security policy and we have been saying that we want to make the Western European Union an instrument of the European Union .
The current trend is for the US to withdraw from European trouble spots , leaving the EU with a still greater responsibility .
In this context , it is extremely important that relations between the WEU and both the EU and NATO are shaped with the necessary sensitivity .
Madam President , thank you for accepting the compromise proposal put forward by Mr Titley against his own best interests .
Finally , I also believe that it is very important that we talk to the forces in Bosnia .
We need not only international observers , we also need international peace-keeping troops to monitor the return to autonomy in Kosovo , leaving the Kosovo Albanians free to come to an independently negotiated solution with Belgrade .
Secondly , GPS has brought us new opportunities in navigation .
The Oslo Agreement , the foundation of this peace process , is no longer being respected by the Israeli government .
The first is the term "industry ' , which can be defined in many ways , perhaps as the demarcation of industry and the craft trade in terms of repairs , or perhaps as the development of new branches of the industry which no longer resemble the old