laws on social protection , the job market , health , justice and gender equality .
These and other matters were on the agenda at the informal meeting in early July of the EU Ministers for Employment , Social Affairs and Health .
The subject was also included in the National Strategy Reports on Social Protection and Social Inclusion produced by the Member States for the Commission in September .
The Finnish Presidency has made fatherhood and the more equal involvement of men in family life the subject of debate .
This was discussed by various working groups in the Council and the Permanent Intergovernmental Group L'Europe de l'enfance , which is made up of high-ranking officials with responsibility for child and family policy in the Member States .
During the Finnish presidential term , the Council has worked hard on the proposal to establish the DAFNE III Programme .
The aim is for Parliament and the Council to take a joint decision before the end of the year on the basis of political consensus reached on this in the December Council .
The Presidency is itself also responsible for several important initiatives relating to children and families .
Mr President , tax incentives can also be used to harmonise work with family life more successfully , but , as the honourable Member must know , the harmonisation of taxation at EU level is still rather limited .
With those families that are the target of active integration measures , children 's living conditions and their integration into a new European domicile must be a better and more fruitful option .
As I said in my original answer , the Commission has forwarded a communication on the promotion of children 's rights in the Union , and it also actually relates to nationals other than those who were born in the European Union .
Subject : Immigration strategies Given the scale of world-wide migratory movement , and the demographic and ageing problems of the countries of the European Union , what strategies does the Council intend to pursue in order to regulate immigration into Europe in the immediate future ?
At the same time , the programme states that it falls within the competence of the Member States to decide on numbers of legal immigrants .
In addition , the Commission will submit four separate proposals for a directive with reference to those groups of workers which the Member States generally need .
New instruments are intended to be developed for this in the next few years .
There will be five of them in all , and the first is this year 's European Year of Workers ' Mobility , to be followed next year by the European Year of Equal Opportunities for All .
The third instrument is the interactive information system on Member State measures in matters of asylum and immigration .
A newly allocated solidarity instrument within the framework of the financial perspectives for 2007-2013 , the European Fund for the Integration of Third-Country Nationals , will give a new boost to integration policy in the Member States .
Mr President , when before question time we were discussing the agenda for this week 's European Council , it was made very clear that the EU Heads of State or Government would also be discussing Union immigration policy this week .
With regard to the 'passerelle ' clause , to which the honourable Member refers , during a recent debate I described in detail how hard the Presidency had tried to make decision-making more efficient in justice and home affairs , but we did not succeed in this attempt .
Mr President , first of all we should remember that it falls exclusively within the Commission 's competence to make proposals for legislation , so the Council will not be working on this directive .
The question of the status of trained workers is just the sort of matter where a very global approach to the European Union 's immigration policy is required .
Accordingly , it is important that these very sensitive issues are also discussed at Union level , and that they are also discussed with our partners , as was the case at the two conferences between the European Union and Africa in the last six months , at which these questions , which are very multilateral in nature , were tackled .
We really should remember that proper account needs to be taken of the status of immigrants who have already resided in the European Union for a long time and who therefore have connections and roots where they now live .
It is the Commission 's task to ensure that any forms of discrimination referred to in Article 13 of the Treaty are addressed and dealt with impartially .
All stakeholders are to be included in these measures .
To achieve the aims of the European Year of Equal Opportunities for All , the action taken is to include various meetings and events , information , promotional and training campaigns , and Community or national surveys and studies .
With regard to the European Year for Intercultural Dialogue , I would like to say that the Commission submitted a proposal for a decision on it to the European Parliament and the Council in October last year .
The proposal for a decision states that the priority task for the Member States and the Commission is to implement the projects and events planned .
The main target should be youth .
The challenge is how to bring intercultural dialogue into schools and colleges , work , leisure , cultural and sports centres , and civil society organisations .
It is obviously important that there should be close scrutiny of everything that goes on next year and an endeavour to improve things to ensure that the European Year of Intercultural Dialogue is as successful as possible right from the start .
