as we know , it will not be possible this year to use the flexibility instrument in this chapter .
Of more immediate importance is the mandate for conciliation by Mr Costa Neves , and we publicly thank him for being prepared to hold dialogue and for seeking a consensus .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , to jointly debate the system of own resources and the next budget at the point of conciliation reinforces the idea that income and expenditure are two sides of the same coin .
The Member States ' contributions via the fourth resource or VAT must be proportionate with their contribution to the Community GDP as a key element of safeguarding the equity of the system .
Mr President , I should like to invite the House to support the report by my colleague , Maria Carrilho , which aims at improving a regulation which we consider important .
In other words , prosperity and stability so that all can live with dignity in their own lands .
Mr President , Mrs Frassoni is right when she says that today we are united on this matter , but twenty years ago we certainly were not .
Therefore , Mr President , I believe not only that we Europeans should proclaim our desire that the death penalty should be abolished , but that we have a right and a duty to interfere in the affairs of other countries so that they do the same .
We must also encourage the Community institutions and the European Union Member States to take our belief to its ultimate consequences - our belief , which without any doubt is reflected in all our legal systems , that the death penalty is against the law and is just as bad as other historical monstrosities , such as slavery .
In the Spanish press we have read an article which , I believe , is a good reflection of the feelings of this Parliament against the death penalty .
Our presence in the United Nations should also be used , as it always has been , to come out against the death penalty .
Furthermore , however , I should like to remind you that I was the rapporteur last year when we debated the trade , development and cooperation agreement with South Africa , and I do not remember from this debate that the European Union was over-generous with our contribution to increasing the South African government ' s ability to overcome all these major challenges .
The constant violation of human rights is also very worrying .
The scale of the disaster has affected infrastructure and economic development .
We hope that , based on these views - I repeat , regardless of what happens here - the Commission will go ahead .
Mr President , first of all I should like to congratulate Mr Busk , because he has done an excellent job .
Our group is going to support this report from the first line to the last .
With the review of the common fisheries policy , the Commission talks a lot about listening to those involved and consulting the industry and the administrations .
You and I are Members of Parliament .
Madam President , I believe that this amendment of the agenda resolves an issue which remained somewhat in stalemate at the Conference of Presidents .
I would also like to point out that my group proposed - and there is agreement on this in the Committee on Citizens ' Freedoms and Rights , Justice and Home Affairs - that , in relation to possible violations of the fundamental rights of European citizens and the management of public order during the summit , the Committee on Citizens ' Freedoms should produce a recommendation with a view above all to learning from past mistakes , in the light of the Laeken Summit .
Six people have died as victims of the unofficial dirty war that has already killed 66 other victims since 1977 .
Madam President , I am not absolutely sure whether this is a point of order , but it is a reply to a previous intervention .
The possibility of having a genuine European limited liability company is in line with the thinking which has led us to a European internal market , to a monetary union and to the last phase of the full use of the euro , which we are now approaching .
We have therefore also presented a series of amendments on behalf of the Liberal Group aimed at consolidating this key figure for the Economic and Monetary Union and we would very much like the Council to accept them .
If we take the Council ' s route , Parliament will be deprived of all legislative power .
Also important are the transitional period of three years , a high degree of uniformity in the application provisions of the regulation and the transposition of the directive , which would endorse the raison d ' être , facilitate the nature of the European company and help to create more Europe , to the benefit of companies , employment and consumers .
After so much drought we have this little drop of fresh water which , although it is still insufficient , is beginning to eradicate this terrible anguish which our citizens are also suffering .
Mr President , a few moments ago , when I spoke on the previous item on the agenda , I pointed out the definition of what we understood by a company and I stressed that a company , as an organisation , implies plurality and that a company consisting of a single person would not legally be classed as a company .
This is the content of the amendments I have presented and which the rapporteur has been kind enough to incorporate .
