From this point of view , the calls for better management of human resources , for investment in lifelong education and training are extremely important , and they must be heeded not only by the public authorities in these particular cases , but by all the social partners , particularly companies , because they have a major responsibility in this area .
Our report firmly states that convergence on different levels is a prior condition for long-term competitiveness in the regions , and that in years to come complementarity of the two policies will be necessary to reconcile effectiveness and solidarity .
The EU must urgently make it a point of honour to simplify procedures , such as implementation of technical assistance , with a view to preparation and execution of many projects our countries need .
( The request was granted . ) - Before the vote on Amendment 62 rapporteur . - ( FR ) Mr President , this was for a linguistic oral correction to Amendment 62 to remind the House that the reference is in French and that the term 'income ' in the English version has been retained .
The second lesson is that we need to encourage moderate parties in Israel and Palestine and give them our political support .
Speaking to the then Prime Minister , Mr Netanyahu , she said , ' You killed my daughter '.
Finally , I would again like to applaud the very valuable and efficient support given throughout by Eurostat to help produce a result that is now recognised as robust . on behalf of the PPE-DE Group . - ( FR ) Mr President , Mr President-in-Office , Mr President of the Commission , ladies and gentlemen , the European Council 's spring priority will be to encourage European growth and relaunch the Lisbon Strategy for 2008-2010 .
We can only maintain a competitive edge if our workforce has the right training .
This is not insignificant .
Here I welcome the announcement yesterday that Russia intends to provide the EU with essential means to assist troops on the ground on this kind of terrain .
The national authorities must explain more clearly to their populations the benefits of the reforms envisaged under the Lisbon Strategy .
Firstly , although we must welcome the fact that President Sarkozy is becoming increasingly vocal and is not excluding boycotting the Olympic Games , the attitude of his Foreign Affairs Minister is more than questionable .
One gas-fired power station emits between 300 and 400 kilograms of CO2 per megawatt-hour , a latest generation coal-fired power station emits 800 kilograms and a power station running on lignite emits 1 000 kilograms of CO2 .
In this report , at the level of the Member States I recommend private/public funding as well as the promotion of a regulatory and fiscal framework that favours cultural industries , and more specifically the application of tax credits and reduced rates of VAT to all cultural products , including online works .
The permission for a merger between Sony and BMG granted by the Commission totally contradicts the European policy to support SMEs in the music industry , which create more jobs than the large companies and represent 99 % of the market players and 80 % of innovation in this sector .
Firstly , the regulation should not apply to overseas territories of EU Member States .
Imagine the effort that will be needed for this , particularly in budgetary terms .
Fourthly and finally , the provisions in the report concerning the harmonisation of the deadlines for the discharge procedure should also give Parliament real control of the proper execution of the budget . on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group . - ( FR ) Mr President , we will support any move to eradicate racism and xenophobia , promote fundamental rights and , even more so , condemn unreservedly war crimes , crimes against humanity and crimes of genocide .
We have , of course , approved heartily of her being given this report , which she has drafted in a true spirit of consensus , for , as you will have noticed , we have tabled only one amendment , with which she is in agreement .
It is a good thing that citizens ' representatives are talking about these issues at a time when citizens themselves are demanding results from the European Union ; they often benefit from the EIB 's services without realising it .
For the Luxembourg regulatory body to play a stronger independent role , a genuine regulatory role , could also be a short-term solution .
I voted in favour of the report on organ donation and transplantation : Policy actions at EU level , presented by m Mr Adamou .
Finally , I support the idea of a European property authority .
I voted for discharge in respect of the implementation of the European Economic and Social Committee ( EESC ) budget for the financial year 2006 , based on the report by Mr Lundgren recommending that Parliament should grant discharge to the EESC 's Secretary-General .
I am also surprised by the recruitment difficulties mentioned in the Ombudsman 's 2006 annual report , especially in relation to qualified lawyers , due to the two successive waves of enlargement ( 2004 and 2007 ) , to staff turnover and to the difficulty in attracting and retaining candidates in Strasbourg with temporary contracts .
However , these measures , as positive as they are , will only bring temporary relief to the problem .
We should hang on to this 2 % , so that Europe is also involved in the development of agrochemicals for the future .
Commissioner , we have to take things in hand , we have to carry out the various studies needed so that no one can profit at the expense of the world