union of small islands that already exists under the name of the European Small Islands ' Network .
Their particular handicap necessitates support for development processes that can increase settlement and employment , that is to say the promotion of a year-round society on the small islands too .
First and foremost , it is important for the ferries serving the small islands to be exempted from the EU 's tendering requirements .
It is quite grotesque that , on the one hand , we should have a set of regulations that inflicts unnecessary expenditure upon the small islands and their lifeblood , while we , at the same time , talk about development aid for these areas .
It is a question of creating equal conditions .
Mr President , I hope that all my fellow MEPs are paying attention and listening to what is being said , for it is actually very important .
I nonetheless believe there are a number of things it is important to bear in mind .
The certificate must be a guarantor of the fact that the seafarer really has in actual fact undergone practical training .
Next , we must take a thorough look at the employment situation within the EU shipping industry .
We must also be able to guarantee that there is no social dumping from outside whereby European seafarers lose their jobs because of wage pressure .
I shall give an example of the way in which the subject we are discussing might have been significant in my own country .
It emerged that the crew members could not understand each other 's languages and could not therefore communicate .
All in all , a disaster for the whole area .
That is something we could have avoided by means of sensible rules , so I hope my fellow MEPs are paying attention .
That being said , they may well be able to read what is subsequently put down in the Minutes .
Only to the extent that we do in actual fact have the structural development funds should the very small islands too be given their place .
The June Movement is voting in favour of the report but would point out how grotesque it is that , at the same time as providing development aid , the EU is imposing upon the island societies , through its demands for tendering , a situation in which transport , which is absolutely crucial , is made unnecessarily more expensive .
Basically , the June Movement believes that the structural development funds should be phased out .
Their particular handicap necessitates support for development processes that can increase settlement and employment , that is to say the promotion of a year-round society on the small islands too .
Madam President , I often visit businesses and people on the border between Denmark and Germany and hear again and again about the problems of living on one side of the border and working on the other side .
It means , indeed , that many people do not even try to do so .
There are obviously linguistic barriers to taking up work on the other side of the border , but the different ways in which the tax and social security systems are set up are also of very great importance .
This has a role to play in creating part of the problem we experience .
Such reforms could also reduce the problems posed by the Danish social security system in relation to other countries ' systems .
We are concerned here with simplifying the coordination of the social security arrangements between the Member States , and there is a great need to simplify these very complex rules which , over the years , have become progressively more complex .
I am in favour of Parliament seeking to cooperate with the Council on these issues and seeking to work in tandem with it .
I believe it would be easier to get the reforms through before , rather than after , enlargement .
We must not , therefore , be so focused upon the ideal that we fail to obtain a workable solution right now .
We all know people who have run into difficulties because they have taken up work in two different countries , and it is therefore crucial to emphasise that people have not , as a matter of simple fact , been given the right promised to them since the Common Market was founded .
On the other hand , we must also acknowledge that there is probably no regulation that has been more demonised than this one .
I must of course deplore the fact that these people have not appeared in the House today to engage in this debate .
Neither practical experience nor calculations show that there would be hordes of people suddenly wanting to migrate .
This is emphasised by Amendments Nos 10 and 52 , in which we say that our countries can establish bilateral contacts - of the kind with which we are already familiar - and that we must talk to each other if someone runs into difficulties .
It is important for the Commissioners also today to emphasise at least three things in addition to what has been said in the House : firstly , that there is no question of harmonisation ; secondly , that we shall not accept any form of deterioration whatsoever and shall step in if we see the systems weakened ; and , thirdly , that we shall not accept unintended consequences and fraud .
A fourth thing also to emphasise , of course , is that we cannot accept , as a result of this proposal , any impairment of the schemes we already have .
I think that is very important .
I do not for a moment believe that migration will be on a sufficiently large scale