Nor should we forget that the countries of the western Balkans are not third countries , they are candidate countries for membership of the European Union and we must treat them as such .
This agency complies with the Commission 's decision on decentralisation and is exceptionally efficient in managing the project for which it is responsible .
I therefore propose , that not only should we leave these people in peace to get on with their job with the gusto and enthusiasm which they have shown so far , not only should we refrain from upsetting the modus operandi of the agency , although we should , of course , make it responsible for the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia and anywhere else it is needed , but we should also ask them to pass their know-how on to other committees whose work , as we all know , is so abysmal , so inefficient and brings in such poor results .
His symbolic presence here could open up prospects for the overall policy which we are pursuing .
That policy must come first or must at least move in parallel if it is to have political objectives .
If democracy is working properly , it will help the region to run smoothly .
The second issue which I would like to touch on concerns the strategy in the region .
It would be a good idea for Commissioner Patten , who has a great deal of experience - not to say wisdom - in managing international crises , to add to the visits which he has made to various regions of the Balkans by going to the headquarters of the Reconstruction Agency in Thessaloniki in order to see how this department works .
They create a framework for political initiatives which must be built up into new perceptions .
I should like to ask the services to correct this .
The Mediterranean countries which do not belong to the ÅU have to cope with particularly acute problems of economic development and regional inequalities are becoming more and more marked .
It cannot provide a stable basis for cooperation because it seeks to impose the ways of the strong on the weak and to serve the interests of huge monopolies rather than the interests of the people and workers of the countries in the region .
The attitude of the Member States of the EU towards immigrants from these and other countries , making many of them feel insecure and at risk of deportation , failing to grant them equal rights with other workers , and maintaining ghettos of second-class citizens and victims of a modern slave trade is a typical example of this conduct .
Finally , we should not forget that we are talking about a region in which the EU and ÍÁÔÏ bombarded Yugoslavia and in which the ÅU , with ÍÁÔÏ 's blessing , has conferred candidate status on Turkey , which is currently occupying 40 % of Cyprus and contesting Greece 's sovereign rights .
That is why the MEPs of the Communist Party of Greece have voted against it .
The so-called equal opportunities policy has not reversed women 's disproportionate share of unemployment , part-time employment and poverty , nor has it broken the glass ceilings of the centres of power .
The purpose of the text is to implement the more general policies of the ÅU and it clearly states that the policy of equality must promote the full integration of women into the "new economy " .
- ( EL ) The remit of the European Agency for Reconstruction should have been extended to the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia a long time ago and should not be linked to the internal changes in Yugoslavia .
Increase funding to this region , given that the European Union perpetrated and aided and abetted its destruction . 2.
- ( EL ) Despite its serious shortcomings , the Morillon report is clearly an improvement on the Commission proposal as far as the partnership between the European Union and Turkey is concerned .
However , the main drawback and shortcoming of the Morillon report is on the issue of Greek-Turkish relations .
As in the past , these gaps are being filled and the increase in the demand for better health services is being increasingly covered by subsidiary and voluntary supplementary health schemes set up by public - or private-sector agencies on a profit-making or non-profit-making basis .
I should like to end by stressing that the distinguished rapporteur , Mr Rocard , took extensive account of the scientific observations and many of the suggestions in my opinion .
On the one hand , when he says " solidarity" , he means it as a Socialist , but he does not want to take responsibility for protecting the social state and the health and welfare systems which are currently being attacked both by objective events and specific policies .
If supplementary insurance becomes the general rule , we shall simply end up increasing workers ' contributions ; but if we have selective supplementary insurance , we shall also have discrimination and that is something we wish to avoid .
In this sense , I think that , basically , we should await the Commission study on current systems as well as a Commission study on the American system and the schemes in operation in other countries because then we shall have a clearer picture of all this .
We see this proposal as a milestone in the understanding and analysis of , and fight against , this phenomenon , which is spreading and growing , which has struck every society in Europe , which is manifesting itself in new forms in response to economic and technological changes and in the face of which many governments are at a loss and are therefore dragging their feet in coming to terms with and dealing with the social problems resulting from these widespread changes .
We therefore attach huge importance to collaboration