Security Council resolution on the situation in Darfur , which refers for the first time to the International Criminal Court , makes us very hopeful .
Because the European Union’s action , Mr President , must be geared towards promoting these processes , stimulating them and providing incentives in order to ensure that human rights eventually take hold in every region of the world .
Within the context of the proliferation of the trade and association agreements that the Union is promoting , therefore , we must not allow human rights to become a lesser requirement , but rather they should be the very essence of those agreements .
Finally , the European Union must promote a series of binding regulations for companies in order to make them responsible for the possible negative impact of their activities on the environment , the social and employment situations of people and peoples and human rights in general .     Mr President , I agree with the view that this is the arduous story of an impossible report , which relates to an issue of increasing interest , both to the citizens and to the international bodies , and I would like to refer expressly to the position of the Secretary-General of the United Nations , Kofi Annan , in his report ‘ In larger freedom : towards development , security and human rights for all’ .
Mr President , I too would like , on behalf of the Commission – as Mr Schmit has just done on behalf of the Council — to congratulate the rapporteur and the European Parliament once again on this debate , which has demonstrated to those of us who have attended and participated in it the immensity of the challenges facing us today in terms of defending and protecting human rights in the world .
The failure to link quality and quantity in a government measure , a management measure , is something we cannot understand .
We must not forget that groundwater is the European Union 's most sensitive and important water resource and , in particular , it is the main source of public drinking water supply .
The smaller aquifers , such as those often found in many southern regions of Europe , particularly during dry seasons , reach higher salinity levels and hence greater concentrations of sulphate ; I would insist that this salinity is closely related to volumes of water , and this has not been taken into account in the report we are dealing with .
The domination of the European market by American films — with a share of around 75 % — the difficulties faced by European films in transcending the market of their country of origin — they only reach 10 % of the Community market — and the lethargy of film production , demand a thorough response .
Could you go into a little more depth — and you have already mentioned this — about the reciprocity of the two different negotiation processes ?
The delay in compliance with the commitments made in 1996 by means of codecision between Parliament and the Council , with regard to the funding of the trans-European transport networks , is a fact .
They have in fact become one of the principle sources of congestion and imbalance between modes of transport on the major routes’ .
I would like to end by mentioning the necessary flexibility and provision of additionalities at the different levels of funding , both at Community level and at national and regional level , both public and private , including the possible synergies between transport networks and energy networks .     .
Madam President , thank you very much , Commissioner , for your kind words , not just about my report , but also about the joint work carried out by all members of this Parliament’s Committee on Employment and Social Affairs .
We all know that this is the key point and that the question of whether or not our agenda is in line with the agenda and concerns of the citizens will depend precisely upon our reaffirming the European social model .
Because it contravenes the Charter of Fundamental Rights and our Constitutional Treaty , Article 91 of which lays down the obligation for a high quality of life in work and a restriction of working days .
On-call time is working time , because workers cannot use their time freely and they have to be in the places dictated by the employer .
Mr President , I would like to begin by thanking both the Commission and the Council and all the other Members of this House for having accepted the invitation to deal once again with this issue — the scourge of small arms in the world .
It is still necessary , however , to develop and implement general recommendations .
This commitment — which we all have an interest in making — is demonstrated by two areas of work : firstly , to put an end to the lack of control of the arms trade and , in this regard , we must insist on the need for mechanisms allowing for control from the point at which the weapon is manufactured until the point it is used , that is to say , we must achieve international control .
I believe him to be an absolutely ideal person to carry out the duties being entrusted to him and , therefore , although , as I have said , we do not participate in a formal manner , we will be extremely pleased if Parliament supports this appointment , just as the Ecofin Council did .
Mr President , I am extremely pleased with the draft report to be put to the vote tomorrow in this Parliament , because it takes up — with some amendments , it is true — each and every measure I proposed in the initial draft .
