to the impotence that America is trying to impose on us .
There is also demand for an "airbag information campaign " to warn against transporting children in seats when the air bag is activated .
" Smart " airbags might be a solution .
The fragmented legislation in the Member States cannot be tackled by the implementation of a uniform Regulation at community level .
Someone who loses his job there must take a job thousands of kilometres away , often an insecure job that pays worse than the previous one .
During that debate , we defined our set of values and our beliefs , and we have also entered into a dialogue with our American friends on many occasions .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the Council has been too quick off the mark .
It is thus not only beneficial to launch dissuasion campaigns against the trafficking in human beings in all those countries of origin , poverty must also be addressed .
Any hesitation or weakening in the policy should therefore be firmly nipped in the bud .
It is a form of slavery which , however , mainly affects women , as Mrs Fraisse has already stated .
I would therefore call for periodic reports from the Council and the Commission to this Parliament , so that we can keep a finger on the pulse and can highlight in good time the need to intensify that policy .
Virtual child pornography , pornographic texts and misleading images may be products of an unspeakable fantasy , but cannot be equated with the actual abuse of a child .
It is high time that animals were no longer adapted to suit their environment , but the environment to suit the animals .
In my view , four hours , or 250 km , are the maximum .
This may not always be obvious in the case of people , but in the case of animals , I would say that that is a matter of fact .
It is really beyond me why slaughter cannot take place prior to transport instead of afterwards .
It must be the ultimate in bureaucracy for meat from animals vaccinated against foot-and-mouth from outside the EU to be allowed on the internal market , but for that from within the EU not to be permitted .
For that reason , Parliament is very likely this week to make the directive on the welfare of pigs stricter but , at the same time , to present an initiative proposal on animal transport in September .
You stated that you need to monitor this long-haul transport in the Member States .
At first glance , the answer is no .
The public and private sectors are both crucial in this .
First of all , because this will only benefit a minority and an ever richer elite .
It is evident that the cultural heritage of the country visited suffered damaged as a result of that .
We should not only restrict our catchment area to Europe , but should involve the entire world via the United Nations .
These two elements , the clash between the two value systems , and the position of President Bush and his visit to Europe this week , are not mentioned in the Minutes in this connection .
I would like to see these included .
The title has been made more specific : the European Food Authority is now the European Food Safety Authority .
That means that the European authority may only be financed by means of Community funding .
However , as a result of recent food crises , the European consumer has lost faith in food .
As the problem lies with food production , that is where the solution should be found .
However , exports of a kind which increase food safety in those countries should be permitted .
Under these conditions , there is no need for all Member States to be on the food authority ' s Management Board .
Mr President , I am referring to the proposals as being "long-awaited " .
The Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Policy has tightened up the proposal , with good reason .
With regard to risk analysis and deciding what is and is not safe , we will have a better scientific basis for solutions .
Mr President , I should first of all like to congratulate Mr Whitehead warmly on what turned out to be an excellent report .
We must guarantee that food imported from third countries is just as safe as food produced over here , but food safety must not be a cover for protectionism .
Animal welfare should also be brought into the equation , and the quality of our production methods must improve .
The consumer has lost a great deal of confidence .
Since 4 December 2000 , a total ban has been in place on feeding farm animals animal protein .
We must be certain that the regulation works , that fraud is practically ruled out and that the sector has drawn the necessary lessons from the crisis .
If we want to see the impact of these measures , the Member States will also need to closely monitor compliance with them .
The Council of Environment Ministers only wishes to provide an interim solution to the problem of summer smog by 2010 .
( NL ) The crimes of Marc Dutroux in Belgium and similar atrocities elsewhere have been waiting for a response for years .
That part of their objectives will not receive my support .
I welcome the fact that the proposal draws a distinction between the granting of humanitarian aid to people without the required paperwork and trafficking in human beings , that a compensation fund will be set up for victims , which is to be financed from confiscated , illegal profits , and that victims and witnesses are to be protected