measures have been announced but we have received no plans giving detailed and concrete proposals and their financial impact .
In Austria , the National Assembly observed one minute 's silence for the victims .
I said that this committee is the right forum for deciding the appropriate steps to take .
We have not yet started the debate and , if I have understood you correctly , we have just fixed the agenda .
For Turkey it is not just a question of humanity , it is also a question of political wisdom that it conducts at least these proceedings in an objective , fair and public manner .
We must also very strongly condemn the acts of violence committed by PKK fighters throughout Europe .
Thirdly , he said : South Africa has rejected any amendment of the agreement out of hand .
Any move to eliminate competition is dangerous on principle .
So this report confines itself to the question of Turkey 's participation in the education and training programmes .
Let me also emphasise again that we will seek fair participation of minorities and especially Kurds when we carry out the programmes .
My group is also in favour of extending the Youth for Europe programme to Turkey , although this decision has nothing to do with our everyday political relations with Turkey or with our serious reservations about certain domestic conditions in Turkey .
We support this report , perhaps also because we believe that there should be no abstentions when it comes to human rights questions .
We also achieved one small thing that was important for many in the Comenius programme , namely that where necessary , exchanges of pupils can also be arranged in the framework of Comenius .
That is why I hope the Council will agree that given the length of the programmes we should carry out a mid-term review , but a serious one , not just a piece of paper !
Applause
That will promote cross-frontier activities and the creation of bilingual areas , as for instance in the region where I come from .
One major building block on the way to creating a Europe of knowledge is the Socrates programme for general education , as Leonardo is for vocational training .
It is here that the European Union has a special responsibility to make sure that our young people learn the languages of their Central and Eastern European neighbours , for economic but even more for cultural reasons , for reasons of European policy .
Another innovation is that we now have a training programme with a female name , in the form of the Minerva education and multi-media technology programme , another successful proposal by Doris Pack .
In fact , I no longer tend to receive applications or receive fewer and fewer applications from good , young candidates with linguistic knowledge , who are committed , who are prepared to make their contribution but who have not already had one or two previous study opportunities in the course of their curriculum vitae .
Excise duties on tobacco are a significant source of revenue for the Member States , varying from 0.4 % of GNP to 1.6 % of GNP in Greece , for example .
But we have also asked the Commission to present an interim report by 30 June 2000 on the subject of public health and in particular on the problem of tax fraud , and I should like to underline that point .
They only affect one per cent , which is precisely the share of the market that is still in the hands of small and medium-sized businesses .
The Americans , the Japanese , the Canadians and many other peoples in this world would rub their eyes in disbelief to see the German Association of the Chemical Industry citing legal uncertainty .
You will have to give up this position , and so will the Commission .
Going it alone at a national level is clearly not an option in this case , and it is equally clear that we need to adapt our rules to those laid down in the Convention establishing the World Intellectual Property Organisation .
I do wish to emphasise , however , that this should not detract from our general approval of the report .
My one wish is that the convincing words of both the communication and the report can be turned into action .
It deals first and foremost with the question of the legislative procedures to be applied when the labelling provisions are laid down .
There are no differences of opinion in Parliament on that principle .
I do not believe that consumers would ever enquire whether a beverage comes under the common organisation of agricultural markets or under other areas of the single market .
After all , wine is mentioned in the Bible , and that is certainly something !
We certainly have no problem with that .
But that should then apply to all products .
That is no more a subject for this debate than the GMO problem - the honourable Member who raised the question of genetically modified organisms has left already .
Let me begin by telling you what the Commission has been doing .
The data are not linked to particular time intervals and will therefore not be affected by the millennium bug.
So we think that the existing legal rules , together with the information that suppliers are being given , will be enough to deal with the problem in legal terms .
I think it is quite clear that the social partners ' right to make appointments is an important element of their independence , but it is also our job to ensure representativeness and efficiency .
We can trace it back to the time of Christ , who performed his first miracle when he turned water into wine