have our own strategic airlift then we already have a tried and tested ally in the United States - and in this context I am sure that Mr Oostlander has no desire for Russia to supplant the United States as a strategic partner for Europe .
We must work in the closest possible harmony with the United States in our dealings with Russia and certainly must not give Russia the impression that there are divisions to be exploited .
This would be in no one 's interests .
Secondly , we must take great care to ensure diversity of production and supply in terms of energy .
Already some 40 % of natural gas supply for the EU comes from Russia , and an increasing proportion of oil imports now come from the CIS countries , where known reserves are larger than those in the United States and North Sea combined .
Many of the transit routes for these are through areas of great conflict .
It is in our interests to do all we can to help stabilise that region by economic and political means , ensuring that we do nothing to encourage or sustain instability in the Caucasus and the southern regions of Russia .
Could the President-in-Office agree that there can be substantial benefits for the environment , human health , developing countries and European science and business from GMO crops ?
Is there a risk that Europe could miss out on the benefits if we respond to hysteria rather than to scientific fact ?
The Lisbon Summit declared that the European Union was to be the most dynamic and competitive knowledge-based economy in the world .
Is the Council prepared to give a lead by championing the biotech industry with a faster rate of field trials and product approvals by the Member States ?
This is quite unsatisfactory .
That is what Question Time is about !
We have a question , we are entitled to ask a supplementary question and we certainly expect to have a proper response from the Council of Ministers .
That is why we have come here .
Mr President , I hope you will remonstrate with the Council .
Last month when I asked a supplementary question in Question Time , this President-in-Office simply avoided giving me a supplementary by saying : " I can only repeat my previous answer " and reading out the previous answer again .
This time I will give him a chance not to read out the previous answer but ask him for an undertaking and an agreement .
Does the President-in-Office agree that there should be no decision made on this proposal until there has been a full impact assessment of the effect on the Union , the ACP countries and the LDC countries ?
Yes or no ?
I should like to repeat a question which I asked Mr Moscovici last week in plenary .
Perhaps he had too many questions to deal with to be able to answer me then .
Perhaps you could answer me in these more intimate surroundings this evening .
It is about the role of the European Parliament 's in-trade policy , which is the spirit of Mr Newton Dunn 's question .
Do you think that it will be possible for you , me or anybody in Europe to advocate greater transparency and accountability in the WTO in-trade policy as long as this place has no formal and serious role in scrutinising and vetting trade policy decisions taken by the Council of Ministers and the European Commission ?
To cite my dear friend , Mr Newton Dunn , perhaps the best way to answer this is : yes or no .
You mentioned the Cotonou Agreement .
Are you aware that the Cotonou Agreement also expresses a commitment to undertaking impact studies which might affect non-LDC countries as well as to have consultation ?
Neither of those two things has happened .
It is not good enough to have consultation after the events .
Are you aware that apart from sugar producers in Europe , concerns are being expressed , especially by countries that are commodity-dependent - particularly in the Caribbean - on sugar , bananas and rice , as you have mentioned ?
My understanding is that the services were told two days ago that I would be taking over the question for Mrs McKenna because we knew then that she would have to go back to Dublin on urgent business .
Question No 10 by (H-0892/00 ) : Subject : UN special session on children The UN General Assembly 's Special Session on Children , in September 2001 , will discuss the situation of children world-wide , and consider adopting a new plan of action to make children 's rights a reality across the world .
Would the Council outline its policy priorities for the UN General Assembly Special Session on Children ?
Does the Council intend to consult widely with civil society organisations , as requested by the UN Secretary-General , in the setting of its future policy priorities for children , both within the European Union and in the developing world ?
We can congratulate the French presidency on taking this initiative to prepare for the UN special session .
You obviously have made a commitment to involving civil society .
Will you also make a commitment to actually consulting children , since the events involve them ?
I hope that their views will also be sought in the months ahead .
Secondly , it is also the case that while many Member States are very active on the issue of children 's rights it is actually much more difficult in a European Union context to be as proactive .
What progress do you think we might make in securing a legal base for the European Union 's work with children and the promotion of children 's rights ?
