Secondly , we put unlimited trust in the political leadership and in economic processes which have already been rightly described by Mr Swoboda and Mr Barón Crespo as savage liberalism and speculation dressed up as the construction of a market economy .
The strange thing is , Mr President - and this has been echoed here in the House - that today Japan and the Asian tigers are indeed looking a little mangy alongside the fact that China is supporting its own currency and not devaluing .
The same view emerged at the Luxembourg European Council .
Let us establish the true facts : firstly , the population of Kosovo is under attack from a criminal known as Slobodan Milosevic ; ethnic cleansing is being perpetrated by a criminal who goes by the name of Milosevic and wishes to rid Kosovo of its Albanian population , which - as is well known - holds 90 % of the area .
The tragedy is worsening .
All of this compounds the already grave situation in Bosnia and the earlier , similar policy of ethnic cleansing pursued by the leaders in Belgrade .
Madam President-inOffice , Mr van den Broek , 250 000 refugees is a sufficiently high number to warrant intervention beyond fact-finding missions or beyond the 'plastic surgery ' type of operation we have seen in the past few years .
We must go straight to the heart of the matter .
Currently , there are already 250 000 Kosovar refugees .
Mr President , it did not take much political acumen to realise that the desperate situation in Kosovo would have a negative and destabilising effect , as has happened in the entire area and in Albania .
One might agree , but how in practice can pressure be exerted ?
Surely the efficiency of Parliament 's work would not be impaired if we were to run a few minutes behind schedule - especially as there has already been a good deal of slippage today .
The purpose of the measure before us is to eliminate double taxation between associated companies of different Member States in the single market .
Mr President , I should like here and now to express my opposition to four amendments tabled by the Green Group : No 7 is superfluous and open to misinterpretation , No 8 repeats ideas already contained in Amendment Nos 1 and 3 by the Committee on Economic Affairs , No 9 is better worded in our Amendment No 4 and , finally , No 10 seems to me contradictory , in that it grants the Member States two additional years to implement the directive .
The fiscal requirements of certain economic and social sectors , especially in respect of VAT , must be taken into account and paid greater attention in this and the forthcoming proposals for directives .
Added to this is the difficulty of obtaining loans .
First of all I wish to thank the Commissioner , Mr Papoutsis , for his commitment to this sector , which he has again demonstrated by finding legal instruments to regulate late payment .
In the absence of a written contract , we think that payment should be made at the latest 21 days from the invoice date ; this would apply only when the payment period is not laid down in the contract .
I thank the Commissioner and hope that tomorrow , when it comes to the vote , colleagues will bear in mind the points raised by Mr Harrison in his report , but will uphold freedom of contract as a fundamental element in the conduct of business .
I should also like to emphasise the most important problem raised in the report , namely payments by public institutions .
There is just one positive aspect to this picture of gloom : for the first time in history it has not occurred to anyone to suggest the traditional expedient of reducing male unemployment by sending women back home .
The reason is that the growing supply of female labour is offset by an accelerating decline in the demand for both male and female workers in private firms and public institutions .
The second contradiction is that , whereas female employment is increasing , the increase is primarily in part-time , insecure and fixed-term jobs .
The same can be said of vocational training , which does not lead to significant levels of female employment when it is targeted at sectors already dominated by women , nor even , sometimes , when targeted at sectors dominated by men , if these sectors are themselves contracting .
Finally , let me stress that it is absolutely scandalous that , on the threshold of the millennium , despite national regulations and laws , and despite clear provisions in the Treaty , there still exists an enormous pay differential in women 's disfavour .
If it were governed by legislation and extended to the professions , part-time work could solve the problem of unemployment as long as it was offered on a voluntary basis .
Therefore it is necessary above all else to start working with young children so that they are imbued with this culture of equality .
I myself believe that the European Union is duty-bound to spread these new ideas , and that the conference to be held next week in Brussels is a significant move , certain to raise the profile of what is going on in this sector .
Furthermore , cooperatives have been flexible in their work organisation , in respect of both working hours and personal time : such flexibility , importantly , is not a factor of marginalisation because , generally speaking , cooperatives are organised with full involvement of their members .
As far