wish to say that I have tabled a few amendments solely with the purpose of clarifying the text and make its tone more balanced . on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group . - ( FI ) Madam President , many thanks to Riitta Myller for her excellent report and for her cooperation .
The unpleasant truth is that our society is constructed to work in a way that is unsustainable .
If everyone on earth consumed resources the way Europeans do , we would need four earths to produce the necessary resources .
I hope that the wake-up call that is now on its way thanks to climate policy will result in a more comprehensive reassessment of our lifestyle and production habits . rapporteur . - ( FI ) Madam President , I wish to thank everyone who took part in the debate and the Commissioner .
This report , which hopefully will be adopted tomorrow with a large majority , indicates areas where improvements are still needed at European level , and it mentions very largely the same remedies as those proposed in the Commissioner 's speech .
If we establish such ambitious policies in the other areas , then surely we will succeed .
In other words , it would not disappear from the text .
The voting list also has Amendment 8 replaced with Amendment 14 .
Rapporteur . - ( FI ) Mr President , the voting list also has Amendment 8 replaced with Amendment 14 .
Some are even threatened with stoning .
It is also worrying that Iran has still not ratified the UN Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women .
The question arises as to whether Iran 's decision-makers and authorities believe that politically active women who are critical of the system pose a real threat to Iranian society .
These persistent and courageous women represent a huge force for change .
Firstly , the humanitarian crisis is widespread and for a long time now the aid organisations there have been sending back reports about the growing numbers of internal refugees .
Supporters of the political opposition have been threatened and have disappeared .
Just as important , however , is the need to invest time and effort in the children of Chad and their future by trying hard to prevent them from being recruited into armed gangs of insurgents and investing in their basic education , which could include human rights studies , for example . on behalf of the ALDE Group . - ( FI ) Mr President , first I wish to thank the rapporteur , Mr Mavrommatis , for his excellent work and commitment to this report .
Furthermore , there is a crucial link between sport , exercise and public health .
Current problems we have in Europe that we are trying to control are metabolic syndrome , type II diabetes and obesity .
Secondly , we need to realise that it is important for the European Sport for All policy to retain national gambling systems .
This needs to be taken into consideration in the future .
We have to move on from words to deeds , and that also holds true for sport .
In a spirit of consensus we have noted the Commission 's laudable efforts to highlight consumer issues in all areas of policy .
This continent will not be able to compete in global markets unless it can compete in its own internal market .
A viable internal market requires action to boost consumer confidence .
It is about the possibility of consumers having the tools to pursue compensation if something goes wrong .
At least there seems to be broad consensus among us in Europe on what sort of system it should not be .
This way , how justice is dispensed would not so much focus on the penalty but on obtaining justice for the consumer .
Collective redress systems would therefore not give consumers new rights , but would ensure that their present rights can be exploited to the full .
The reason suggested is that the Commission has already promised to start drafting proposals on it .
I have proposed that the Commission looks into whether it would be useful to establish a post of Consumer Ombudsman reporting to the Commission , who would specifically deal with cross-border cases .
Draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs . - Mr President , I would like to welcome the Commission communication , as well as the report of Mr Lehtinen as both are overall very balanced pieces of work .
EU-wide competition brings prices down and increases quality and consumer choice .
The EU-wide access to consumers to these choices must be asserted .
Therefore , the consistent implementation of existing directives regarding the internal market is of paramount importance .
This is especially pressing as democratic developments are making best possible investment services increasingly relevant to all .
This is linked to functioning financial markets and conditioned by the development of payment systems , but it is also important to practically all aspects of the internal market as the internet offers a real European marketplace .
Mrs Kauppi mentioned financial services .
The growing area of cross-border banking , insurance sales and wealth management which has some very sophisticated instruments is a growing problem .
So I think that in this area we need a cross-border collective redress system as well , because it will make financial institutions more responsible and careful when they explain the rights and risks to the customer .
The words 'as appropriate ' have not been properly translated into French .
These negotiations with Croatia are progressing well overall .
The Commission has assessed the benchmarks as being met in seven of these 11 cases .
In these cases our recommendations are now under discussion among the Member States in the Council or negotiation positions are being prepared .
