going to be needed to stabilise relations between the new Taiwanese government and the People 's Republic of China .
All interested parties should note that political stability must be in place before key economic developments can take place , and I wish all the participants in the conference in Seoul this month every success .
Mrs Randzio-Plath suggested that there should be greater focus and emphasis on the European-Asian parliamentary dialogue .
As Chairman of this Parliament 's delegation for relations with the countries of South Asia I would very much welcome that .
It is not sufficient that we only meet once every five or six years for a Parliamentary dialogue between the representatives of this Parliament and the representatives of India , Nepal , Pakistan , Sri Lanka , Bangladesh and Butan - these are just countries covered by the particular delegation that I happen to be Chairman of .
I would appeal to Mrs Randzio-Plath , who has a strong input in the Budgetary Committee , to help provide the finances to enable this delegation - and others where such a step would be meaningful - to increase the frequency of these meetings .
Mr President , I thank Commissioner Solbes for his statement .
I sometimes feel that Asia , ASEAN and ASEM are the Cinderellas of Europe 's foreign relations , receiving far less attention than they deserve on issues of industrial economic , financial , political and security matters .
I welcome the promise that we have here to change that situation .
I am not sure about the proposal for exchanging politicians - who would we get in exchange for Mr Haider and Mr Le Pen ?
There are three main points I would like to make .
Firstly , events in Seattle and Prague show that it is no longer possible for many of the key global issues to be negotiated behind closed doors by small groups isolated from daily life .
I welcome the parallel ASEM People 's Summit 2000 and the proposal in the compromise text that this should be institutionalised for future ASEM meetings .
I also welcome the proposal for the re-establishment of the joint parliamentary meetings of MPs from the ASEM member countries .
Secondly , like Mrs Maij-Weggen , I want to talk about Burma .
I am very pleased that , while Burma is a member of ASEAN , it is not a member of ASEM and in the past ASEM has called for the restoration of democracy in that sad country .
We continue to hope that the military regime in Burma will eventually recognise that the only way forward is by dialogue with Aung San Suu Kyi rather than by confrontation .
We hope that the Member States will continue to monitor that .
Thirdly , this summit is being held on the Korean peninsula in Seoul .
We have seen a historic breakthrough as vital as the ones we have seen in the past in Northern Ireland and in the Middle East , with Kim Dae-jung and Kim Jong-il having the political courage to hold the first summit in this sadly divided peninsula .
Yet we have seen recently in both Northern Ireland and the Middle East how fragile these peace initiatives can be .
We urge the Commission , the Council and the ASEM member states , both from Asia and from Europe , to do what they can economically and politically to aid and assist this process further .
Europe can play an important role as honest broker .
Mr President , I broadly welcome this proposal because it completes the former directive , it helps to avoid unfair competition and it takes account of safety issues .
But we are concerned because we would prefer to be making progress on more environmentally-friendly forms of transport , such as railways , rather than continuing to increase road capacity .
As far as the amendments are concerned , we support the transitional periods for buses still running , that is , Amendment No 1 , and also for industry , to enable industry to comply with the new conditions .
I would say to Mr Hatzidakis that the 24 months for industry is less than was allowed in the original 1996 directive when the transitional period was four years .
This time , industry is happy with two years .
They do not have to take it up , it is there in case they require that amount of time .
In addition , we are in favour of the proposal to keep buses of more than 12 , but less than 15 , metres with two axles , still serving public transport in some Member States , since this does not , as far as we are concerned , jeopardise safety .
Finally , we strongly support the Commission 's position on Article 1.3b which corresponds to Annex 1.1 , 1.4 and 1.5 of the 1996 directive .
We believe this is the best guarantee for safety .
The PSE Group does not support Amendment No 3 , as the proposed new test does not ensure proper manoeuvrability and does not therefore fully meet acceptable safety requirements .
Madam President , the decision of the Danish people on 28 September on participation in the European currency regime will undoubtedly figure at the Biarritz European Council meeting .
EU Member State governments must now seriously reflect on what has happened in Denmark .
The Danish decision comes two months before EU leaders are to meet in Nice to reform existing EU treaties and policies .
I support the enlargement of the European Union .
It will help consolidate democratic and civil structures in eastern and central Europe , expand market economies and help build a European continent at peace with itself .
However , EU Member State governments face difficult choices .
