we are now all aware of it .
And thirdly , the majority of PVC is reused or recycled and it would therefore be particularly illogical to move away from the Commission 's horizontal approach in this respect .
The fact remains that we are faced with a situation in which the United States has unilaterally decided to publish a list of European products which it intends to sanction by raising customs duties to 100 % if the EU does not amend its new banana import regime .
It could also facilitate the re-election of the rabble-rousers and those behind the disastrous situation in which the peace process now finds itself .
That brings us to a question I raised in this very House on an article in The Sunday Times , which I actually thought was a hoax .
I will conclude by saying that it is extremely worrying to see that some people are trying to postpone this cooperation .
Mr President , Commissioner , rapporteur , ladies and gentlemen , as the chairman of the Delegation for relations with Israel , I would like to welcome the fact that our colleague Mrs Quisthoudt-Rowohl has proposed that the new scientific and technical cooperation agreement between the European Union and the State of Israel be approved .
As has just been mentioned , it has led to around 350 joint projects and these have produced results that are already visible .
Nevertheless , certain Member States are reluctant to bring this to a rapid conclusion and link the approval of the agreement to the progress of the peace process in the Middle East .
However , as regards the measures contained in this agreement , given that the peace process is facing certain obstacles , we cannot add to those problems by suspending cooperation with a scientific community that is among the most brilliant in the world .
I would like to mention here the principle of subsidiarity .
As regards the promotion measures , the Commissioner stated that they would be subject to a horizontal regulation , that is , one that is valid for all so-called quality agricultural and food products .
At the centre of our concerns is the desire to clearly affirm that wine is an agricultural product and not an industrial one .
We can only hope that the Council , which is the only European institution that has real democratic legitimacy , will be able to resist the pressure from the Commission .
The single currency is in itself a unifying and rigid principle , something our Liberal friends seem to have realised a little too late .
All of these measures , including the variable geometry which will make decisions on European cooperation more flexible , will strengthen the link between Europe and its nations .
Let us not be mistaken , all of this comes under a strategy for world domination , since people are being deprived of the ability to feed themselves .
Fourth , some high risk GMOs have not been banned with sufficient force .
It takes 15 years for experiments to be carried out on medicines before they can be placed on the market .
Madam President , during December 's part-session , the American delegation led by Angela Davis , who had come to prevent Mumia Abu-Jamal from being executed , alerted us to the fate of Leonard Peltier .
The first concerns the procedures used that resulted in Leonard Peltier 's sentence , and the second concerns the prison authorities ' refusal to let him receive the appropriate medical treatment .
I propose that after the words 'regional integration' , we add 'through the abolition a priori of the principle of non-reciprocity in ACP/OCT/UPR relations as soon as the new EU/ACP general agreement enters into force ' , so as to provide us with a better understanding of the amendment .
We wished also to indicate Parliament 's fundamental disapproval of unilateral measures and deplore in no uncertain terms the USA 's declared intention to apply Section 301 and 'super 301' , the spectre of which we were told had been banished for ever thanks to the Marrakesh agreements .
We shall vote in favour of them .
I am thinking of the USA and Japan .
There is no apparent will to do this , and that must be deplored .
For more than two decades , the only means of expression open to the Kurdish people living in Turkey , Iraq , Iran and Syria has been violence .
The very least we can say is that Italy hesitated too long instead of choosing the only route which might have prevented what happened subsequently . Öcalan is in Turkey , yet everyone said this was the last place he should go .
Therefore , on behalf of my group , I must ask you , Mr President-in-Office , to intervene in order to ensure that the Council urgently gives the go-ahead to an agreement which can only serve to help South Africa develop .
This is a long-standing trade union demand .
These include the need to reduce working time without cutting wages , the development of social dialogue and the principle of social non-regression , so that progress for some does not lead to a backward step for others .
However , this will not happen and so we must decide what to do .
For this reason , the members of our group are to vote freely and according to their consciences on this report .
Socrates brings genuine European added value to the national dimension of our education systems as it encourages the learning of European languages and the study of other cultures all around us .
You will remember that we had an opportunity during the sitting on 5 November to discuss three proposals on the Socrates , Leonardo and Youth for Europe programmes .
