message and I also agree with what was said about social cohesion , but I should like to warn against the idea that cohesion of that kind can be created by riding roughshod over the individual countries in an attempt to create uniformity .
We have our own approach in Denmark , as Jens-Peter Bonde emphasised , and other countries have theirs , as has also been mentioned .
What is crucial is that the individual Member States and the EU should respect the fact that there can be different methods of solving the problems concerned .
I hope , rather , that we shall have negotiations in which each country is accorded equal status and thus arrive at results we call all support .
We must never for a moment forget that our greatest task in Europe is a healing one .
I want to end by saying that social cohesion is to be created both in the individual countries and in Europe as a whole , but that this will not be achieved if the individual countries do not continue to be cohesive within themselves for many years to come .
Mr President , Mr Prodi' s Commission will not last for five years because people will not , in the longer term , put up with detailed regulation from Brussels .
That is often the case with historical new departures .
The fundamental paradox is that the Union identifies itself as being more and more democratic , at the same time as democracy is being quite systematically cut back in our countries .
One day , the voters will echo the remark of the little boy in Hans Christian Andersen' s tale , ' The Emperor ' s New Clothes ' , ' Yes , but he is not wearing anything ' .
Last month , Mr Prodi talked of a radical decentralisation of the Union ' s activities .
It is Orwellian to a T. Under the heading of 'decentralisation ' , centralisation is taking place .
Under the heading of 'greater transparency ' , the Commission is proposing an arrangement through which documents that are at present available for public inspection will be locked away .
We were to be able to have access to any document , once the Commission had given it to others .
We should no longer have to sit in the committee rooms looking at the students from the Permanent Representations , in possession of documents to which we ourselves have no access .
It is fundamental to a democracy that the executive should serve the electorate and the electorate ' s representatives .
The elected representatives of the people are awarded monopolies on power , while fundamental documents from the decision-making process are kept secret .
At the Conference of the Presidents , we decided to summon the ombudsman and Mr Prodi to a discussion concerning transparency .
I hope that Mr Prodi will say : ' I am sorry , I was not aware that my officials were doing the opposite of what I had promised .
Here is my signature to the transparency that was promised ' .
I am very much in favour of clear labelling .
On the other hand , I do not think that it can , or ought to be , implied that chocolate in which , for example , shea nuts are used as vegetable fat is necessarily of poorer quality than chocolate in which the vegetable fat used is cocoa butter .
We must not forget that shea nuts are just as essential to the countries which export them as cocoa is to the cocoa-exporting countries .
What , for me , is most important of all is that there must be no enzymatic or genetic modifications to the vegetable fat in chocolate .
A ban of this kind is the only means through which we can give developing countries a guarantee that they can go on at all exporting the goods which they produce by natural means .
In that way , a loophole has appeared in connection with fundamental rights , and this loophole should , of course , be closed .
The EU is faced with a number of choices .
Are we exclusively to look after ourselves and our own ?
The EU must not start competing with the existing authorities for resolving disputes , such as the Court of Human Rights here in Strasbourg .
In my view , the EU' s Court of Justice should therefore be kept away from the project concerning fundamental rights .
In that way , the EU would reinforce the existing conventions , and that is something there is a need for .
Mr President , I have to say that I am most impressed by the principles which the Commissioner has set out .
At the same time , I have to conclude that , if the Commission wants to adhere to these three good principles , then it must , at some point or another , disagree with the note which the Presidency has submitted .
I have difficulty in seeing what the justification is for this on the basis of the three principles which have been laid down and which have been emphasised by the Commission .
I discovered this yesterday evening and notified DG1 of the fact this morning .
I then asked for this to be corrected .
I should like to say that I think this is completely unacceptable .
They have had more than 12 hours in which to correct the amendments concerned .
I feel very put out that these have been made publicly available with wrong information about who the movers of the motion are .
We know that waste incineration is a very difficult and highly technical area , but I think that a creditable piece of work has been done in connection with this report .
