Mr President , in the Commission document on relations between the European Union and the ACP countries I found an excellent definition of good governance : ' Good governance refers to the transparent and accountable management of all a country 's resources ' .
The Union 's policy on this in all areas of the world must be based on clear criteria .
The market share held by renewable energy also needs to increase dramatically , and European firms must use the lead that they have gained in this field to promote exports .
Mr President , we have talked about implementation of the nitrates directive on a number of occasions already .
The European industry is fragmented and is losing the competition war to our American rivals .
The issues here are not just the industry , but the legislation too .
We want arms where they are absolutely essential .
Airborne surveillance of illegal fuel dumping by tankers in the North Sea is a good example of how the military can be used to good effect .
My group will wait to see what happens to those , and we shall then decide whether to support this report or not .
They are playing games with the rest of the world - games which do not sit well with the comprehensive partnership envisaged by the Commission .
Constructive dialogue has to result in progress .
I would like to hear how Sir Leon Brittan sees this turnaround on democracy and human rights .
That society can only develop if it takes into account pluriformity , human rights and political opposition .
That is the road ahead as the example of Russia has indicated .
I must compliment the rapporteur , Mrs Riis-Jørgensen , on the work she has done .
I do not necessarily expect an answer here and now , but perhaps a written reply ?
Our regional policy is too slow to react to change .
I think it is fair to say that the Union has done what it could , and I warmly congratulate Commissioner Bjerregaard on her hard work and determination .
The positions of the Union and the USA are diametrically opposed to one another here .
But there is a danger that it may be restricted to the conclusion of agreements on emissions trading .
Lastly , our responsibility for these issues is a shared one , but each individual country has an individual responsibility to contribute to resolving the problems too .
We talk of a 720 billion euro market which really must be opened up if we ever want to have a truly single market .
Many authorities have no provision for the service of capital , a system which is short-sighted and expensive for the citizen in the long run .
This places the majority of contracts outside the scope of the directive .
We oppose Amendment No 4 because we have no idea what it means .
We in the PPE Group of course support this report most warmly , but it is naturally something of a compromise .
But the language used is splendid .
This latter fact means that we must take care over our legislative work and give producers a powerful incentive to review their systems of production in such a way as to ensure a higher level of animal welfare in farms which are economically viable in the European Union .
We do so with grateful thanks to the rapporteur .
I have to say that I have rarely received as much post as I have in recent weeks on this matter .
We have to have fair conditions of competition .
Animal welfare organisations have enlightened us on the subject .
In 1996 , the Scientific Veterinary Committee reported on the welfare of laying hens .
Getting rid of battery cages is a matter of civilised behaviour .
On reflection , I should like to ask for voting to be halted at this point .
Livestock breeders in the EU are entitled to continue to be assured of a decent income , this being the raison d 'être of the CAP.
So a lowering of guaranteed prices must go hand in hand with a raising of compensatory payments , which cannot be paid if there is no longer any price support .
Our group prefers a transfer of funds out of defence and into the environment , rather than the achieving of environmental and health objectives via defence .
Nevertheless , it will remain very difficult to monitor greenhouse gases , where a staggering number of factors are involved in determining emissions and concentrations .
I can also wholeheartedly support the few amendments the rapporteur proposes at second reading .
Unfortunately , in the past , in other words between 1991 and 1996 , attempts to introduce effective landfill regulations failed .
There are of course many uncertainties in regard to the protection and management of landfill sites .
In this respect I believe the amendments on biodegradable waste are crucially important .
Madam President , I quite understand and you are perfectly correct .
Commissioner , the SMEs are not very happy about this .
The Cox report deals with excise tax on energy products .
This is legislation requiring a unanimous vote in the Council , which is usually a guarantee of inaction .
Nevertheless , this report is still very much needed , and it sends a strong signal to the Council about where Parliament stands on this issue - a necessary signal , as the Council does not seem to be strengthening the Commission proposals but rather undermining them to the point where they scarcely have any meaning at all .
The Belgian tax authorities have been familiar with this for some time .
We believe there are sound arguments for adopting a different approach to intra-Community and international capital movements , including those to do with the free movement