The participation of the private sector should not be improvised , but rather it should be prepared from now , and that was expressed in the resolution of the Council of Ministers in April of last year .
And we say that all of that is correct and that there are sufficient barriers to guarantee that a conflict of interests is not possible .
With regard to the military dimension , ladies and gentlemen , I will say that Galileo is a system designed for civil purposes , which will have to be managed by civilians and that , furthermore , that is one of its essential differences when compared to the GPS.
No State should have to put in another additional euro .
This horrifies us even more , because the case of this woman , like that of many others , is a display of savagery .
In these areas , health problems are one of the most serious situations they face , not only through a lack of healthcare , but also because of a lack of prevention .
Furthermore , we must remember that , as she herself has said , between 10 and 20 % of the European population is functionally illiterate .
This fight against illiteracy must be incorporated into other Union policies and must be taken into account whenever we talk about education and training .
Mr President , Commissioner , I must congratulate Mrs Hermange on her initiative on this report on illiteracy , since it is a problem which we do not normally pay much attention to , because we think we have achieved total literacy , since the majority of Member States of the European Union have made enormous efforts over recent years to achieve this objective and we thought we had done so .
I once again congratulate the rapporteur on this wonderful initiative , which draws attention to a problem that is still facing us .
Mr President , I offer this explanation of vote on behalf of the PPE-DE Group .
However , I have not taken part in the vote - despite agreeing personally with the contents of the report - owing to my appointment as a representative of the President of the Spanish Government in the Convention .
Since , while it is clearly necessary to guarantee the democratic control of Community policies and decision making , it is also clear that this control must be carried out while respecting each of the areas of parliamentary activity .
The second reality is the hatred which has been brewing up between the people of the east and the neighbouring population of Rwanda , a hatred which has been demonstrated by the rejection by the people of Goma of the hospitality offered by Rwanda and the massive return of this population to their homes , which have now been taken over by the volcano , despite the risk of further eruptions .
We support the global plan for 2000 managed by ECO and we ask that this plan , which is very important for the African region , and for the achievement of the objectives previously expressed , be speeded up and that this aid does not arrive late , which has unfortunately often been the case .
In any event , many Europeans are prepared to remain vigilant , to remember that it is essential to maintain our values and principles in this war which we must wage against terrorism and fanaticism .
I am not going to enter into the argument about whether or not the Geneva Convention applies to them .
Directive 93/104/EC is a continuation of Directive 89/391/EC , on the introduction of measures to encourage improvements in the safety and health of workers at work , with the idea that the creation of the internal market must lead to an improvement in working and living conditions , by means of approximating legislations .
All of this must done in accordance with Article 31 of the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union , " Fair and just working conditions " .
As for the messages ; firstly , I would address the Commission .
I have noticed that Mr Poettering , in a display of generosity , has not applied the Poettering doctrine ; I imagine that if the Secretary of State comes , he will apply it ; he will say that it should be a Minister .
Mr President , Parliament wanted something like the Convention before the Charter of Fundamental Rights .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to thank the European Parliament for giving me the opportunity to appear before the House .
And , in this regard , I believe that the slogan of the Spanish Presidency , 'more Europe ' , is perfectly compatible with the spirit of those millions of European citizens who have accepted from the outset the existence of a single and common currency for us all , or at least for the eurozone .
Mr President , I will comment on two points in particular : coordination of economic policy and structural reforms .
It is in these very first few months of the year that the Ecofin Council analyses the Member States ' stability and convergence plans for the current year , that is , for 2002 , and that review has taken place in the meetings of January and February ; the Commission ' s recommendations on each of the convergence and stability plans have been unanimously approved at those meetings .
Nevertheless , liberalisation must also be accompanied by homogenous instruments for measuring the openness of markets in all the countries of the region and also transparent rules on access to transport networks which ensure the existence of genuine competitiveness for third countries that want to participate in a liberalised domestic market .
Thank you very much , Mr President , for your compassion towards the Presidency-in-Office of the Council .
I believe that the first directives the