If you are detained three times in a period of 24 months or 36 months , then you should be banned for life - three strikes and you are out .
There must be a clear signal to sub-standard ships that we will not tolerate them in European waters or in European ports .
Finally , we have a clear message to the flags of convenience , the black-listed states .
Countries like the Lebanon , Liberia , Syria , Azerbaijan , Albania , whose fleets we all know in our hearts are unacceptable overall .
Seventy , eighty , ninety per cent of their ships have serious defects .
We cannot tolerate a situation where these rogue flag states continue to allow their ships to sail the seven seas .
We must as a Parliament express our clear view that in a matter of years we simply will not allow them in .
Again I hope that we can find a compromise between the three institutions to secure the objectives which I know we all share .
We must eliminate dangerous ships .
We must protect our environment and , ultimately , we must save lives at sea .
.
The rapporteur is correct in identifying the local dimension in terms of strengthening European employment strategy .
Local authorities , SMEs and NGOs must be involved in any strategy to create employment as they are in close contact with the situation at ground level and can provide the expertise to make a success of local employment strategies .
I support the idea of designating a European Local Development year and welcome the idea of maximising the use of new technology to reduce unemployment .
Employment creation must remain one of our top priorities .
McKenna report ( A5-0336/2000 )
.
The Erika and other recent oil spills form a continuing catalogue of disasters that have taken place in Community waters , including the Braer spill off Shetland and the Sea Empress of Wales .
These catastrophes in addition to causing irreparable ecological damage have devastated local industries .
In the case of the Erika , the local fishing and aquaculture industries suffered a bitter blow and it is important not just to look at the harmful effects that are apparent in the immediate aftermath , but also to look ahead at the long-term detrimental effects of oil pollution .
Effective compensation is essential .
It is time that shipping safety within the Community was tightened up and that greater controls were introduced , including bringing an end to the use of flags of convenience which is also increasingly resorted to .
The companies responsible , the ship and the cargo owners must pay up for their negligence .
Current compensation funds have been inadequately funded and this was all too apparent in the case of the Braer disaster where the Shetland Islands fishing industry was inadequately compensated for its losses .
Maritime disasters are usually followed by flurries of political activity which sound reassuring at the time but which have not always been followed through .
Let us ensure that adequate measures are instigated throughout Europe and that lessons learned lead to decisive political action .
.
As a Member of Parliament representing Ireland I am deeply disappointed with the wording of the resolution which has just been adopted by this House on the 2000 Nice European Council .
The reform of the European Union Treaties must take account of the needs and interests of smaller Member States .
Failure to do so would upset the delicate balance that is the very basis of the proper functioning of the Union .
I would like , in particular , to highlight a number of elements that I believe could hold inherent danger for the future stability of the Union as well as raising questions as to the democratic legitimacy of the decision-making process .
As far as the general extension of qualified majority voting is concerned , I do not believe that this is a helpful proposal as it would pre-empt the right of Member States to take a decision at the appropriate time on whether a policy should be communitised .
I firmly believe that any change from unanimity to QMV should be considered on a case-by-case basis .
Neither am I in favour of an automatic linking between QMV and codecision and once again believe that any decision to extend the powers of codecision should also be made on a case-by-case basis .
I am already on record as being absolutely opposed to bringing the common agricultural policy into the codecision sphere and will not further elaborate on that issue at this point .
In so far as the Charter of Fundamental Rights is concerned , while I am in favour of promoting the rights referred to in this document , I do not support its incorporation into the eventual Treaty of Nice .
An alternative solution such as EU accession to the European Convention on Human Rights merits much closer examination .
Whatever is finally agreed at Nice by the 15 Member State governments may well have to be ratified by the Irish people through a referendum .
I can assure you that the current negotiations are being followed in my country , as I am sure they are in all of your countries .
We must tread carefully and not run ahead of public opinion or of what our populations are ready for .
European integration for Ireland has been a very positive experience and I believe that one of the keys to this has been the gradual approach .
In order for Treaty reform , and indeed enlargement , to be a success it must have the full support of the people .
In this sense , no decision about the development of the EU should be taken which risks alienating the citizens of Europe .
After all , any democratic system is built upon the