For more than half a century , you have managed to combine democracy , a market economy and a high level of social cohesion , compatible with macroeconomic balances and with a welfare State or , better , with a social protection network .
The truth about human rights violations is now public and acknowledged .
Chile now has unemployment benefits , labour reforms and new , more effective labour laws .
We are not satisfied , however ; there is still much to do .
We believe that the so-called ‘Washington Consensus’ , which talks about liberalising markets , privatising certain companies , deregulation and balanced budgets is something that Chile applied , and in a timely fashion .
I am sure you understand what I am saying !
And we therefore follow it closely and we also want to learn from what you have done .
The agreement we have with Europe is one that will enable us also to access your resources in this field .
I want to say here that we are frankly worried about the incredibly fast advance of globalisation , amid multilateral institutions that are unable to keep up the regulation of this process .
At a time , therefore , when our country was on the Security Council , we said no to an invasion of Iraq if the decision was taken outside of the Security Council .
We are building our partnership .
Because we are aware of these responsibilities , we are participating in Haiti , as I said , and we hope to cooperate more closely with the European Union in the new phase following the elections in that country .
We want Europe to have greater presence over there .
With a strong Europe , united in its external action , determined to play its rightful role in the world .
Many times .
We all know that the work done by this country to fulfil the commitments it has made and to be ready to join the European Union on the scheduled date did not end on the day the Treaty was signed , but that the Rumanian authorities had to continue to make great efforts .
Very notable progress has also been made , however , as Mr Rehn has stressed .
In any event , the document being presented to us today is very important .
During this final phase of the process , we in Parliament and the Commission want to help rather than to hinder .
If so , when did it do so ?     – Madam President , I simply want to ask the Commissioner about this same issue again .     – Madam President , the Commissioner’s work is very important and we in this Parliament would therefore like to know whether it relies on results audited and registered in companies or on creative accounting and also whether it listens to experts in its department or whether it is going to make up new theories .     – Madam President , Commissioner , does the Commission know whether all the Member States have transposed the Community environmental legislation in force on the treatment of waste , whether they have incorporated it into their legislation and whether they are applying it properly ?
We are eagerly awaiting a response to their comments .     – Mr President , I believe that the Commission is fulfilling its duty of applying the Community Directive and I must therefore congratulate Mr McCreevy on his explanation and on the way in which he has presented the issue to us .
Both the rapporteur and the Commissioner have explained the content of these proposals more than sufficiently .
I would like to say , finally , that I do not agree with the amendments presented by the Verts/ALE Group and , in particular , those which call for the Commission to present a report revising all of the existing authorisations for additives .
Unfortunately this year has been no exception .
I would also like to congratulate you , however , because we have returned to something essential from a previous era , a principle that was used during the era of the so-called ‘Jacques Delors ’ financial packages .
I would like to end by saying : I agree absolutely that Europe is moving in the right direction .
There is an intermediate stage : to define the European Union’s role in the fight against terrorism , in immigration and in universities .
Firstly , on her positive and active commitment to the cause of democratic consolidation in Afghanistan ; secondly , on having rightly sent an election observation mission to that country , which is experiencing very difficult circumstances .
Madam President , the European Parliament’s delegation expressed its opinion that our Parliament should contribute to the post-Bonn Process , hosting and organising a broad conference with the participation of the Commission , of the Member States participating in the joint actions of NATO and , of course , of the new representatives in the Afghan Parliament , so that in this way they can go on defining and marking out their own future .
The prospect of the Euro-Mediterranean association that was opened up at that time gave us enormous hope .
Many other issues have been arising in this debate : the problem of the management of migratory flows , discrimination against women , the serious environmental problems facing the , dialogue amongst the three monotheistic religions , the need for local and regional cooperation , the fight against terrorism , control of weapons of mass destruction , participation by populations , etc .
The problems of these neighbouring countries affect us , ours is a shared future ; it is impossible to create a wall between the north and the south of the Mediterranean , especially in today’s globalised world .
Otherwise , the problems will