of the Convention which is to lay the foundations of the new Europe , a Convention of which Commissioner Barnier is an important member .
In future , cohesion policy must be recast , first and foremost to cater for the changed circumstances which enlargement will bring for all of us , but it is also vital that the future regional policy should be based on the results of Commission documents , particularly the most recent document issued a few days ago , known as the periodic report .
We need administrative methods which will improve efficiency ; we need to streamline , clarify and facilitate the demarcation between the role of the Commission and that of the regional and national levels ; it will be necessary to simplify procedures increasingly and we need greater subsidiarity and more decentralisation .
The second report on EU cohesion presented by Commissioner Barnier depicts a situation which has improved but which has certainly not been resolved .
That said , I will turn to the first two suggestions , which , moreover , have already been put forward this evening .
We feel that this is the road to take if integration is to have any practical meaning .
This is an asset which increases the spirit of European citizenship and overall cohesion .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , as draftsman of an opinion on the Galileo proposal , I would like to focus essentially on two financial aspects of the Commission ' s proposal , leaving the rapporteur and the draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism the task of discussing its merits .
The Commission has presented a proposal for the setting-up of a Joint Undertaking to complete the development phase of Galileo ; this would provide a single management structure with legal personality which would be flexible and capable of concluding the necessary contracts .
I have called for instruments to be identified in the budget which will allow them to participate , not least in order to avoid further widening the existing gap .
The most important laws on women are those making up what is known as civil law .
The two minutes ' speaking time restriction undoubtedly prevented her from going into more detail .
We know that Europe is one of the most prosperous continents in the world but , despite that , a substantial number of our citizens live in conditions of extreme poverty and social marginalisation .
We therefore firmly support the rapporteur ' s calls for a Green Paper and an Action Plan .
I would therefore stress the importance of resolving this issue .
We do not , of course , want to ignore the various initiatives planned by the Commission regarding employment and certain social issues , nor do we want to disregard the negotiation initiatives undertaken by the social partners .
As regards the Marques report on rum in the French overseas territories and the Azores , how could I vote against the motion ?
In addition , the Commission should be more proactive in approving guideline documents , thus further freeing up the process .
This call comes both from United States society and this House itself , which I hope will adopt the resolution .
The Eritrean Parliament , which is made up of elected members who all belong to the People ' s Front for Democracy and Justice , has decided to ban the formation of political parties .
The independent press has been suppressed and many journalists , politicians and political opponents , including former government ministers , have been arrested , accused of treason against the national assembly .
We need to intervene as swiftly as possible to help define the borders .
I feel that maximum effort and total commitment on our part will be needed to bring growth to civil society , to create a world that is civilised and not excluded from the assembly of the civilised nations .
This year , for the first time , the three main institutions will conduct an in-depth dialogue on the political priorities and the legislative working programme for the coming year .
Firstly , we must help the future Member States prepare to fully assume all the responsibilities arising from accession .
Therefore , the fight against crime in all its forms - including terrorism , or rather , starting with terrorism - is and will remain at the top of our agenda .
We shall also move forward with the association and stabilisation process in the Balkans and , in the wider world , we shall continue to support the reconstruction of Afghanistan .
Proper discussions will be opened on these issues at Monterrey in a few weeks ' time .
At this point , however , we cannot prepare properly for enlargement without more staff .
The complete results of this analysis will appear in the preliminary draft budget for 2003 and will be presented for debate in this House .
This is of the utmost importance if we are genuinely to strengthen the European Union ' s voice in the world .
The Commission is therefore very pleased to see a constitutional debate on the future of Europe getting under way , especially as most of the Convention ' s members will be elected representatives of the people , not just representatives of national governments .
We must not forget that the desire for a Convention was conceived the morning after the night of the Nice Council .
Therefore , we must first decide what we want to do together and then adapt the institutional structure to suit our objectives .
In my opinion , this is a good idea .
Technically , it will not be easy , but if we want the Commission to be able to work up to speed as soon as enlargement has taken place , we must start to establish this relationship of training and learning now