ability to find these criminals .
End-of-life ships should be regarded as hazardous waste , as a result of the hazardous substances that they contain , and should therefore fall within the scope of the Basel Convention .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , in response to the global financial crisis , the European Economic Recovery Plan states that cohesion policy is contributing significantly to public investment by the Member States and the regions and should act as a means of recovering from the current crisis .
I would like to stress that the Committee on Regional Development has repeatedly identified the simplification that the European Commission is proposing as essential to improving the management and implementation of the Structural Funds .
The most significant development has undoubtedly been the adoption of the Citizenship Directive , which laid down an unconditional right of permanent residence for EU citizens and their families who have lived in the host State for a period of five years .
For example , the EP : 'welcomes the fact that the Treaty of Lisbon makes it possible for one million Union citizens from different Member States collectively to invite the Commission to submit legislative proposals , and believes that such a legal right will significantly raise awareness of Union citizenship among Europeans ' ; 'recalls that transparency and democratic participation must be achieved by a variety of forms of partnership among the EU and Member States , regional and local institutions , social partners and civil society ' .
The key points addressed in the new text include the following : reference points for action : this is now defined as the level of a residue of a pharmacologically active substance , established for control reasons in the case of certain substances for which a maximum residue limit has not been laid down in accordance with this Regulation ; import : Member States shall prohibit the import and placing on the market of food of animal origin containing residues resulting from the illegal administration of pharmacologically active substances which are not subject to a classification in accordance with the text .
Investment in energy efficiency is one of the most important tools in this respect , and must be a priority objective of the Member State governments .
For all these reasons , which led me to vote against that report , I cannot fully support this report , which is why I have abstained .
This mark and the flower that symbolises it are dynamising elements which , thanks to the constant updating of the environmental criteria for the products for which they are awarded , encourages enterprises to operate a virtuous cycle of effort with a view to the overall raising of the eco-quality of products on the market .
It is also important to note that the recognition of EMAS as a reference mark in Environmental Management Systems is in line with the EU objective on combating climate change .
When you delve behind the mystifying and Manichean language , the aim is clear : the EU does not accept the affirmation of sovereignty of Belarus and its definition of an independent policy , which is not in thrall to to the interests of the EU/NATO/US , and is trying to get round it .
I feel that the process of European integration has been successful and has now led to a European Union that encompasses the countries of Central and Eastern Europe , which lived under Communist regimes from the end of the Second World War until the early 1990s , and has helped to secure democracy in the south of Europe , in countries such as Greece , Spain and Portugal , which endured fascist regimes over a long period .
In Portugal the Portuguese Communist Party fought more than anyone else for liberty , for democracy , for peace , for human rights , for decent living conditions for the Portuguese people , for the liberty of the peoples colonised by fascism , and for the achievements enshrined in the Constitution of the Portuguese Republic , which is 33 years old today .
The resolution puts all the pressure on Russia , but there is not one single reference to the expansion of NATO to the east and the United States ' new missile system in Europe .
Mr President , Mr Kallas , Mr Bösch , ladies and gentlemen , we are about to complete the most in-depth reform ever of the European Parliament .
I am today , as always , against voluntary pension funds that ignore salary differences , leading to unfair treatment .
While regretting the lack of clarity that existed in the past between public duty and private interest in the pension system , I should appreciate some recognition of the work done by all those who , particularly on our Committee on Budgetary Control , have fought tirelessly for rigour and transparency in the European accounts .
The attempt to apply European rules without taking account of the diversity of European fleets will also contribute to this failure .
The law defines the extent and limit of its territorial waters , its exclusive economic zone , and the rights of Portugal to the adjacent seabed .
It is also unacceptable that a Member State can inspect its fishing vessels in the exclusive economic zone of any other Member State , without the latter 's authorisation .
I believe that the planned reform must , in principle , purely and simply prohibit any discards .
Against this backdrop , we must recognise the essential nature of immigration to the EU.
I feel that the Commission must pay particular attention to the question of skills recognition and the incentive for lifelong training , while also ensuring that immigrants have opportunities to learn the language of the host country in order to ensure their social , professional and cultural integration in the European Union