strategies in the field of the management of migratory flows .
In this connection , the Council has invited the Commission to look into the matter and put forward solutions .
This programme will endow a sensitive sector with new financial resources , EUR 250 million for the coming five-year period , as the first step in a more substantial increase in funds for immigration , an increase that should take place with the next Financial Perspective .
There can be nothing worse than going down that road .
With this decision , a matter that , up until a few months ago , was the object of far-reaching division among the Members of the European Union has now been brought to a positive conclusion in an institutional framework .
These two countries are now ready to complete the decisive steps that precede accession .
Equal importance was accorded to the results achieved in these six months in the context of the Euro-Mediterranean Partnership and , in particular , on the occasion of the Conference of Foreign Ministers held in Naples on 2 and 3 December 2003 .
Lastly , the development of the CFSP and the EU-Nato strategic partnership will increase the overall effectiveness of the transatlantic community .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I will end by thanking you for having responded so actively to my invitation to cooperate closely in every phase of the work of the Intergovernmental Conference .
Of course , the topic to which I attach most importance is the European Initiative for Growth , which the Council approved unanimously .
There are two reasons why the agreement on the Agencies is so important .
Secondly , the need to rationalise our legislative and institutional structures .
Over the decades they have grown so complex that this has diminished the coherence of the Union 's policies and procedures .
On the major points , the Convention 's work was excellent .
Last week , the European integration project ground to a halt and we all , all of us , missed a great opportunity .
Alone or together ?
We all need to display courage and imagination , the qualities that major political decisions demand .
I ask you to bring your political wisdom , your farsightedness and your experience to bear in the service of the first Constitution for a united Europe .
Your Presidency , however , will be remembered , above all , by Europeans for the failure to achieve agreement on the Convention’s text .
Therefore , we accept the challenge posed by the crisis : it might lead to a better Constitution for the future .
I regret , Mr Berlusconi , that it is not clear whether or not Italy is one of these .
The Italian Presidency said that keeping the peace  – and , therefore , combating terrorism and disruptive forces across the board  – and pursuing stable prosperity for our people and for all the countries whose people live in difficult , tragic conditions because of hunger , poverty or lack of development , or , as is all too often the case , because of oppressive political systems , are the primary tasks performed by society .
A new Treaty is necessary and each State must lay aside the mental reservations which are a barrier to political Union .
You have paid , Prime Minister , for your pretence at arbitration .
As Members of Parliament , we must decide on the location of our Chamber , in which we will debate the matters which concern us .     Mr President , the truth is that while I was listening to the speech by the President-in-Office of the Council I had the impression that the failure of the Intergovernmental Conference was being regarded as a rather unimportant detail within the context of six triumphal months of Presidency .
When the process was handed back to the governments with the Intergovernmental Conference , individual interests and even matters purely of national prestige prevailed in crucial areas .
Secondly , we must not throw away everything that has been negotiated in recent months .
Whom do I mean by ‘you’ ?
The Italian Presidency , the Treaty Convention and the IGC.
You did not choose the ambition of a model but settled for an accommodation and for staying afloat , which in practice has proved to be a framework of shifting sands , which has exalted the power struggle between powers and between countries .
The second is one of substance .
The Treaties are still fully in force and will remain effective and in operation until they are replaced with a new text .
Unfortunately , he is once again concerned with distancing himself from a mark of failure rather than pointing out the right road on behalf of a great founding country like Italy .
Virtually all public and private broadcasting services in Italy are controlled by the Prime Minister .
At this moment we must pay particular attention to the sirens of the material constitution .
Another positive aspect has been the relationship with this Parliament , which has at last , for the first time , been truly involved as a major player in the work of the IGC and has been kept constantly informed about the Council’s work .
Mr Schulz , you cannot really be asking the Italian Presidency or any Presidency to overrule the sovereign voice of the national parliaments – that would be unthinkable .
We welcome the growth initiative but it will not be enough because only control of the economy , at least in the euro zone , can ensure the recovery and quality of the European economy .
I believe , however , that this disappointment should not lead us to adopt a pessimistic attitude towards the future .
Clearly the final decisions of the Conference that I inserted in the concluding statement approved unanimously by all members have not been examined carefully .
