important initiative to send a specific message to Iraq on behalf of the Arab League which got started but unfortunately petered out , and discussions at home about where we go from here , what we do next and how we deal with this crisis were also fraught with difficulty .
I should like to point out that the stands taken by the Ministers for Foreign Affairs when they met the other day highlighted these disagreements , these differing perceptions as to what constitutes a just war .
Differing opinions were expressed about the expediency of intervention , about the repercussions of intervening or not intervening and about stability in the region .
One of our prime considerations as we decide what to do next , as Mr Cox quite rightly pointed out , is that the crisis should be used as a springboard for serious thought .
In truth , at the meeting of Ministers for Foreign Affairs , at the Council meeting the other day , which was an informal but nonetheless important session , a number of approaches were proposed which will need to be examined and which will guide us as we decide where we go from here .
A war can destabilise and cause problems for neighbouring countries , one of which , Turkey , is a candidate country of the European Union .
As far as this process is concerned , the European Union is unanimously behind the so-called roadmap , which it wants not just published but implemented as quickly as possible .
I think that , within this , we shall face another two important issues .
It is therefore time for an honest discussion of today 's real problems and challenges , an honest discussion of how we intend to deal with major issues , from weapons of mass destruction to the environment , poverty and inequality ; now is the time for honest dialogue with the United States , a dialogue which , we hope , will help us find a way of really cooperating on security , on promoting real peace and on real global governance based on the common values of the European Union , values which we share in the European Union , values which underpin the Community in which we live .
We need an in-depth cultural dialogue here , a cultural dialogue which will pinpoint the problems of mankind for which we are jointly responsible and allow us , within this joint responsibility , to discuss the best ways of dealing with these issues and the common values which will guide us as we do so .
I am sure that this message , this objective will be supported by the European Parliament , which has fought long and hard for the common foreign policy , a stronger European presence on the international stage and the integration of the European Union , and which will play a decisive role here .
Question one : where to now ?
President Bush maintains that he is fighting the dictator and the dictatorship , which he compares with the democracy which he and all of us serve .
Question four : this old Europe , as Mr Rumsfeld so disparagingly calls it , is making a huge effort to demonstrate that , with peace , democracy and solidarity , it can move forward and set the world an example in how to resolve international differences peacefully .
We too have responsibilities for this world , rooted in the democracy we serve and defend .
It will discuss exactly what we have discussed here this morning .
Your president , Mr Pat Cox , will have the opportunity to address the meeting on behalf of the European Parliament and we await his comments with interest .
This is a strength , not a weakness .
We know , as do the Fifteen , that we always have a responsibility to approach and achieve this common will .
Of course , the first was acute disappointment at the failure of diplomatic efforts .
We have to turn our attention to the Iraqi people .
Thirdly , numerous references were made to reconstruction .
Consequently , we have a responsibility to ensure that the UN has the lead role and then , of course , we also have a serious responsibility to play our part in the reconstruction process , whatever that process may be , as and when the fighting stops .
I would say the opposite is true , because the European Union has authority in the Arab world .
I also welcome the initiatives taken by the European Parliament to arrange meetings with parliamentarians , regardless of when they take place .
Numerous speakers emphasised that the point is not whether we are for or against the Americans .
Talking on equal terms means , as Mr Poettering said , that we ourselves need a strong Union .
I discussed the matter with them , I expressed the views of the European Union and I realised that they do not really know what we are thinking , what our stand is and why we think this court is so important .
A multilateral approach to today 's problems which , in the final analysis , means safeguarding a simple principle , the principle of the 'strength of law ' rather than the principle of the 'law of the strong ' .
That is what unites us .
Different nations , different languages , even different traditions , but with a common will based on principles , based on these values .
We are continuing this magnum opus by enlarging and promoting our international role .
But the momentum is there .
I should like to propose , following the death today of 15 innocent people in Baghdad market and the death of soldiers on both sides , that we observe one minute 's silence for the victims of the war in Iraq .
