coming years .
BudgetaryControl .
The Committee on Budgetary Control considered tabling a number of amendments to this year ' s budget , looking at the implementation figures of the current and previous years budgets alongside the corresponding analysis contained within the revenue and expenditure account and balance sheet .
We also looked at the Court of Auditors ' special reports .
Whilst these are drawn up pursuant to Article 248( 4 ) of the Treaty for the purpose of discharge , we actually think there is some value in our committee and the Committee on Budgets looking into them and looking at how the money is being spent in the current year in areas where the Court of Auditors found problems in the past .
Looking at the evaluation reports , the Commission has produced a lot of documentation concerning the preliminary draft budget , for example for 2001 , which included a working document presenting summaries of results of a number of mostly external evaluations .
Those were carried out at the request of the Commission itself and referred to the financial year 1999 , the most recent one for which the final data was available .
The material was obviously useful for both the preparation of the 2001 budget and for the 1999 discharge .
So the committee would like to recommend to all the specialised committees concerned to take into account the results of those evaluations .
In the end we tabled a very short paper to the Committee on Budgets with a number of recommendations which we hope will be taken on board .
The House will no doubt be aware that I personally have taken an interest in the budget and tabled a number of amendments .
I look forward in the future to seeing roughly the same sort of exercise and trying to get rid of a number of very small and more insignificant budget lines , as well as making this House and the Commission much more efficient , do less and do it better .
Mr President , this is my first year in the European Parliament and I have been struck during the course of this budget debate by the contrast between rhetoric and delivery .
Last year when we were discussing the budget , we had politicians in the Member State governments who were posturing on the issue of renewable energy , whilst at the same time proposing major cuts to the Save programme in this Parliament .
I found that to be a curious position .
But here we are yet again , twelve months later , in a situation in which ministers from Member State governments have come out of summits , preening themselves over their ambitious targets for research , while the draft budget prepared by the Council makes total cuts in payment appropriations in the research subsection of the Fifth Framework Programme of no less than EUR 100 million .
So there really is a stark difference between delivery on the part of the Council , and the rhetoric that the Council uses .
My committee has mandated me to make that point and we will certainly , in a sense of discipline , be aiming to see at least one half of that cut in payment appropriations being restored in the plenary vote .
I take this opportunity to congratulate Mrs Haug on the work done in the Committee on Budgets , particularly the work done to restore lines in relation to small - and medium-sized enterprises , again cut by the Council .
That has been a priority of our committee and a priority of this Parliament .
Again , it is difficult to reconcile the rhetoric of the Council with its proposals in that area .
The proposals put forward by our committee and supported by the Committee on Budgets are much better .
It would take more than the one minute I have left if I were to go into all of my committee ' s views in relation to the Meda programme .
We know the difficulties .
Commissioner Patten has outlined them to us , but there is important work to be undertaken within the area of the Meda programme .
We only have to look at our television sets to see the difficulties in the Middle East to be reminded of that each and every day .
I am also the draftsman for my committee on Mrs Rühle ' s report on the ECSC budget .
Let me briefly touch on a number of items there .
We are of the view that there should be much more emphasis on developing research .
I saw that strain in her report as well .
We want to see it increased by 10 % .
The priorities should be clean technology , environmental protection and remediation and safety for the future .
Mrs Rühle agrees with me on that , so again in that area there is consensus within this Parliament which , I am bound to say , all too sadly is not often shared by the Council .
Mr President , as draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on the Environment on this year ' s budget , I want to acknowledge the difficult framework in which it has been constructed and the serious pressures upon all of us .
I would like to pay tribute to the work done by the rapporteur , Mrs Haug , in trying to resolve some very difficult questions this year because of the immense pressures that have been brought to bear upon the budget at a very late stage .
We must have the courage of our convictions and insist upon finding the very modest finance needed to fulfil our key objectives .
In that regard , I would draw the Commission ' s and the House ' s attention to the following issues