If we manage to resolve these problems - and we are applying all our efforts to this - and achieve the withdrawal of troops , an effective ceasefire and , therefore , an end to terrorist activities , we can begin to create the conditions for progressing towards a peace conference .
We have held a frank and tough debate in our group with our Labour colleague , Mr Burg , and we hope that President Abu Alá can come here to speak to us very soon .
It is an absolutely fundamental principle .
We are also willing to work on the reconstruction of the Palestinian infrastructure , but we do not understand why it has been destroyed .
Thank you , Mr President , in this Parliament one can always choose when one speaks and this is surely not the best time , but in any event , Mr President , I would ask that we return to the debate , since the important thing is Valencia and the situation in the Middle East .
This process of opening up markets must be accompanied by clear Community support through an increase in investments in the region , as Commissioner Patten pointed out , contributing in particular to the development of infrastructures .
Firstly that , despite all the tragedy , we continue with our efforts towards peace , and secondly , increase the internal dialogue in this House in order to ensure that the positions of the European Parliament are the result of a broad consensus , because that is the only way , through unity , that Parliament 's voice can be heard and that it can contribute to the peace process we all want to see .
The operative approaches taken , as has been said previously , promote the defence of human rights , development , work , dialogue , peace and democracy .
It was not obvious whether the Conference could take place , whether the Arab members of the Barcelona Process would agree to sit down with representatives of Israel , whether the representative of the Palestinian Authority could attend , etc .
Poor people - and there are many in the Mediterranean - always have enormous patience as long as two conditions are in place : the first is that they feel that next year is going to be a little better than this one or the last one , that the situation of their children is going to be better than that of their parents and that their grandchildren are going to go to university ; the second condition is that they do not feel humiliated .
The horror is also political .
With this in mind , I can only express pessimism if there is no clear intervention by the international community and the UN , the European Union and the United States in particular .
For us the only solution is the intervention of the UN and the European Union in particular .
That is the issue for the European Union .
Anybody , any soul , would rebel on seeing the wealth of the colonies and the misery of the refugee camps .
We saw that the first action to be taken when the tanks entered the refugee camps was to ban the media .
Having said this , I am not going to repeat any of the solutions that have been put forward for the Middle East .
I welcome the fact that the fight against terrorism and the fight against drugs were discussed .
It is impossible , however , to create a foundation without financial support .
In my view , to culture , education , tourism and cultural dialogue we can add sustainable development and globalisation , the benefits of which also have an effect in the country that provides these and I think that this is an example of successful coexistence between a world that is in the process of modernising itself and a world that still needs to become part of the change , but which has a great history of its own .
I should also like to remind you that the government of Mr Sharon is a government of national unity in which the Labour Party and various other parties are represented , and therefore , when we talk about the policy of Mr Sharon - these things should not be forgotten - we are actually talking about the policy of many others besides him .
Since these two attitudes stem from the historical aspirations of both sides , and since these historical aspirations are not compatible with one another , until there is an explicit renunciation , which is sincere and honest , of these historical aspirations , there will be no peace however much we attempt to impose sanctions , and however much the international community does all that it can .
I am not implying that we should support every position adopted by the United States .
I should like to emphasise , however , that although this communication puts forward important proposals and suggestions , it does not provide , in our view , practical instruments that will enable us to successfully confront the new challenges resulting from the new vision that we share and in which human rights and their promotion are fully integrated into the Union 's external policy .
In drafting this report we have been both ambitious and responsible ; we have shown the ambition that committing ourselves to the defence of human rights in the world requires and the responsibility that comes from realising that the challenge of integrating human rights into the Union 's external policy is a genuinely complex matter .
We have also borne in mind , however , that the contradictions between institutions and the lack of unanimity , coordination and unity in action are the worst enemy of human rights and of democratisation in