which should be well aware of what it is voting upon , not to point out that , contrary to the Solana agreement , Slovenia persists in not permitting the purchase of property by foreigners and is restoring property confiscated under communism to Slovene citizens only and not others , be they Italians , Germans or citizens of other countries or ethnic groups , who were forced to leave Slovenia .
Europe and Italy have generously done their part , it is now the turn of Slovenia .
Being in favour of that agreement does not prevent me from raising a number of issues which I think have at any rate to be dealt with during the stages of association .
Many parties in Slovenia consider that power station to be completely unsafe .
You are wrong , Mrs Iivari , when in your explanatory statement you distort historical and political reality , saying nothing about the fact that if there has been a serious delay over the association agreement , this is solely the result of Slovenia 's refusal to meet the demands of the European Union - including those designed to resolve the bilateral dispute - formulated in the so-called ' Solana compromise ' which the new Italian government then wished to get rid of , gaining a major victory in Florence but in so doing also destroying any possibility of finally being able to resolve the very serious problems bound up with the bilateral dispute .
I am speaking as a member of the REX Committee and will be looking only at the economic problems identified in this area , particularly in the region of the frontier between Italy and Slovenia .
The dismantling of frontiers will result in further unemployment which will have to be offset using European policy measures , both regional policy structural measures and exceptional measures to exploit trans-frontier cooperation .
If the aim of bringing Slovenia closer to the Union is to consolidate a civil and democratic system within that country , as well as to promote economic development , then it is welcome .
I shall not at any rate use the adjective historical to describe the report , for a very simple reason .
The page has been turned , and what has actually to be described as historical is the ideological and political separation between the Community - now the Union - and Europe 's other life-force .
Issues that have nothing to do with gardening - we might say - but only if we rely on the rationale of nationalism and the resultant closing-off into nation-states .
But while I feel satisfaction , I remain conscious that the instruments chosen are institutionally weak and there is a risk they will be ineffective .
Between 1987 and 1991 major conventions were adopted on transfer of convicted persons , ne bis in idem , simplification of extradition procedures , transmission of restraining orders , enforcement of foreign criminal convictions , and so on , but none of these conventions have come into force .
Those who have followed the activities of the various European criminal fraternities , including the Italian one , know this is an important point .
It has been given great prominence .
I end by remarking that this is precisely the basis of our proposals to move to the first pillar , which are also contained in numerous documents on the struggle against fraud .
For example , Italy has waged an intense battle , especially at the criminal level , but other countries have not .
Subsidiarity should add something to the Community , not work against the Community .
In that act of co-decision of 26 April 1994 , the parties decided to review the financing of the framework programme , leaving open the possibility of a funding increase of ECU 700 million in view of the development of European financial perspectives .
In my capacity as chairman , with the agreement of all the Members , I wrote to President Hänsch on that occasion asking him to raise the matter at the meeting of the trialogue planned for this week thus safeguarding the rights of Parliament vis-à-vis the Council .
In the debate on the 1997 budget - and the vote will be taken tomorrow - the European Parliament is considering the possibility of putting ECU 100 million into the reserves for research and technological development .
My group voted for the amendment adopted by a large majority by the House to place the funds earmarked for Turkey within the framework of the MEDA programme , in accordance with the principle that all projects should be scrutinized by the European Parliament before they are adopted .
Mr President , I wish to explain my vote against the Posselt report , as I have already done throughout this part-session , by further condemning the scandal of a session document that contains an explanatory statement unacceptable to this House , denying the true history of the tragic post-war period in that region , and in Istria in particular .
A crucial role in terms of gross domestic product and employment in our continent which is more than ever in need of fresh incentives as a result of the objectives laid down by the treaties establishing the European Communities and confirmed and enlarged upon with the Maastricht revision .
As regards the completion of the single market : starting from an analysis which allows us to identify the different forms of tourism , we need , in my view , to promote those measures which can make a valid contribution to increasing supply , by attaching priority to those best suited to the region and the promotion of new tourist itineraries , such as real alternatives to the mass tourism with which many cities with an artistic heritage are no longer able to cope , and which encourage a break with seasonal tourism .
