of a large political group or are here as sole representatives of a group of electors .
The political groups constitute a practical arrangement for giving MEPs the opportunity to work in conjunction with more or less like-minded people .
A political group cannot have special rights to which MEPs outside the groups do not also have access .
Otherwise , we should not be equal under the law .
I am pleased that this was expressly stated by the Court of Justice in the grounds of the judgment whereby the Technical Group was disbanded because it expressly stated that it did not want to be a political group .
By implying in its judgment that MEPs who are nonetheless discriminated against are welcome to initiate new legal proceedings , the Court is doubtless concerned to ensure that the principle of equality is observed to the full .
It contains a long list of proposals designed to strengthen the groups , and it will also make it more difficult to form new political groups .
That is the compromise forced through by the large groups .
Whether one agrees or disagrees with the regionalists , they nonetheless have a common programme and are part of a common , supranational federation of parties in the form of the European Free Alliance .
The Greens were also such an entity before there were enough of them to form a political group .
Are we to lose a green group in Parliament because the Greens do not have sufficient support in an enlarged EU or because , following an election in Germany , they are perhaps back in a situation in which they have less than the minimum percentage of the votes which , undemocratically , is required of them if they are to be represented in Parliament .
Alternatively , take the Italian radicals who , with their international radical party , are registered with the UN and who have a Belgian representative on their list .
I think we are obliged to ensure that all those who cannot form an independent political group are able to have their proportionate rights recognised in the Rules of Procedure and by means of practical and pragmatic arrangements which guarantee genuine equal status .
If a political group is entitled to table an endless number of proposals , MEPs outside the groups should be allowed , at least once in a while , to table a proposal and have it debated and put to the vote .
A democracy is to be recognised by the way in which it treats its minorities .
We should give them the same rights enjoyed by those of us who have been fortunate enough to have a sufficient number of MEPs to form political groups .
What we need is Corbett 2 , giving individual MEPs their full rights .
Mr President , Mrs Frassoni has asked what it is we are about here today and what kind of problem we are trying to solve .
Why fix something that is not broken ?
I have to disagree with you on that point , Mrs Frassoni .
MEPs enter in turn and read out their two-minute speeches , and the result is Parliament in which there is in actual fact no proper lively debate .
People just do not get to see that , however .
One thing is certain , however , and that is that , if we ourselves do not try to do something , nothing will happen .
It is also excellent that we are now being given the opportunity to distinguish between what is important or controversial and what is not controversial .
I should like to conclude by saying a couple of words about the amendments tabled by the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs .
What those of us in the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs proposed was simply that Parliament 's role should be established in the light of this method .
The result would be more openness and more focus on this procedure .
It would also mean more democratic control in the framework of the open coordination method .
I would thank Mr Corbett for an outstanding report .
Mr President , I had really prepared myself for making a positive speech about higher quality European blood products , but I have to say that the way in which Mr Nisticò has acted as rapporteur on this matter is beneath contempt .
This was a compromise , even though Mr Nisticò is now shaking his head .
What Mr Nisticò is doing is beneath all contempt , and I should therefore like to say that , in connection with the vote later today , you should be prepared for our requesting a postponement .
It is not the way to treat fellow MEPs in Parliament .
To come here to the second reading in Parliament and , in spite of everything , state an unwillingness to stand by the agreement we had entered into is therefore quite extraordinary .
That is in any case the last agreement I enter into with Mr Nisticò and , as I say , we shall do what we can to have the vote on this matter postponed so that we can have it debated in detail with the leaders of the Group of the Europe People 's Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats and with the coordinator of that group in the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Policy .
What has happened in this matter is simply awful , and we shall not tolerate it .
Mr President , I shall merely make the one observation , to the effect that I stand by every single word I said in my speech .
I understand that it is an agreement by which Mr Nisticò still does not wish to stand