Consequently , if we judge it by its acts , as its President wants us to , the Commission has to be found guilty .
We have the right to know , first in order to restrict the damage done by past errors , but also in order to prevent them happening again , in some form of other .
Madam President , I am amazed that there have been no explanations of vote on the calendar of part-sessions .
The establishment of a genuine CFSP would involve , according to the report , and I quote , learning to share sovereignty equitably .
The CFSP is certainly one of the areas to which public opinion is - and has been made - highly sensitive .
As to the first point , the fact that some governments and - as we have just heard -some national public opinions in the Union do not in fact propose to take part in the implementation of an effectively common foreign policy should prompt us to understand them and endorse their awareness of strategic and diplomatic issues that concern us all , rather than harassing or denouncing them .
You have all heard this , you heard it just now .
And that is why the results cannot be satisfactory .
But the complexity of these situations and the legal vacuum at European level must not be taken as a justification for inertia and failure .
I could have simply read out the explanation of vote which I gave at the time .
There is only one point I would like to raise .
This is an illustration of the principle of the punishment fitting the crime .
We cannot accept this , and that is why we shall be rejecting the rapporteur 's suggestions .
I am firmly opposed to this reserve , quite simply because the calculations carried out by the rapporteur in the preparatory documents drawn up are , to a large extent , highly random in nature .
Since machines are said to be infallible and humans are said to make mistakes , the mistake would therefore be mine .
Thus , her intention is clear and her good faith not in doubt .
As regards our colleague Mrs Fouque , who is handicapped but has always very clearly shown her very positive attitude , I should add that it would seem to me deeply offensive to distort her wishes by making her cast a vote contrary to what she always intended .
Mr President , I propose that you use Parliament 's resolution to protest to the Tunisian authorities against the sentencing of the member of parliament , Mr Khémaïs Chammari .
This was a basic infringement of the right of every Member of Parliament to speak before the vote on amendments .
Madam President , I think that Mrs Poisson 's remark , if you will allow me to say so , poses a more general technical problem .
This being so , I request that gene therapy on germ cells be banned except for treatments of gonad cancers by radiotherapy or chemotherapy .
Of course , the Common Agricultural Policy is not exempt from criticism .
So what will the CDBI , the body responsible for drawing up the protocol , do ?
We import 250 , 000 tonnes against exports of 5000 tonnes , and we have created an anti-sheep mechanism !
Political expression is a criminal offence , forced labour is current practice .
On 4 July , many European journalists could not obtain a visa to take part in a meeting to express solidarity with Algerian journalists .
The Algerian authorities would thus be well advised to use other means to re-establish the rule of law in Algeria and not to attack the powers of the press , one of the pillars of the new society they are preparing to build .
Very briefly , Madam President .
However , I do not support the rapporteur 's wish that the Commission should proceed further against recalcitrant Member States before the Court of Justice by invoking Article 169 of the Treaty .
This is also the first time that a non-European country will be able to take part in Community research .
Is not the agreement on the search for better living conditions today particularly symbolic ?
Commissioner , the zero rate should not be rejected for administrative reasons when our budget has to be slanted towards stockbreeders without penalizing European producers of arable crops and consequently the whole of farm and food production .
It means a very limited and more flexible set-aside of cultivated land in order to adapt to market conditions , to restore the balance between export capacity and farmers ' incomes , and not to interfere with the emergence of new agricultural products which are not being over-produced .
This reveals the limitations of the very principle of set-aside for , at the same time as we are forcing all farmers to set aside part of their productive land , we are destabilizing the basic principle of secure world supplies of food .
Second lesson : the statistical error of the Commission .
In simple terms , what I should like personally is for the agricultural conversion rate to be used rather than the other one , because it protects the market better .
We say 'yes ' to the agricultural conversion rate and 'no ' to the customs rate .
Those who wish to scrap the Friday sitting do not really know what they are doing .
Urgent political matters Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the people of Cuba are suffering now , as the people of South Africa did in the past , from intolerable boycott measures .
They compel us to think about the image of those children , in an environment created by the media , created out