The Commission communication and the Titley report place the aim of a European defence industry in the framework of a European security policy , which means that unfortunately little attention is paid to the opportunities of transatlantic cooperation with the US within NATO .
There should have been more emphasis on the defence industry 's own responsibility in restructuring production .
I would also like to warn against a situation in which all kinds of bilateral agreements are agreed between multilateral trade systems .
There are even indications that Iran possesses nuclear weapons .
It is right for us here in this House to draw attention to it .
Children catch everyone 's imagination , but the fate of the elderly , the old and infirm , the old and mentally ill , does not so easily catch public attention .
The UNICEF report indicates that in many cases the situation has even got worse .
In a word , everything must be done to improve the fate of children in central and eastern Europe .
All in all the Green Group limits itself to criticising America -although America is prepared to send in dozens of tons of food aid .
Madam President , Mrs Bloch von Blottnitz is apparently accusing me of being unable to read , but I can indeed read very well .
I think that the European Union must also act to support consumer actions .
In my capacity as rapporteur I myself was responsible for introducing the social clause into the preferential system and it was on that basis that we were able to tackle Burma about lifting the system .
My group regrets the attitude of some EU Member States which prevented a motion for a resolution being tabled on behalf of the Union .
The Dutch minister was not welcome last week and China was laughing up its sleeve .
But then when a country that has the Presidency and is supported by other countries tries to do something , the first problem is to get it through the Council , and if that does not happen then as in this case you find these two countries that stuck out their neck are punished by the country that ought to have been penalised by the European Union .
Now we do indeed have a common trade policy and I think it therefore logical that both human rights and trade should be taken together in the European Union and Member States not be allowed to be played off against each other .
The prices of fossil fuels do not adequately take dwindling supplies into consideration .
This shows a commitment on the part of electricity producers voluntarily to generate a larger part of their production from renewable sources .
My advice is to opt for a kind of burden sharing when Member States convert to renewable sources .
Countries with the best opportunities must be 'hit ' with the highest percentages for the renewable part of energy supply .
We were told that we would meet the Commissioner of Social Affairs on the maintenance of driving and rest times .
Everyone is just saying : oh well , let us just come up with new proposals and then we will move one step farther instead of implementing what we now have .
The report also indicates that there serious differences between Member States in the frequency and implementation of checks and in penalties imposed .
We are keeping a careful watch , we shall have to do something .
I had understood that the group chairmen had reached agreement on a number of points which are unfortunately not included in the Tomlinson report , and we would like the chairmen and indeed the groups themselves to have the chance to discuss these in detail .
Commissioner , a few days ago your colleague Mrs Bonino stated that the humanitarian organizations were still unable to get to a number of places in Kivu where there were problems .
I do not know whether it is very sensible to talk here about a coup d'etat in Turkey , or to speculate on what our position would be towards it .
However , in taking any such action it must abide by the rules and principles of the constitutional state and the fundamental principles of human rights and , especially where military action is involved , it must refrain from using excessive violence to achieve its objectives .
The fact remains that this was a military incursion into neighbouring territory which is not under the control of the central authorities in Iraq .
You know that constant efforts are being made outside Turkey to bring the groups together to consider and discuss this question .
The Commissioner has just repeated what the Council of Ministers said : that there has to be a political solution to the Kurdish problem .
Both Mr Dankert and Mr Lambrias know that tremendous diplomatic and political pressure is being applied in talks with Turkey at present to try to find a breakthrough in the troubled relations between Greece and Turkey and to resolve the disputes in the Aegean Sea .
Here are the four points on which we in the Group of the European Liberal , Democratic and Reformist Party will judge whether or not Amsterdam is a success .
The Community cannot function like this .
I wish the President-in-Office every success in his work over the next few days .
It is a bureaucratic and technocratic solution to a political problem .
This involves the agriculture budget and the EDF , a total of ECU 50 billion .
We welcome this as an urgently needed measure .
It has been hampered in this by the elections in the United Kingdom and France , and the only question now is whether even modest progress is still possible .
The Council is largely to blame for the deepening democratic deficit