My report places particular emphasis on LNG which , in the very short term , may be the driving economic force for the economy of the Euro-Mediterranean market , not only for supply but also for sale , and in renewable energy sources , another form of economy for the Euro-Mediterranean area , but which are more short term .
One comment : the Union strategy and policy in terms of energy for Northern Europe are very well documented .
The report on the Union for the Mediterranean is important because it focuses on immediate and quantifiable targets .
It is particularly important for the Union for the Mediterranean to send out a message of democratic development , equality between men and women , and efforts for a civil society in the countries of North Africa too .
Particular importance must be attached to the question of illegal immigration and to effective border controls in the countries in the Mediterranean basin , especially Greece and Italy , which are gateways to the European Union for illegal immigrants .
Firstly , the rapporteur not only draws the wrong conclusions ; he also starts from the wrong premise in formulating his proposals , given that he claims that 'the single European market , along with the euro area , best illustrates the true meaning of EU economic integration and unity , and is certainly the most visible achievement of European integration for EU citizens ' .
The huge deficits and debts facing many Member States of the EU is indeed an important problem , having created the financial crisis which we are experiencing and which we all need to manage .
In order to be an effective lever in building peace and prosperity and in promoting human rights , cooperation between European countries and other Mediterranean countries needs to be based on the principles of equality and mutually beneficial cooperation for the people in the area .
This sort of cooperation should strengthen and promote social and cultural exchanges and help to shape common policies and actions to protect the environment and combat climate change .
In my opinion , it would be wrong and not enough to turn our attention merely to 'regulatory policies' , such as those presented in the report , which neither put the problem into perspective nor offer adequate solutions . Τhe Internet is a global public commodity and should function on the criterion of public interest .
Particular emphasis should be placed on the group of the population that is most vulnerable to attacks in cyberspace and the necessary restrictions should be imposed to protect minors to the greatest possible extent and to promote international cooperation in the fight against illegal and harmful Internet content .
The change taking place on the labour market due to the current economic crisis and the changing production process make it necessary to develop the innovation sector , which will generate not only technological but also social added value .
My question is this : are you considering , as the political leader of economic development in Europe and the Commission as a body , that the possibility should be examined of issuing European bonds to finance major European development investments , such as pan-European high-speed motorways , European research into climate change , e-health , a pan-European navigation system or major investments in energy , such as LNG terminals in the Euro-Mediterranean , in other words , major pan-European investment projects that will be funded by issuing bonds ?
Will Europe respond with major investments on a pan-European scale ?
The European Union and the European Central Bank have issued regulations granting credit rating agencies , such as Moody 's , SnP and Fitch , the right to evaluate not only businesses but also the Member States of the European Union themselves .
When the crisis broke , the same institutions of the European Union recognised the very negative role played by credit rating agencies .
We all know what the final results were .
It was this agency that is being accused by dozens of businesses of being coerced through ratings into paying fees .
As we know all this , as it is unacceptable for European economies to be rated by self-seeking private US agencies , this job should be undertaken by a public , democratically controlled agency which has no connection to private interests .
I do not know if the twelve page memorandum which you mentioned includes a reply to one part of my fellow Member 's question , to be precise , the integration of new countries into the euro area and the prospects for such integration .
Is it reliable ?
In my opinion , if today , in Greece , the retirement age is increased from between 5 to 17 years for women , that is due both to the capitalist system and to the 2020 strategy , which is not being contested .
Respect for the language of every nation is proof of respect for human rights and proof that a democratic state is functioning properly .
I voted against the report because , apart from the obvious question raised in connection with the labour rights of self-employed drivers , there are another two important sectors which require particular attention .
It is our responsibility , as members of the European Parliament , to do what we can to reverse this trend .
The right of consumers to know what they are consuming is not satisfied by labelling products and , more to the point , their right to healthy , safe and quality food is not safeguarded .
The contemporary need for healthy food can only be satisfied by changing the method of production and the purpose of food production .
The amendments tabled by the Confederal Group of the European United Left - Nordic Green Left were intended to help consumers know what they are eating , so that