This is not a concern solely for Greece .
It is a matter for Europe as a whole .
This was an accident waiting to happen .
Some of us have worked on the issue of ferry safety for many years , not least because other ferries in other parts of Europe have also sunk with a tragic loss of life , be it the Herald of Free Enterprise , the Scandinavian Star or , of course , most notoriously of all , the Estonia in the 1990s .
All these demonstrate that ferries are not safe enough .
In our view , this tragedy could well happen again .
Not because we have too few laws in Europe , but because the laws are not properly enforced .
It is not just Greece .
There are other Member States that do not comply with maritime safety laws and if I may , I will name some : Italy , Belgium , Denmark , Ireland and the Presidency , France , are all failing to implement the port-state control directive .
I hope today , and in the coming days and weeks , we will hear from the Commission on what action they propose to take against these Member States that do not take maritime safety seriously .
Mr President , Commissioner , I would like to join the name of my own group in expressing sympathy and solidarity with the families of the deceased and the survivors of the shipwreck and gratitude also to those involved in the rescue operations .
It is human nature to be the more affected by a tragedy the closer it comes to one .
If I speak with special feeling in this debate , it is because over the years Greece has become another home to me .
I have had many opportunities during this time to observe just how skilful Greek seamanship can be .
But the issue cannot be localised in this way .
In recent years many other lives have been lost at sea in our waters , not only by way of major ferry disasters but , on all too frequent a basis , from amongst our fishing communities .
That is why we have to address issues of maritime safety more generally and in the constructive way suggested in this motion .
I , too , would put particular stress on the need to implement properly the legislation we already have .
I would ask that we become even more cautious than we ever have been before about allowing derogations from future legislation where matters of safety are concerned .
Nor are such issues important only for those of us who come from areas where the sea is our highway or our place of work .
They are important for us all , even when we are not immediately affected .
This is so , if only because , in the words of the early English poet , John Donne , any man 's death diminishes me because I am part of mankind .
Mr President , on behalf of my group , I , too , should like to add our condolences to the families who have lost loved ones in this tragedy .
Our thoughts are very much with them at this particular time .
As a Member who represents Scotland , I feel a particular sadness and concern too about these events .
Although Scotland and Greece sit at the furthest edges of the European Union , we nevertheless share a common topography .
Both our countries have many island communities around our shores and as such the people of Scotland 's islands felt a particular sense of shock following the recent events in Greece .
Our island communities depend on ferry services as an absolute lifeline .
These ships provide transport for passengers and goods and ensure the sustainability of some of Europe 's most remote and fragile communities .
It is the duty of Member States to make sure that the owners and operators of ferries are aware of their responsibilities for the safe passage of people and goods .
We are fortunate in Scotland not to have directly suffered the type of tragedy to hit Greece but we are only too well aware that our waters are some of the most hazardous in Europe .
We have many concerns about the forthcoming tendering process which is under way .
I should like to ask the Commission for some assurance that in tendering for lifeline ferry services , or indeed any ferry services , safety is given its highest priority .
In the cut-throat world of tendering , all too often companies can be pushed into cost-cutting measures and I would not like to see safety measures being sacrificed .
It is simply not acceptable to the northern and western isles of Scotland , nor for the potential North Sea to European mainland crossing which I hope will be established in the not-too-distant future .
Our citizens deserve the best of safeguards in sea transport .
The trade unions who represent the men and women who work on ferries , as well as representatives of our seaboard communities , ought to be involved in discussions at the pre-tender stage , so that they can play a role in ensuring that safe practice is not sacrificed for the sake of profit .
Madam President , despite his twisting and squirming we are probably seeing Milosevic 's final moments in power .
It is a power that he has abused cynically and he is now trying to cheat democracy .
We are certain that Mr Milosevic will fall , possibly this evening , certainly soon .
What we are seeing on CNN is more than the fall of Milosevic .
It is the end of the dreary succession of 20th century European tyrants .
Serbia is suffering the final pangs of fascism on the fringes of our