They should be rejected , otherwise I shall be forced to ask my coordinator to vote against this report .
The new European Constitution should lead to harmonisation of criminal law and procedure in our Union .
In short , a lot of fuss has been made about nothing and Parliament has not achieved any results .
If this unfortunate habit and this constant lowering of tone are not stopped , next session we shall make sure we bring to this House ' s attention all the examples , public and private , of European party leaders who , in our view , damage Europe ' s image .
I believe the acting President contravened the Rules of Procedure .
I believe the Rules of Procedure should be obeyed to the letter : this applies to the left , the centre and the right ; it applies to everybody , because it is the Rules of Procedure that dictate civilised coexistence in this House .
In any case , the translation is evidently wrong .
Brunetta report ( A5-0434/2001 )
In this document there is nothing to help those who propose to use these means of communication to give information on employment rights , pension rights or social matters of interest to all citizens , particularly the elderly .
Mr President , I voted for Mrs Niebler ' s report on the radio spectrum in the European Community and its distribution , just as I voted for all the measures on telecommunications .
In particular , however , I call for a reduction in the working hours of those who work in toxic environments and , as a result , suffer from occupational illnesses , for this is one of the causes of the high public health costs , not just in terms of human lives but in financial terms as well .
There is also a lack of information on specific investment in modes of transport via EIB loans , the financial instruments for third countries , other public and private programmes and the Structural Funds themselves that is broken down by transport mode .
Demonstrations are legitimate in themselves as a means of displaying one ' s opposition to a policy - where this is the case - but they must be always and exclusively peaceful .
I remember , on one occasion , I could not release myself from the chains because I had unwisely thrown the key out of the window , but your comment makes the idea of carrying out such a peaceful form of protest and there being such a peaceful likely conclusion to it more feasible , more probable and more pleasant .
To give them what all the human rights declarations in the world , including the European declarations , fail to recognise as an individual right ?
Be good Samaritans .
A decision must be taken , even a unilateral decision , to establish international protection for the civilian population .
We must prevent conflict , and in order to prevent conflict it is often necessary to take risks , and that is what we are asking the Council , the Commission and Parliament to do .
I believe our task is to encourage the democratic forces , civil society and the many women and students who feel that , in the struggle between theocracy and democracy , it is possible for democracy to prevail .
This package was presented in the Committee on Citizens ' Freedoms and Rights , Justice and Home Affairs this morning , but we could not proceed to the discussion because of the very tight deadlines , and no report was drawn up .
Madam President , the Costa Neves/Buitenweg report deals with the general budget of the European Union .
I voted for the motion , Madam President , because I remember life on board very well , since at a young age I sailed on board passenger liners between New York and the Bahamas .
At crucial moments in the life of society it does not show itself as such , but emerges as the opinion of this or that government .
No.
How wonderful it would be , Madam President , if we could find a solution to prevent conflicts !
I shall therefore ask that these talks should continue and that we should have an exchange of members of Parliament between Iran and the European Union , and most of all I propose that you , Madam President , should invite President Khatami to address this House here in Strasbourg .
Mr President , I shall be very brief .
She says the streets in Kabul are once again crowded and the markets are full but there is no money and widows still live on charity and children scavenge on rubbish heaps .
Important steps have been taken for women to be included in the formation of the government , but that is not enough and the process is not finished .
To save her from worrying I shall say that I voted in favour .
Mr President , I voted for the report by Mr Nobilia , which is concerned with increasing employment in Europe .
How could I not have done so ?
What can be more nutritious than honey ?
Thank you , Madam President .
I see the path mapped out at Laeken as the only way of ensuring democratic legitimacy , ensuring that the Union can pursue integration and enlargement without the danger of its citizens subsequently rejecting the solutions adopted by their governments .
The events of 11 September were a reminder of what those who want to abuse and destroy freedom can do , and the Council ' s endorsement of our activities in the field of home affairs will help us to achieve our aim of building an area of freedom , security and justice in the European Union .
The ' Community method ' has served to