I believe that Isaac Newton would have some difficulty in understanding the cause and effect link between these two phenomena .
He is a public figure who is well known at European level , a figure who is at the forefront of Community affairs .
We know that , in any case , these are agreements bound by an obligation of compatibility with the Treaties regulating the life of the European Union and adjustments that must not hinder the functioning of the internal market .
Let us move onto the report .
I completely agree with the rapporteur in Article 33( 1 ) , when he calls on OLAF to inform the European Parliament in detail if an investigation takes longer than the prescribed nine months .
When Italy has the Presidency of the Council and I am President-in-Office again in thirteen and a half years ’ time , I will endeavour to ensure that all the citizens can travel throughout Europe to receive treatment for all illnesses .
The deadline for submitting applications is 31 December .
Mr President , I would like to ask you a question : in view of the fact that there is a resolution on this matter drafted by Mr Borghezio but that the timeframes will be very long , why does the German Government not act immediately ?
Another obstacle course has started , with regard to which we thought that the intuition of the Council Presidency in June 2002 provided a way out : giving the Member States and quoted companies respectively the possibility of choosing between the directive’s model with the passivity rule and the neutralisation of defensive measures - type A companies - or preservation of defensive measures - type B companies - all supplemented by a requirement of maximum transparency in a system to which a company is subject .
In this way , it is made possible for the market to reward them .
In Italy , where the current legislation  – the Draghi law   – is extremely open and effective from this point of view , we are already being asked to take a step backwards , and I would point out that we are not going so far in Europe in opening up to the competitiveness of companies .
In recent months , there has been intense cooperation between the Council and the European Parliament , and that is a positive result in itself .
However , the undertaking is given to try again in a few years , with the useful sunset clause , when the time will be ripe because the financial markets will have favoured the companies which opt to be competitive .
The directive is complex and the – positive or negative  – impact on the environment and the production system as a whole depends precisely on whether we strike the right balance .
This would appear to be a valid request and I do , indeed , recommend that the House support the directive .
Clearly , therefore , such intervention only becomes necessary in the case of what are known as ‘orphan’ or ‘public’ sites , or in the event that the operator fails to act .
As we know , the hope we all shared that the constitutional negotiations would be concluded within the 60 days we had available from the opening of the Conference in Rome has not been fulfilled .
Thanks to this impressive , patient , meticulous work  – for which I would like publicly to thank all those involved , in particular the Minister for Foreign Affairs , Mr  Frattini , who is sitting here on my right we have been able to resolve almost all the questions raised by the IGC participants without much diminishing the overall level of ambition of the Convention’s draft .
Thus , the final meeting had to decide on the composition of the European Parliament and the Commission , there were still some points to be clarified regarding the extension of qualified majority voting in the Council , and , most importantly , the method of calculating that vote remained to be defined .
Thus , an of negotiations remains from the Conference which all felt to be important and , I would add , not to be reopened .
All expressed the willingness to resume the debate , to preserve the on which all had agreed and to proceed with the goal of giving Europe a Constitution which would make it able to function properly , to take timely decisions and to act on the world stage as a political giant , not just an economic giant .
We set ourselves a two-fold objective : to create , by means of these projects , the conditions for improving the quality of material and immaterial infrastructure networks dedicated to linking up the great European market , especially with a view to enlargement , but also help to boost economic growth overall , and therefore employment , with adequate financial support .
In this same framework , the European Council has ratified the agreement on the decision to double the contribution from the Union budget increasing it from 10 % , as provided for up till now , to 20 % for interventions on cross-border sections .
This is a highly significant result in terms of the capacity to mobilise private funding for large-scale infrastructure projects .
Among the matters on the Lisbon agenda , we have focused , in particular , on the issue of employment and competitiveness in order to underline once again the need to pursue structural reforms .
This summit revealed the shared desire of the social partners to proceed with the implementation of the European Employment Strategy within a framework of greater flexibility and commitment to the greater enhancement of human capital .
I would also like to mention the understanding reached recently on the proposal for a directive on takeover bids .
One of the central themes of our work has been the development of common