Moreover , as Minister Carlgren has said , the recession has made it cheaper to reduce emissions .
You cannot say to the planet : ' Could you please give us another year or two ; there 's a recession on' , or ' The climate sceptics made us hesitate ' .
Thanks to the Stockholm Programme , the European Union will be able to improve the everyday existence of all EU citizens .
Security , well-being and equality are the result of consistent adherence to the rule of law , solidarity and non-discrimination in different areas of policy and when legislation is being drafted .
This is not just about marginal phenomena : according to a new Eurobarometer survey , one in six Europeans said they had experienced discrimination in the last five years .
The European Union 's value base is structured around a respect for the principles of human rights and equality .
I would also like to thank all of you for your excellent cooperation over the past five years .
The EU will take a long-awaited step forward next week when the Lisbon Treaty enters into force .
This will start a new era in the EU 's foreign policy .
This will enable us to continue our gradual and carefully managed accession process .
It is also true that the EU 's credibility as a global actor stands or falls by our ability to shape our very own neighbourhood .
Albania 's and Montenegro 's applications for EU membership underscore the Union 's continued power of attraction .
Given the economic crisis , all these countries might easily have turned inwards .
Instead , they continue to pursue European orientation with all the tough choices and bold reforms this entails .
Zagreb now needs to intensify its reform efforts , especially in the judiciary and the fight against corruption and organised crime , so that negotiations can be concluded .
Turkey plays a key role in energy security and in the dialogue between civilisations .
The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia has made convincing progress recently and substantially addressed the key reform priorities .
I have the impression that the government in Skopje has rightly seen our recommendation as an encouragement to finally settle the name issue with Greece .
There is now a new context , a new debate and a new window of opportunity that I trust both Skopje and Athens will indeed capitalise on .
Belgrade has demonstrated its commitment to EU integration , not least by implementing the interim agreement with the EU unilaterally , and I assume that the ICTY should now be satisfied with Serbia 's efforts .
Bosnia and Herzegovina presents its own serious challenges , partly due to its wartime history , but let me be clear that there can be no discounts in EU enlargement .
Respect for human rights is a founding principle of the European Union .
The EU and the US are engaged at the highest levels because we want Bosnia to succeed , and I believe it can succeed .
As for Kosovo , stability has been maintained but still remains fragile .
We identify eventual visa facilitation and trade as flagships once the conditions have been met .
I am glad and proud that , with the important exception of Cyprus , where settlement talks are still ongoing , nearly all our ambitions have materialised .
Besides , though I hoped for it , I did not dare to forecast progress on visa liberalisation five years ago .
It is therefore a very important reminder to all of us who work with south-eastern Europe of how attractive the European dream remains for millions of citizens in our immediate neighbourhood .
Let us keep that dream alive and , in time , make it a reality .
This debate has been in line with the best democratic traditions of this Parliament , and I am grateful for the broad general endorsement of our carefully conducted enlargement policy .
We have to be fair and respect the commitments we have undertaken to the countries that are covered by our consolidated enlargement agenda in south-eastern Europe , that is , the western Balkans and Turkey .
It is also the best recipe for anchoring stability in the western Balkans and driving reforms that enhance fundamental freedoms in Turkey .
And , as Carl requested , some work will also be left for my successor , for the next Commission and for this Parliament .
Be that as it may , it has been great to work with you .
Let us recall that EU enlargement has greatly contributed to the fact that Europe today is whole and free .
Smoking is the greatest single cause of premature deaths in Europe .
Passive smoking is a moral problem , because those who suffer have no choice .
Every year , smoking leads to the premature death of almost 100 000 Europeans .
Many Member States have already implemented some excellent measures .
Now , two years later , people are only grateful .
It needs to be recognised that the recommendations have not been sufficient everywhere .
I therefore agree with the view that Parliament expressed in 2007 that the content of the Tobacco Products Directive needs to be made more stringent and incorporate the liability of the manufacturers for the costs of health care due to the consumption of tobacco .
Mr President , it is welcome news that the Association of Southeast Asian Nations has established a regional Human Rights Commission .
Against this background , it is shocking to meet Vietnamese monks who have been the victims of a violent attack .
The position of religious communities seems to be becoming more and more difficult in Vietnam .
Mr President , someone here asked why this resolution to promote dialogue was put forward .
I am sorry that Commissioner de Gucht is not even listening to what I am saying but chooses to talk to