.
That is also bad for the competition situation in Europe .
We should ensure that a level playing field exists for all EU operators .
I would hope that the Council would agree to start negotiations with China and give the Commission a proper mandate for achieving a common aviation agreement .
It is estimated that in 2030 humankind will still be producing 80 % of its energy using fossilised fuels .
It can be estimated that at present consumption rates the EU’s own supplies of gas will be enough for just six or seven years .
The use of Norwegian and North African gas for the EU’s needs increases the time perspective for gas consumption by 20 years , but it is 50 years in the case of Russia .
The next few years will see the development of cheaper methods in the liquefaction of gas , which will allow for a wider range of possibilities in importing gas .
America’s own gas reserves will not be enough for even 10 years .
The project is understandable , because some of the countries the pipeline now passes through are hostile towards Russia .
Who owns the supply company Ros-Ukr-Energo ?
On the basis of published data , I have worked out that it unaccountably benefits from the agreement to the tune of USD 600–800 million a year .
Our group supports good partnership relations and cooperation on energy with Russia .     Mr President , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , Commissioner , in twenty years or so we will actually be 90 % dependent on imports of gas .
The further east a Member State is , the more dependent it will be on gas from Russia .
I therefore do not believe that the dual pricing of energy can last very long in Russia’s foreign trade either .
Such things are not done in European trading ; it does not go on very much in less significant areas , let alone in such major contexts .
The situation with regard to energy in the European Union is continually on the verge of a crisis .
We must have viable and diverse energy sources quickly , with a wide range of supply arrangements and networks of conveyance , and time is of the essence : our bedrooms could get cold at any time .
How are we preparing for a longer cut in the power supply , Commissioner ?
For example , in my country , Finland , there was fear for a long time that the original Commission proposal on this subject would end sugar cultivation in our country entirely .
There is no way anyone can say that Finland has gained from this , but now it is important that you , Commissioner , assure Finnish farmers as well as farmers in the other small Member States that in future , agreements will be kept to and that all countries will be able to engage in farming .
This way needless fears can be dispelled .
This is the wrong impression to give , and I hope , Commissioner , that you will reassure us that in all matters relating to agriculture , Parliament will always be heard in good time and that there will always be cooperation .
It concerns important environmental legislation which relates to access to environmental information and the right of citizens to participate in decision-making .
These pillars concern the transparency of environmental information and the Community’s right to be involved .
I have always stressed the importance of the rights of citizens regarding matters of the environment .
Openness and transparency are the lifeblood of democracy and a fundamental component of our own safety .
The European Parliament’s Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Food Safety , when it voted , clearly altered the focus of the provisions , taking the Convention to what in my opinion was an undesirable level .
As a politician , I am not , however , prepared to delegate in this way the power democratically bestowed on me and controlled by the people , and I hope that tomorrow this matter will be put right in the plenary vote .
The position of Parliament’s Committee on the Environment now means , however , that any NGO within the EU can evade this provision by requesting an internal review , which the Community institution must reply to with a formal decision .
In a democracy it is the people who are the highest authority , and the decision-makers whom they elect implement their will .
Now , however , we would be placing NGOs above the people and that is difficult for me to accept .
Please do not misunderstand me : we need environmental organisations , and the world would be a much poorer place if NGOs had not justifiably raised many important questions .
The first states that an NGO must have operated in more than one EU country for at least two years .
The members of our committee in this report have tabled amendments which I am happy to agree with .
In fact , however , that is all I want from the environmental organisations .
If they themselves complied with what they demand of us , if they were more transparent in their activities and funding procedures , and if they gave less misleading and mistaken information , we would not need to impose these restrictions and criteria .
A good example of this is the letter that came this week from the biggest environmental organisations , which gives the wrong picture of the opportunity that is possibly now opening up to them of access to justice in court .
Instead , the environmental organisations should now be able to choose , within the entire Union and ignoring criteria relating to interested parties , which area they are interested in .
