We do not need a study if we can have a good answer on this point .
It would satisfy me .
Mr President , let me begin by saying that I think the report which Mr Frischenschlager has presented is very interesting and well-written .
However , on that point we must ask whether there really is anyone who believes in a European cooperation , a development of the EU , without political will and , above all , without the will of the people ?
The conclusion is that closer cooperation should be avoided so that we do not create a two-speed Europe .
Wrongly used , it becomes a dividing force .
The possibility of flexibility means that the discussion does not always have to be conducted with consideration for a small minority of integration opponents .
The existence of neutral countries obstructs integration in the second pillar .
History shows that it is easier to join an existing cooperation .
Madam President , we are now discussing a good report which contains a lot of good ideas for the Commission to work on .
This is very pleasing .
Yesterday we had a debate on financial instruments .
If they are used in the right way , they can undeniably contribute to a better environment and increased employment .
With increased growth the opportunities for us to invest in a better environment increase .
The European Council 's recommendations on how we can increase employment in Europe are clearly closely linked to the subject we are discussing this evening .
Madam President , I would like to begin by congratulating Mrs Hulthén on an excellent report on two very important and pressing themes , namely , the environment and employment .
Since Commissioner Bjerregaard is here at this late hour , which I really appreciate , I would like to urge the Commission to approve as soon as possible Sweden 's action plan for employment and 'green jobs ' which has been waiting for approval from the Commission since November .
Mr President , I was extremely pleased to hear the chairman of the Committee on the Rules of Procedure , the Verification of Credentials and Immunities share the opinion put forward in the report on access to documents , namely that it is wrong for the Bureau to have adopted the rules on our own openness , and that they contain shortcomings .
Furthermore , I would like to say that our group cannot support recital G of the report .
Mr President , it is evident that with his work the Ombudsman has already played an extremely positive role in working towards increased openness within the EU.
The court process also has several weaknesses .
Consequently , I will also be voting against recital G of the report .
I would just like this to be recorded in the Minutes before the vote .
It is not because the population has shown no interest ; on the contrary , turnout was extremely high and it also took place very peacefully .
No, the reason is instead that the government and authorities have acted and totally undermined the credibility of the electoral process so that there can no longer be any guarantee of democratic control and insight or of those things associated with a democratic election .
I really hope that the Commission will exercise pressure to bring about a corridor for humanitarian aid .
I therefore fully support paragraph 11 of this resolution , which proposes that a delegation from the ACP-EU Joint Assembly be sent to the country to find out both how aid can be provided quickly and how we can help to resolve the conflict .
We cannot prevent earthquakes from happening , but we can , of course , alleviate the effects of them by building houses that are technically more stable and by establishing early warning systems .
It is therefore incomprehensible that the Turkish government is now planning to construct a nuclear power station , the first one in Turkey , only 100 km from this area .
It must be possible for one airline to show that it is better than another .
The best way to get the airlines to treat their passengers in the correct way is , however , to ensure that competition is improved on more routes than is currently the case .
It would be interesting to obtain an answer on this today from the Commissioner responsible .
If it is not the case that the Commissioner is having a little joke with us , the best way to treat this particular article is to consign it to the nearest wastepaper basket .
Mr President , fortunately there is no arrangement in this Parliament or any other for having to pay compensation for running over time .
Otherwise we would all be much the poorer .
I hope she will be very happy in her new role .
I hear Mr Stenmarck saying he is embarrassed by it .
The practicalities of airline operation mean that some overbooking is unfortunately unavoidable .
All of that is important in order to demonstrate to passengers that the Community framework for aviation is bringing tangible benefits , not only through lower prices and improved choice on many routes but also quality of service and user protection .
We are not in the least distracted from these important activities by pursuing the legislation which is before the House today .
Amendments Nos 5 and 19 which extend application of the regulation to Community carriers returning from third countries are also acceptable in principle , as is Amendment No 6 since it precisely defines the airline 's responsibility to identify passengers still in the queue at the time of closing the check-in .
The Commission can also accept in part Amendment No 9 which establishes a better basis for improved customer information .
We