no strings attached .
I do not altogether agree with the objectives of the agreements , although I do believe that the effort put into ties with the Mediterranean countries is certainly justified , in view of the agreements reached by the various parties .
Naturally , these connections too must be consistent with efforts to achieve a sustainable system of transport .
And in any case , we have quite a few other political problems to resolve over our relations with Turkey before there can be any question of its joining the Union .
I think we all want a state which is seeking membership of the European Union to give proper heed to this minority issue .
This House has never expressed the slightest support for the actions of this man and his PKK , however tragic and hopeless the fate of the Kurds might have seemed .
There are many organisations among the Kurds which do respect the rules of democracy .
Turkey must move forward with the social and economic development of south-eastern Turkey .
So in other words it is an exceptionally hypocritical text .
But I think it has so far been extremely difficult to give aid to an area where two parties are engaged in military confrontation .
But I am glad that the matter of cut flowers , which was causing quite a few problems in my own country , has at least been resolved .
So I wonder if we are not partly to blame .
I have said right from the start that working time has to be the decisive factor in the transport sector , inclusive of other activities over and above merely sitting behind the wheel or otherwise travelling in a vehicle , ship or whatever .
I have just one or two more comments to make .
In 1996 , the Commission submitted its proposal to have Turkey included in the Socrates , Youth for Europe and Leonardo programmes .
We know very well that a start cannot be made before the year 2000 .
I am not aware of any .
It gives the Member States more flexibility in applying the minimum rate of 57 % of the retail price .
If there is any reason to tax hand-rolling tobacco or shag differently from cigarettes , then the tax should in fact be higher , because shag is generally more harmful than cigarettes .
If smoking is harmful to health , it is also harmful to the health of the poorest people .
I really cannot follow that at all .
She made reference to research carried out by Member States and professional organisations .
The sense of that escapes me .
They do not all attach the same importance to environmentally friendly methods of collection .
It is not his fault that the report is late , it is just one of those things .
The better we are able to map and resolve the problem of potential chain reactions , the more successful we shall be in tackling the millennium problem .
I do not think the European Union can remain passive on this question .
Finally , Mr President , a question for you .
Above all , I find the situation in Russia and a number of Central and Eastern European countries alarming .
So that is one more reason to give some thought to this question .
So I would urge Commissioner Bangemann to place this subject high on the agenda , not just because of the risks of not being insured , but above all because of the damage to the environment if things do get irretrievably out of control .
We can fool ourselves that we are all-powerful and talk about the 'triumph of technology ' , but meanwhile that same technology is an enormous threat .
If there are major differences in safety and health legislation , that leads directly to all manner of distortions of competition .
I see we have Mr van den Broek here with us .
That is not acceptable , in my view , and we have tabled an amendment accordingly .
OMS attacks the nervous system and can cause severe forms of brain damage .
I would urge the Commission to ensure that other countries too make progress on this front .
Secondly , I wish to comment on the question of structures .
I would argue that for men too there may be typical work-related problems and conditions , and we would like to see more attention paid to those .
You should make sure that you are better informed , instead of sitting shuffling papers and smugly concluding that on paper everything looks just fine .
Mr President , what you have just said is all very well , but we should respect our own Rules of Procedure , especially on a day like today .
That is no kind of a solution .
Various honourable Members have sought to uphold Friday as a full day of the part-session , and we have done that in circumstances which were often difficult .
Women are entitled to be safe and to be treated with human dignity .
To a lot of men , including men in this Chamber , violence against women is a marginal and rare phenomenon , at least in the European Union .
I have tabled a number of amendments on behalf of my group to ensure that this is made clear in the resolution , in the title and in a number of paragraphs as well .
But it took some time before women too realised that we must not simply act to defend the victims better , but that violence is a problem of men which must therefore be tackled by men .
A gender-specific approach to health care can reduce its cost .
Mrs van Dijk 's report was not acceptable to us and we could not approve it .
