of a saying coined by one of our poets , Hans Magnus Enzensberger : ' He , seated in a common place , / thought up another commonplace . '
Mr President , President of the Commission , ladies and gentlemen , 15 January 2002 is an important day in the history of the European Parliament .
I should like to propose that , on the day that the accession agreements are signed with the first accession countries , we invite observers here to the European Parliament so that they might begin preparing these countries for the democratic elections to be held there in 2004 .
When I hear though , as I do now , our esteemed Chairman of the Socialist group demanding a paper vote and claiming that to be the only correct form of secret ballot , I would like to refer , Mr President , to your initial statement to the effect that an electronic ballot is a secret ballot and in accordance with the Rules of Procedure .
You have yourself observed that you are here for the first time .
I recall how friends in my party looked at Italy before the introduction of the euro , doubted whether Italy should join the common currency and wondered whether policies of stability were really pursued there .
There will always be a warm welcome for you from us in Parliament .
It is our opinion that we too should have a call back position should the secondary legislation not work well .
Mr President , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , Mr President of the Commission , from the point of view of foreign policy , the Spanish Presidency comes at a time when there is war between two atomic powers to be prevented , peace to be established in the Middle East , and the Barcelona process to be brought to a successful conclusion , because , if we are not successful in these areas , they may have a merciless effect on our immediate interests .
I am very grateful to Mr Salafranca for bringing Groucho Marx into the discussion earlier on .
Should military actions also become necessary , as they did after 11 September , what we call the principle of the rule of law nevertheless remains untouched .
On the other hand , though , we also have to ask ourselves what conditions are required for the euro , our common currency , to be successful in the long term ?
I believe that is surely the most important task facing us as the European Parliament .
We call upon Denmark , Sweden and Great Britain to come into the eurozone in their own interest before eastward enlargement takes place .
Our commitment as a Parliament to monetary dialogue with the European Central Bank was particularly important .
On the other hand , though , there must also be the guarantee that nobody tendering for a contract can gain unjustifiable advantages for himself .
We have incorporated in the Utilities Directive and in the draft under consideration today two important items of potential significance to municipal enterprises , one stating that associated or joint companies with at least a 50 % average share in turnover shall be excluded from the scope of the Directive .
Only then can we guarantee that the possibility of manipulation does not eventually arise , with the authorities that invite the tenders ending up able to use , as it were , criteria introduced into the discussion retrospectively to come to decisions that have quite different backgrounds from those under discussion here and which are informed by objective criteria .
This is one of this House 's most problematic legislative proposals , and you have so far piloted us through its depths and shallows very well .
Principals , such as municipalities for example , may now only think , in purely egotistical terms , of the immediate benefit to themselves .
Let me give an example .
I see a requirement for the new Directives to be progressive , fair and functional .
Despite our criticisms , we have to improve on the Council 's proposal without completely rejecting it .
For these reasons , too , we need a strategy for the development of more environmentally friendly products and services .
Ever since Lisbon , we in Europe have had the ambitious objective of being the best in the world , and technology and science are of course part of that , although I am not primarily thinking of the electronic voting apparatus we tested yesterday , but of advanced technologies such as , for example , telecommunications , earth observation and ecology .
I therefore ask for support for the amendment that Giles Chichester and I have brought in .
Independence means our own strength , autonomous structures and jobs geared to the future .
Particularly when Christian and religious values are at issue , values of which you , Mr President , have always rightly reminded us .
We need the profession of driver to be enhanced ; that is what the Directive is meant to do .
The subject is simply too important .
We must give even more attention to the maintenance of healthy stocks than we did previously , because only healthy marine eco-systems guarantee sustainable management with a future ahead of it .
We share the view that the subsidiarity principle means that , although there must be targets as regards what training must incorporate , the actual form and method of training must be left to the national authorities .
We must not go down the road of making excessive demands of each other .
I would , though , like to ask the Commissioner present to enlighten this House as to why the Commission , despite my having had a meeting with a Commission representative only yesterday , did not inform me or the honourable Members of this House about this report