The environment is a crucial resource .
That being the case , we firmly believe that we should still cooperate , as we are quite prepared for the House to be involved with the project work and the debate which you , Commissioner , will be able to bring forward .
Finally , the European Union must continue to give its own support and assistance to the civilian population seeking refuge in other parts of the country and continue with all diplomatic efforts to bring an end to this dreadful conflict .
The issue of Afghanistan emerged long since without anyone intervening .
Now it is seeking to make amends by calling for the cooperation relationship to be broken off and for Afghanistan to be isolated , thereby adding to the suffering of the civilian population which is living through the atrocities of war .
Just yesterday , in the city of Mazar-i Sharif , thousands of women protested against the Taliban , calling for support from the international community .
Finally , I call upon the states and the European Institutions to speed up the accession of Cyprus to the European Union , as this is a crucial step in moving towards a real solution to the Cyprus problem .
The violent clashes of last September between the Rwandan and Zairean armies , the clashes between the Tutsi Banyamulenge militias of Zairean origin and the Zairean army itself and the heightened tension that exists in Rwanda and Burundi leave me greatly concerned for the future .
The deep-seated instability that prevails in the region of the Great Lakes makes the situation delicate and worrying because there is a risk of more general war .
A positive step is , however , the new joint action decided upon by the European Council .
They have proved to be of absolutely no use for the military purposes for which they were designed .
But if our strategy is to be credible , we must start by setting a good example and thus proceeding unilaterally , as countries of the European Union , to dismantle the arsenals of mines that exist in Europe and stopping the manufacture of mines , including those not intended for export .
The third is quantitatively to expand European tourism , by removing the obstacles to any development .
It is difficult for the railway system to compete with other forms of transport and , as far as we are concerned , we must promote it ; the proposal on the calculation of external costs is a positive one .
Madam President , I shall go for keywords : the issue of monitoring is a very sensitive one .
We are therefore supporting the Commission 's requests both as regards the aid for the launching of producer organizations and the application of the ECU conversion rate , based on the exchange rate supplied by the association of fisheries organizations .
In those terms , then , we consider that Parliament must play a positive role and it seems to me that your statements have hinted at a willingness to view favourably the proposals that the House will be drawing up on the proposed reform of the COM.
This House , as we know , is not able to initiate legislation - save in the case of the very limited procedure under Article 138b of the Treaty - except , obviously , indirectly , by tabling amendments .
It follows - though this is not spelled out in our text - that , in accordance with the general principle governing parliamentary decision-taking , our resolution will have to be preceded by a process of analysis and selection carried out by the standing committees .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , as far as this report - which Mr Manzella has certainly approached with a great sense of responsibility is concerned , we are opposed in particular to a decision that appears to have been taken .
The point of the amendment , Mr Manzella , is clearly to retain the concept of agreement between the Institutions in establishing the legislative programme .
Refugees and displaced people are not an amorphus mass to be helped but individuals needing to be assisted and motivated so that they are able to cope with current and future needs .
The fact is that even now we are continuing to destroy the natural environment and are not pursuing even the minimum objectives of human development .
The key word used is 'sustainable ' and not 'lasting ' development : this means making changes in current development , production , consumption and behavioural models in order gradually to steer human activity and development towards sustainable , that is acceptable , forms that will enable us to live in an environment that is in a healthy state and , at the same time , guarantee a proper level of social well-being and public health for all .
The aim is certainly an ambitious one and its achievement depends on the coordination and consistency of the political strategies that are to be put into effect .
Mr President , I am here to explain the basic reasons which led the Committee on Culture , Youth , Education and the Media , to support , by a large majority , the amendments which we , as a committee , are tabling here .
We should like to hope that the Council will show political wisdom and that it will be possible to reach the conciliation process without finding the door firmly closed - that would make a mockery of the principle of codecision and therefore be an affront to the European Parliament .
And that also applies to quotas .
While noting that some of the improvements made , in June , by the ' Cultural Affairs ' Council concerned the protection of minors , telesales and the