Mr Gutiérrez Díaz , I would first like to say that I believe your profession as a paediatrician has been a great help to you in understanding many of the issues discussed here in Parliament .
I would like to thank you on behalf of the Union for Europe Group , and in Portuguese , for the patience , humour and wisdom that has marked everything you have done here .
You have conducted a fine campaign , you have acted with great dignity and have always behaved impeccably in all the dealings that I have had with you .
Mr President , the Berlin Agreement has enabled the European Union 's main issues to be opened up , but it has not done anything to secure the future of the European Union in the long or even medium-term , because the Agenda 2000 Agreement went far beyond what was necessary .
I shall give you two examples from the country I know best , which is my own .
I hope therefore that he will understand my questions , which are frank , direct and of a practical nature .
At the same time , it has partially lifted the embargo on the United Kingdom .
There is an even more serious side to this !
My country 's government set up a programme of national assistance , as did others .
You see , Mr President , to my mind , the Commission is not a government , and here we have a difference of opinion : a government is what each of us has in his own State .
I can confirm this as I witnessed the elections in Timor personally , on behalf of this Parliament .
The forthcoming turn of the century will be a decisive event for Europe .
I must ask you though , what specific action are you planning to take - in co-operation with the UN of course - in terms of consolidating Timor ' s now irreversible independence and making it viable , and in terms of supplying emergency aid to the long-suffering people of Timor ?
I would like to know if , as President of the Commission , you will attempt to commit yourself to resolving the very serious social problems which exist within the European Union , and which , to my mind , should be an absolute priority for the Commission .
Of course , because the basis for legal measures which we can implement is found within the framework of a Charter of Freedom and Fundamental rights .
Although much has been done relating to the economic aspects of the Union and the strengthening of its political dimension , there remains a great deal to be done in the area of genuine freedom of movement for our citizens .
We in the European Parliament have the will to do this , we expect a great deal from the work of Commissioner Antonio Vitorino on the Commission , and from the Council .
This is why the central features of the positions held are still neo-liberal and federalist policies , although in a few cases , there were hints of social concern in the speeches , but without any concrete suggestions as to how they might be implemented .
These are the main reasons for a vote against the new Commission .
As the international community finally woke up to Indonesia ' s oppression , the idea that freedom was on its way grew in their minds .
This is why thousands of deaths were recorded , hundreds of thousands of refugees left without protection , starving , many of them wounded or ill .
Humanitarian aid must be guaranteed , and the European Union must play a leading role in this .
Mr President , I should add that an agreement was signed under the auspices of the United Nations and its Secretary-General in May of this year , precisely in order to conduct a serious consultation with the people of Timor .
We have now had a statement from the Security Council of the United Nations which condemns what has taken place in Timor , recognises the rights of its people , and orders the dispatch of a peacekeeping force .
I hope that the European Parliament can match up to its responsibilities and is able to condemn what has happened in East Timor and to come to the rapid and efficient aid of its people .
But with the signing of the New York Agreement between Portugal and Indonesia , under the auspices of the United Nations , it was thought that the way was finally clear for the resolution of all these problems .
We must also recognise that Indonesia did not fulfil the commitments it accepted in the New York Agreement , which required the intervention of the UN Security Council through the dispatch of a peacekeeping force , with a clear mandate and a defined time-scale , to guarantee security and peace in the territory and to prevent further genocide .
( The President cut the speaker off )
It has been abandoned twice in twenty-five years : once by Portugal in 1974 and , until now , by the international community which has been unable to honour the commitments it made to the Timorese people .
What happened after the referendum deserves greater condemnation .
The first is that this Parliament must also understand that Portuguese colonisation never did to the Timorese what Indonesia has done to them .
What can be said then about the conduct of the international community in the days following the terror ?
The tragedy of the Timorese , the tragedy in which they have been caught is that there are few of them , that they are poor and Catholic... and that they have oil , which is too serious a matter in the eyes of some international powers to be