One last point : the interoperability obligation must apply to contractual regulations too .
If anyone wants to pull out ofthis compromise , they are free to do so , but they would , without a doubt , be making a mistake : this is the best decision that could have been made and it must therefore be supported .     Mr President , I feel that Mr  Hatzidakis ’ joke about the laborious nature of the task for all the Members of Parliament is the most concise , and also the best description of the work that has been carried out .
It was a difficult task in that we were working on a temporary basis with a Council that was often careless , heedless and given to putting off addressing or resolving issues until the last minute .
The Commissioner pointed out that , while the most polluting lorries will continue to circulate throughout Europe , Austria will be preserved from a situation which other countries continue to suffer .
Yet our problems are the same as those of which Austria complains and the environmental damage is the same .
However , we need to make things very clear to the companies managing intermodality .
Parliament attempted to address them by adopting 40 amendments .
We have therefore produced a mechanism which introduces a tier-system for services which have to be provided to passengers , and , most importantly , a full range : from minimum service – on-the-spot assistance in airports in the event of cancellation of flights or excessive delays of over five hours  – to some sort of compensation for damages , specifically financial compensation , which is the highest level of protection we have provided .
Otherwise , we risk continuing doing what we are currently doing : with our money , with public and private money , we are creating and financing software systems that allow dictatorial regimes and , increasingly , our countries too to censure , filter and prevent access to the information society .
I would also thank the Commission , and in particular , Mrs Schreyer , for making a significant contribution to this process , as well as the Council Secretariat .
Europe should , for example , call for a move towards authorising Russian identity documents for citizens of Abkhazia and now also for the third dissident region because , after the forced resignation of Mr Shevardnadze , a third dissident region is emerging , Ajaria .
I have , of course , already expressed my solidarity with those who were directly affected by these acts of violence , but I do , however , agree with those who say that we must not give too much publicity to those who want to weaken the democratic institutions though violent acts and intimidation .
This is , in my view , an extremely serious act and a breach of the sovereignty of the Palestinian Authority .
How are we going to deny other countries something tomorrow that we are today granting to the US ?
The real issue is the lack of will on the part of Member States to respect these provisions and the fact that , I am sorry to say , immediate corrective action has to be taken today when there have been terrible disasters .
Not adding anything to what has already been stated , I would just say that I too support approval of a very strong initiative , which the Commission has made very effective in this direction , which we hope will find a convergence and a common direction within the Council too , as well as the completion , therefore , of legislation that we need and which , by accepting the proposals in question today , we will make our partial contribution , which will however be specific and important .
This would be a great step forwards , also for a whole range of other issues that we are faced with in the European Union , not least that of illegal immigration .
It would be a mistake to enshrine this and set it in stone .
I believe that , as is stated in Article 19 of the report , the current provisions for the internal market and competition ensure , in itself , that in this and other sectors , public measures , where necessary , are adopted within the context of the rules already laid down by the Treaties , guaranteeing that the economy providing public services is competitive and dynamic .
The so-called reform has not made sufficient progress in this regard .
I would like to again consider the further concessions and the proposal for duty-free access , because this does not , in my view , constitute the most effective means to help farmers in these countries , whilst it would permanently jeopardise many strategic European products .
President Khatami’s Iran is an Iran where , according to official data , not only do they continue to stone men and women to death , but where , on 3 February 2003 , Ayatollah Mahmoud Hashemi-Shahrudi said to Chris Patten that , at the moment , Iran does not provide for an alternative to stoning to death , and he said this to us !
We also know only too well that in the Member States various requirements , especially those relating to health and hygiene , must , rightly , be met in order to market canned fish products produced in Europe .
The issue of fishing gear and environmental sustainability in this extremely important fisheries sector were well dealt with , and there are two further issues where  – and here I would like to appeal to my fellow Members  – we must try to maintain a balance .
Yet , with the vote tomorrow and the conclusion of the second reading , we can say that the process is essentially concluded with the agreement of