All this is illustrated by the fact that the amendment proposed by the MEPs of the Communist Party of Greece , calling on the ? U to cooperate directly with Belarus in combating trafficking in human beings , was rejected in favour of an amendment requiring Belarus to toe the EU line .
The ruling was returned on 26 January ; unless I am mistaken , that was a fortnight ago today and we are waiting to see if her passport will be returned so that she can leave the country .
I get the impression that , once again , you have said nothing new .
Should something more be done to integrate women economically , not just something more generous , such as small loans , proper jobs and training , but something to guarantee and fund mechanisms to monitor if these issues and challenges receive equal legal treatment ?
And how should any new factor , by which I mean the impact of a possible war with Iraq on GDP , be taken into consideration ?
It has 3.2 % , compared with 4.6 % in Holland , 2.5 % in France and far fewer in Germany .
There is no interference whatsoever on our part in workers ' take-home pay ; all we are doing is securing their minimum rights and we can see that , so far , this model has been a success in the two countries in Europe which have applied it .
If minimum rights - no more and no less - were protected , it would become a dynamic sector .
That represents an increase of 4 million people .
Neither the trades union nor employers are happy with the present directive , because it tries to strike a balance between creating a real incentive to employ temporary workers while abiding by the basic European principles and minimum protection for workers enshrined in the Treaty .
We have not added so much as a comma over and above the minimum protection for workers .
I am open to any information they may have to give me .
But apart from that , as far as payment is concerned , the directive does not interfere at all , it does not call for any sort of equivalence , except where the worker replacing the person off work has exactly the same qualifications , exactly the same seniority and exactly the same number of years ' experience .
Meeting the demographic challenge is one of the main problems facing the countries of Europe .
First , the population is ageing and has a longer life expectancy ; that people are living longer is a good thing and is due to better living conditions and medical care , but it calls for special policies to manage this ageing population .
It includes legislation , especially legislation to support parents with young children and basically help them reconcile working and family life , policies on gender equality and women 's access to the job market - remember families often have serious financial problems - and of course social policies , especially social infrastructures .
It was an oversight on my part in my first speech that I omitted to mention the fact that one of the Commission 's basic jobs is monitoring demographic developments and this is presented in the annual social report supported by the European Observatory on the Social Situation , Demography and Family , which funds important studies .
I am afraid , Mr Fatuzzo , that if we link the number of new jobs to the number of births , we shall be in for some very unpleasant surprises .
So it is vital for us to realise that the situation as it is today will create serious problems on the existing job market , where we look set to have a shortage of workers under 30 from 2030 onwards .
The figures are indeed worrying .
When we analyse pension systems and their problems , we generally talk of the need to increase the retirement age .
Of course , there is the major social sector you referred to , where you do not have full employment but you offer social services with certain specific incentives .
This is a well-produced piece of work on the part of the Commission which allows us to look as far forward as 2010 .
I should like to qualify these principles by making a few comments on some of the individual issues .
First of all , the debate on trans-European networks must at some point stop being a debate and must be fleshed out , by which I mean that the trans-European networks will need to be promoted in practice and this will require political will on the part of the Member States on the one hand and both national and Community funding on the other .
The Council needs to push the second railways package through as quickly as possible on the basis of Parliament 's proposals , so that the European Union has something to show for itself in the railway sector .
Fifthly , road safety .
We need to look at this issue but we need to be very careful because it is a rather delicate issue and , although the Commission needs to act , it needs to take careful stock before it makes any proposals .
Under the capitalist system , however , scientific progress serves the market , not society .
If remote regions , disabled people and so on run these risks , what can we say about the mass unemployed , the mass underemployed , the even bigger mass of the poorly paid ?
Will developing third generation services or European operational systems resolve the problem ?
Perhaps the very air we breathe ?
This will prove that we know how to bolster confidence , security and optimism in Europe .
A