the European Council , there was widespread agreement that the Member States should make an effort to remove the obstacles that make it difficult for Europeans to enter the labour market .
In the field of technological research , development , and innovation , I would like to underscore the very important commitment we gave in Barcelona , which you are undoubtedly aware of : to increase investment earmarked for these categories until it reaches 3 % of GDP in the year 2010 , two-thirds of which will come from the private sector .
Finally , and regarding institutional matters , we have complied with the mandates of the Gothenburg and Laeken European Councils .
On the other hand , the European Council has stated that Israel must withdraw its forces from the areas that are under the control of the Palestinian Authority , put an end to extra judicial executions , remove its blockades and restrictions , impose a freeze on the building of settlements , and respect international law .
To that end , the European Council has requested Spain , as holder of the Presidency of the European Union , to pursue , together with the High Representative , the appropriate high-level contacts in order to obtain a positive result that would permit this situation to be resolved .
In recent times , the European Union may have given the impression that it was taking care of matters that were apparently too distant from the daily life of its citizens .
In 2005 , we shall achieve fully integrated financial markets , 10 % of electrical interconnection capacity , and fully developed broadband networks .
Naturally , the European Parliament , with its extraordinarily important proposals and activities , has played a dynamic role as a full participant in all the fields of the Lisbon Strategy .
You spoke of public opinion .
We believe that liberalisation , which means regulated deregulation , makes sense if it offers better services at a better price .
Therefore , a pact that was established according to the ideas of German conservatives requires a degree of revision in order for it to make more sense .
In January , President Aznar committed himself in this House to an interinstitutional agreement on better European regulation and legislation .
I would like to thank the various spokespersons for their comments and contributions to the debate on the conclusions of the Barcelona European Council .
I would like to point out that , in June 2001 , the World Bank decided , of its own accord , to suspend the meeting it was going to hold in Barcelona .
I believe that one of the fundamental characteristics of Barcelona , ladies and gentlemen , is that we have moved closer to the spirit of the citizens and when we talk about political elements , about the decisions of the Barcelona Council , we must take account of the fact that all of them affect the citizen directly .
They need to be ratified because they are the essential basis for having healthy economies and allowing stronger and faster economic recovery in our countries .
And what we have to do in Europe is firstly to prevent monopolies , and therefore to liberalise , with all its consequences , and this would create better services at lower prices , and at the same time promote electrical interconnections , because there clearly may be markets with monopolistic tendencies , which hinder competition and are poorly connected electrically .
Finally , I would like to say that from the point of view of the significance of the process of balance , the commitment to balance between the three pillars of the Lisbon strategy , economic growth and reforms , employment and sustainable development , I believe we can be reasonably satisfied .
It is scheduled for 5 April and therefore , in accordance with what was established with the President of the European Parliament and the President of the Commission , I believe that we can also make progress with the improvement of the institutional relationship that will clearly come to fruition when this work has been concluded .
We therefore welcome the broad range of decisions taken by the Council , as can be seen from the diversity of issues that have already been raised at this stage of the debate by the various Parliamentary groups , whose observations have been entirely constructive .
Amongst the agreements concluded in Barcelona , I should like to mention the three following : Firstly , the delegates were able to open the process of liberalising the energy sector by establishing the freedom for the business sector to choose their suppliers by the year 2004 .
It must be said that Barcelona was proof of the smooth running of the Community method and of interinstitutional dialogue and the chairman of the Socialist Group should be reminded that we have not even reached the halfway point of the Spanish Presidency .
Catalonia , one of the most Europhile nations in Europe , was treated with contempt .
In order to keep older people working , payments will be paid to the young unemployed .
The large and peaceful demonstrations calling for a more social Europe are abundant proof of that .
A more flexible labour market and moderate wage claims distribute the social product in a regressive manner .
It would allow the Union to regain an adequate flow of investment despite the current economic uncertainty , the inevitable demands of enlargement and the declared aim of increasing general commitment to research and development and innovation .
The supply of electricity in Spain and the British railway and health systems are but two of these .
In conclusion , I am bound to say that for the reasons I outlined , the Barcelona Council has failed to meet the expectations of my group