That being so , I consider the initiative of a seminar for joint debate to be important , because I believe it is also important to ascertain which fisheries agreements have been concluded on the traditional basis , which have not been exploited and which , although in existence , are no longer being exploited .
I wish also to mention another point that almost everyone spoke of : the problem of the provisional application of the fisheries agreements .
Mr President , following the major programme to combat cancer and AIDS and the programmes designed to educate and help prevent serious illnesses , this fourth programme is seen in some quarters - by public opinion , journalists and perhaps even Members of the European Parliament who may consider it to be some kind of esoteric device dreamt up by health professionals - as being of lesser importance .
That data has to be harmonized ; Europe needs an operational system of monitoring , and that will be possible only if we actually succeed in making it possible to compare and put together the data available to us , given that many health indicators are defined differently in the various Member States .
I feel sure that the House will approve this programme by a large majority .
Looking at the substance then , this would appear to be a proposal halfway between the creation of the kind of genuine European health-monitoring agency which this House has called for on a number of occasions and the simple coordination of trans-national information , its budget deliberately reduced , that the Council wants to see .
It can take seven or eight years to progress from the initial symptoms to the terminal stage .
Because it affects the elderly , this illness has become and will increasingly become one of the great scourges of our society , particularly in a society like ours here in Europe in which life expectancy has reached levels inconceivable just ten years ago , as a result of better living conditions , greater access to medical care and improvements in that same care .
It will , finally , be crucial to set up a campaign of information geared to the public and to school children to teach them to understand the disease , to live with it and with those suffering from it , because this is still a taboo subject : there is an unjustified sense of shame in the face of senile dementia .
The European health card will have to be issued to every citizen who asks for it , with all the information necessary and respecting the principle of confidentiality .
I would say that one of the benefits of European citizenship should be that every European citizen is able , on request , to have a health card that will make it possible for him to avail himself of freedom of movement in Europe without having to face the problems that result from being away from home and dealing , therefore , with medical staff who are unfamiliar with his state of health .
Here again I believe that , except for those involved in the work , no-one would believe that here in Europe we are not self-sufficient ; no-one can accept that blood in Europe is not safe .
Mr President , the measures we are discussing in the House form part of a group of reports by the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Protection , the main purpose of which is to prevent illnesses which are for some reason difficult to treat and where prevention is far the most sensible option .
The Socialist Group shares that view .
So , while we appreciate the need for the reinforced cooperation clause , it is not clear whether and how it also guarantees the necessary institutional unity .
As the Member of the European Parliament for Turin , I had the good fortune to be present at the Turin Conference , though certainly not by official invitation .
What we say on employment , as a group , is that we should not be trying to create the new jobs where mechanization and robotization is gradually eliminating them .
The Italian presidency can continue to make a fine contribution , as it has done up to now , to the great commitment to make Europe a political union and not just a monetary union .
Perhaps your lack of interest in our Parliament , not to say your scorn , derives from the fact that you have never been a Member of Parliament , you have never been elected , which means the people have never given you any mandate .
We have waited in vain for Italy and its European partners to confront the problem of the 20 million people currently unemployed , which could become 30 or 40 million if the enlargement takes place without first solving the unemployment problem of the existing European jobless , and promote the issue of political union which now seems to interest few people .
But you continue to speak of preparation for the enlargement and fail to concern yourself either with genuinely combatting the growing poverty in Europe or with closing the gap between the citizens and the Union , which is becoming more obvious and worrying all the time , given the failure of the Commission 's White Paper .
We hope that in the short time remaining to the Italian presidency the next government will be equal to the task of restoring the prestige Italy is entitled to .
It is actually through this awareness that the European Parliament , the only European institution elected by universal suffrage , is standing up for the need to finally introduce the clause on assent by the European Parliament to any amendment of the Treaty , and calls on the Council today to make the political commitment to ensure that when the future Treaty is signed