also been active in trying to involve those not party to the Agreement in the peace process , and to persuade them to sign up to the Darfur Peace Agreement .
The European Union is worried about the effects of the Darfur conflict on the peace process in Sudan as a whole .
To support the Darfur peace process , in 2004 the African Union Mission in Sudan ( AMIS ) was set up .
In addition , the Union has provided material , logistic and planning aid and support , as well as personnel .
Its capacity and resources are nevertheless insufficient to confront the enormous challenges that Darfur presents .
The EU strongly supports Resolution 1706 adopted by the UN Security Council on 31 August .
This expands the UNMIS peacekeeping operation’s mandate in South Sudan to cover Darfur , to continue the work begun by AMIS.
The protection of civilians and monitoring the ceasefire would be essential elements in the operation’s mandate .
Darfur cannot , however , be left in a ‘security vacuum’ .
The EU is still insisting that the Sudanese Government should agree to AMIS coming under the supervision of the UN , in accordance with UN Resolution 1706 .
It was with this in mind that the Finnish Presidency , EU High Representative Javier Solana , EU Special Representative Pekka Haavisto and the Member States discussed the matter in depth at their meeting during the Ministerial Week at the UN General Assembly in New York .
The EU is very anxious about human rights violations in Darfur .
The Union backs the work of the UN Special Rapporteur on Human Rights to improve the human rights situation .
At the Oslo Donors ’ Conference on Sudan in April 2005 , the Commission and the Member States together promised substantial aid to cover immediate needs and start reconstruction .
It is important that the EU should have a conspicuous and active role in Sudan and Darfur .
If no proper action is taken , Darfur will be at risk of getting caught in a new spiral of violence .
And that is something we cannot afford .     Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , this has been an excellent , robust debate .
We all agree that developments there have been very worrying , and we must do everything in our power now and in the future to improve the security and humanitarian situation in Darfur .
Special Representative Pekka Haavisto has an important role to play in Sudan in ensuring that all parties there commit to this peace process , as otherwise there can be no lasting peace .
The African Union has decided to increase its peacekeeping presence – that is , its AMIS operation – by an additional 4 000 troops , meaning there will be a total of 11 000 troops stationed in the region .
The human rights situation in the area is very worrying , as has been mentioned in this debate .
The European Union has highlighted these human rights issues by including them in the agenda of the UN Human Rights Council now in process .
There is not just one key to a solution on Darfur and Sudan .
India’s economic growth has been rapid , there has been commitment to a reduction in child labour , and India is one of the most proactive countries as far as action to combat dumping is concerned .
India’s National Human Rights Commission has been working meticulously .
Nearly 400 million Indians , approximately a third of the country ’s population , live on an income of less than a dollar a day .
The massive growth in the economy is very unevenly spread : 40 % of the population are illiterate .
The worst off are the casteless Dalits , whose rights the authorities do not monitor closely enough .
Legislation is not enough , though : there also needs to be more effort put into implementation .
At the same time , I would make a serious request to the Council that it should put the following issues on the agenda of the EU-India Summit in Helsinki : the status of India’s disadvantaged , its environmental problems and how prepared it is to cope with natural disasters .
It is clear that nanosciences and nanotechnologies represent one of the fastest-growing industries of the 21st century .
Nanotechnology has the potential to have an impact on a number of industries and it has a predicted market of nearly one trillion euros within a decade .
It is imperative that the EU adopt this plan to support nanoscience development , education and vocation within the Member States .
Firstly , nanoscience and nanotechnology is permeated with ethical issues .
Secondly , the proposal has a strong emphasis on patents .
Furthermore , to promote global compliance with patent recognition and protection , we should emphasise the importance of fulfilling WTO regulations , especially in China .
However , protection of intellectual property rights , both internationally and within Europe , has not been developed sufficiently in the report .
This is too weak to protect IPR in this field .
With strong growth projected in the field of nanosciences and nanotechnology , it is important that the EU accept the Commission proposal to adopt new approaches to this industry , from education to R[amp]D.
We decided to hold the Lahti Summit because we want to give the Heads of State or Government of the Member States of the Union the opportunity for an open and informal debate on two themes which are important for the Union 's future and for economic success : innovation and external energy relations .
If the Union does something tangible to promote welfare and prosperity , we can also expect the Union to become more acceptable in the eyes of the people .
A consistent common policy on energy will at the same time strengthen the Union 's credibility as an international player