Despite some important advances such as the preservation of the Posting of Workers Directive and the exclusion of health care and services of general interest , I regret that SGEIs and social services are still not excluded .
The bottom line is that the rules of the country of destination relating to the posting of workers have never been the subject of dispute .
Commissioner , you pointed out that some of these countries , including France , committed themselves to implementing international solidarity contributions , for example on flight tickets .
I therefore suggest to the Commission that it take the initiative in setting up the lottery and firmly encourages our Member States to implement it .     Mr President , I should like to talk about our agenda .
The worst thing would therefore be inadvertently to fuel their cause , rather than doing everything possible to break this vicious circle .
Many countries are developing their nuclear capabilities , but the international community is only worried about proliferation in those countries that pose an immediate threat to peace in the world .
We must therefore protect this profession , because the safety of the passengers of an entire sector depends on it .     . – Mr President , as usual , I only have a few words in which to express my disagreement with what the Council and the Commission have just said .
Something else I would like to highlight , since several speakers in this debate referred to it , is the fact that it is today that the troika meeting of foreign ministers with the Russian foreign minister is being held in Vienna – this was announced by Commissioner Borg , since Commissioner Ferrero-Waldner is also a participant in it .
The implementation of these measures entails investments on the part of forest owners .
What is more , the management of forest damage does not necessarily entail the reckless destruction of animal populations .
Rural areas must not be defined in terms of the difference between them and urban areas .
People should not be treated like fools .
In the German capital , on the outskirts of the Olympic stadium , a 3 000 square metre ‘megabrothel’ has just opened its doors to welcome 650 clients at any one time .
It is men who demand the services of prostitutes and who abuse women .
That is why I am addressing men too – my male fellow Members and all those men in positions of power .
Mr  Frattini , however strong our protests may be , they are not enough , and you have understood that .
The victim is forced to hand over her earnings either directly or through a third party .
I was also able to observe that our Assembly had already addressed this issue in the form of other reports .
We suggest that the Commission develop a system designed more severely to penalise companies that , after having received public aid , relocate all or part of their activities outside the European Union .
I am talking about a number of companies that have been faced with this decision .
Nevertheless , the relatively tentative approach of the report illustrates the major contradiction running through the Union’s economic policy : competition can never be both totally free and undistorted .
Mr President , the World Water Forums represent a unique opportunity to bring together all those groups in the world that are involved with water , be they official agencies , development banks , states , professional organisations , NGOs or local authorities .
This right must be established by an international treaty .
Indeed , knowledge of ICT is the best response we can give to this problem .
Mr President , allow me to thank the draftsmen of the opinions and all the Members who have been involved in this issue , which is extremely important not only for economic and industrial development , but also for the welfare of our societies .
It is why we are working with child protection and women 's protection bodies .
I fully support the call for funding for ICT research .
As you probably know , last summer I announced that I would not put up with excessive prices for much longer ; you will remember that last October I published a price comparison on a website .
Each new decision we take may result in restructuring .
This involves setting up permanent retraining units to help people to find new positions as soon as possible after losing their jobs .
Other approaches include access to expertise and the exchange of good practices , which is a relevant area for the open method of coordination ; vocational training , with regard to which we are pleased that the support fund proposed by Mr Barroso supports retraining for the workers affected and is not devoted to risky salvage operations ; and optimising the support for our solidarity policies from the ESF/ERDF structural funds , on condition , Commissioner , that they are not compromised by the delayed financial perspective .
Each employee must be able to get an answer , through information , help looking for a new job , and so on .
Equally , to do business , to be at the leading edge of production and economic competition , also means to foresee .
There are the Institute for Gender Equality , various NGOs , ad hoc committees , fundamental rights agencies , consultative forums on women 's rights , the European women 's lobby , and our own committee within Parliament .
At the same time as protecting the rights of shareholders and creditors , it was becoming urgent to simplify the means of maintaining and altering the capital of public limited liability companies in view of the large number of different situations facing economic operators .
I am very pleased to emphasise the request aimed