We know that the JRC focuses its efforts on nutrition , chemical products and health , as well as , in particular , the environment and sustainable development , technology foresight , reference materials and measurements , but also public safety and the combating of fraud .
These were part of the package in the Caudron report , and could give a positive indication that we support those technical solutions that offer alternatives to what has very frequently been a matter of dispute here in Parliament .
Cofinancing requires that we ensure that private traders do not misuse Community funds or misdirect investment of them .
Our perception in Europe is different from the perception in the United States .
But we still have to prove to them that we can manage and control immigration and this - as the Spanish Presidency quite rightly maintains - means involving our neighbours , especially the countries from which illegal immigrants come and the countries they pass through .
Finally , I should just like to point out that this House and my group are prepared to push ahead with further reform of the European legislative process .
Mr President-in-Office , you rightly noted in your speech that this conflict threatens to destabilise and endanger the whole region .
But what we want are differentiated immigration measures .
That is why we are opposed to this oral amendment .
In this respect , having voted on Amendment No 88 , there should in fact be no need to vote again here .
I would like to join them in that call .
The wounds have closed , to be sure , but the scar tissue is thin and they still ache .
We are now entering the final round with ten countries .
I remember quite clearly what the Presidency had in mind in the first half of 1999 following the outcome in Berlin , namely the unification of the European Union on the basis of the financial conditions for enlargement before 2006 .
This is an incredible achievement on the part of Lithuania , because this nuclear power station is about as important to the Lithuanian economy as the automobile industry is to Germany .
Mr Ramón de Miguel has already referred to Bulgaria and Romania on behalf of the Spanish Presidency .
We are making very high demands .
It is the Commission 's stated objective to make full use of the positive effects of enlargement and to further the development of democracy and the market economy in the countries destined to become our future neighbours and we have created the foundations for this by developing a strategic partnership with Russia and the Ukraine .
But , the fact remains that the greatest risk to the future peace and security of Europe , which is what we all want , the greatest risk would be to miss this historic opportunity to unite our continent because our courage failed us at the last minute .
That means - as the Committee on Foreign Affairs , Human Rights , Common Security and Defence Policy makes very clear in its report - that we must not invent any new conditions , whether they are imposed either by the European institutions or by the Member States .
We must ensure that this is accepted and enforced appropriately .
Our task is not to examine the past from a legal perspective , but to ensure that no discrimination arises as a result of the current application of the law .
There is a tremendous backlog of reform in the EU.
We must establish whether this provision conforms with European law .
After all , it was the prospect of enlargement and accession to the European Union which gave the crucial impetus to the reform movements in Europe and encouraged them to embark on a course towards a democratic Europe .
In terms of Malta 's alignment with and implementation of Community law , Malta has made substantial progress as regards labour legislation and health and safety in the workplace .
The original financial perspective contains an indicative financial framework , initially for six new countries from 2002 .
The provision of budgetary compensation to the accession countries through a lump sum on the expenditure side of the budget , which should be temporary and degressive , in order to prevent any new Member State being a net contributor during the first years , is something which we would certainly support .
These border regions need our solidarity .
Indeed , I would have liked to set up a separate budget line for this area in order to guarantee that the support genuinely reaches its target .
Of course , the border regions are now moving to the heart of Europe , and this naturally offers them great opportunities for the future .
On the issue of Sapard : while we spend our time arguing in the accession negotiations about the level of payments , we are failing to exploit the opportunities for pre-accession assistance that Sapard offers .
We are not happy with the situation , none of us , we know that .
It provides a strong impetus towards fruitful cooperation and cohesion at the interface between East and West in the border regions .
On a day-to-day basis , we do not anticipate any major problems , but there may be some difficulties which we will have to take on board .
It would be better to create alternative sources of employment in rural areas , either crafts or small-scale industries .
I also hope that Turkey , which is also a candidate country , understands that a solution for Cyprus is very much in Turkey 's interest and that Denktash cannot insist on a two state model .
All involved must intensify their efforts , but they need the close attention of the European Union and the nation states .
They have a right to know .
The accession of ten countries in 2004