, to motivate people between Tallinn and Ljubljana and to persuade them that their sacrifices , their achievements and their endurance over the last 15 years were anything other than futile .
Tomorrow we will hear someone who broadcasts abroad for all to hear the propaganda of a Europe of nationalism and national corridors of power , adducing also the Rumsfeld formula according to which Europe is divided into ‘old ’ and ‘new’ , and thereby taking us back to the 19th century , to a Europe characterised by balances of power , by struggles for might , by competition , nationalistic egoism and hegemonistic politics , to a Europe that is not ours .
It is not enough to have 25 national debates in isolation from each other .
If you want to put an end to double standards behind padded doors , you have to give parliaments more of a say in decision-making processes and say a resounding yes to the Constitutional Treaty .
The Commission must give thought to how many regulations have to be enacted in Brussels and about the point at which the Member States should assume responsibility .     .
We will therefore be opposing this addition , for which no provision was originally made .
If the Member States go further and decide that they want also to levy the difference between the European and national tax rate , then they are perfectly entitled to do so , provided that this does not result in double taxation .     Mr President , this is without a doubt an epoch-making moment in the history of this House , for this debate and vote are , strictly speaking , illicit , and the content of this Statute now amounts to a package of privileges that undermines democracy .
The Members ’ Statute also , at last , paves the way for an Assistants ’ Statute .
In a nutshell , our joint efforts have resulted in a solution which means that checks on those crossing the EU’s external borders will become a great deal more welcoming .     .
The European Security Research Advisory Board will play a leading role in helping to develop a longer-term vision , as it will act as a forum where users and the Commission discuss the structure of the Research Programme .
It is for this reason that research , development and trade are of absolutely vital importance , as are family businesses and small and medium-sized enterprises .
This is a sign that Parliament is heading in the right direction , and the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs has therefore decided to resubmit the amendments adopted at first reading .
I therefore find it equally regrettable that the Commission has given its consent , as this means that nothing has been done about the Pact’s underlying problem , which is that those who violate it sit in judgment on themselves .
You spoke about respect .
Let us then think about the borders of the European Union ; not every country that wants to join it should be welcomed in , for then Europe would risk losing its identity .
You are right in that , but this is not the time either to put those who want to defend our European social model into a museum – you are right there too .
Let me draw to a close by saying that , if you are willing to compromise on the Budget , the services directive and the working time directive , then we will back you in that .
Secondly , there is the issue of the services directive , and about this you are entirely right ; although we need a common market in services , we have to create one step by step , and we also need something that you mentioned only indirectly , namely public services .
I would also , however , like to say that this economic project is not at odds with a constitutional treaty ; on the contrary , the latter creates the conditions without which the former cannot succeed , by creating better decision-making structures , greater transparency and more participation for the public .
My dear Mr Blair , I have to tell you that I am ashamed of the way my Chancellor behaved at this summit , not to mention ashamed of the behaviour of Jacques Chirac , for neither of them can see that we need a new vision , and what this in fact means is that we are obliged to go down your road .
That is what makes this situation new .
Why are we not setting up citizens ’ forums to discuss the Members ’ Statute ?
A functioning European Parliament depends to a large degree on a good uniform statute being in place .
The popular votes in France and the Netherlands clearly indicated , among other things , the need for the EU to draw closer to its citizens in order to restore credibility to the European project , and , in view of that , I am not in favour of a debate on the Statute for MEPs being on the agenda .
In that , though , they are not alone , for investigations have revealed that the US authorities are equally ignorant of when and to whom they should report cases of cybercrime .
What is still an open question is at what point in time they will do so .
I therefore urge you to support this declaration , which calls for the Commission to acknowledge once and for all that rheumatic diseases are among the major diseases and should therefore be included in a special category in the Seventh Research Programme .     Mr President , the way Members of this House are treated at European summits has for years been a cause of annoyance , and this last summit in Brussels was no exception