We should concentrate our political attention on the real culprits : warring factions and irresponsible governments who have shown no concern about civil populations and who use anti-personnel landmines as indiscriminate weapons of terror .
More importantly , practical mine action should focus on the priorities : making areas safe where the suspected presence of mines is a bar to resumption of normal life and economic development , and assistance to mine victims .
Secondly , the international community needs to improve the coordination of its efforts both at the global level and particularly within the afflicted countries .
The fact is we still do not know the true extent of landmine infestation and we do not know how effective efforts to clear mines have been .
A rapid stocktaking exercise needs to be conducted in each of the most afflicted countries so that we can see more clearly what needs to be done .
Thirdly , we need to ensure that money is spent well .
I take some pride in the fact that the European Commission is the world 's largest supporter of mine action .
This is an area where , in view of the European Union 's capacity for coordination of efforts by many countries , an application of large resources to the problem should be more effective .
There are many reasons why the rhetoric has not been matched by reality .
In a way , the landmine case characterises the wider failure of the Commission to make effective use of the resources at its disposal .
The Commissioner for external relations has previously recognised that the Commission 's external aid programmes have been an embarrassment .
The Commission needs to improve both the quality of its programmes and their speed of implementation .
Things are beginning to move in the right direction under Mr Patten 's leadership .
The Commission communication and the regulation on anti-personnel landmines are very useful documents , but they omit two key elements , which Parliament 's amendments seek to correct .
Multiannual funding for mine action must be concentrated on a single budget line and there must be a properly resourced unit within the Commission , specifically responsible not just for the policy framework but also for the planning and implementation of mine action , including contracts .
Top-level commitment , proper direction and management with responsibility are the keys to the effective use of resources .
Let us have no more gestures but real action and tangible results .
Mr President , I would propose an oral amendment of one word in Amendment No 11 .
The words " close ties " have a sinister undertone to some , and so I propose to change that to " close contacts " on the understanding I have with the Liberal Group that it will then withdraw its amendment .
( Parliament adopted the resolution ) EXPLANATIONS OF VOTES - Bonino report ( A5-0286/2000 )
The EPLP has voted for the Van Lancker report on the social agenda because there are many positive aspects to this report on the European social agenda and this text will inform the Nice summit and the Commission work programme , but is not legislative .
However , there are several areas of concern where new legislative measures are being proposed .
In some , these relate to tasks which are best tackled at Member State level , or are premature in that legislation recently passed has not yet had time to bed down and be evaluated .
In a number of places - Paragraphs 14a , 14b and 14c - the EPLP could not support the call for " tax and legislative measures " and "directives " for the reasons stated above .
On the right to strike , the EPLP has abstained .
The EPLP feels that this is already dealt with by Member State legislation and is also covered in the Charter of Fundamental Rights .
The EPLP could not support the call for a legislative arrangement for worker participation in the framework of the European Company Statute as the industrial relations dimension is dealt with in other legislation .
Finally , the EPLP feels that the new directives in the field of combating discrimination under Article 13 have not yet had a chance to be implemented or bed down .
Therefore the EPLP has voted against the proposals for new vertical directives , as further legislation would be premature .
Biarritz informal European Council
The voting on this report reflects the EPLP 's opposition to incorporation of the Charter of Fundamental Rights into the Treaty and the section of the report restricting unanimity in the Council to constitutional issues .
The EPLP has consistently not supported incorporation of the Charter of Fundamental Rights as rights are covered by national legislation and the European Convention on Human Rights .
Inclusion of new text into the Treaties is likely to create legal confusion .
The restriction of unanimity in the Council to constitutional issues would exclude key issues such as taxation and social security which , we believe , should remain the responsibility of Member States .
The resolution contains good sections on the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia and the Middle East and the EPLP supports the resolution overall .
I welcome Mr Duhamel ' s report as an interesting and constructive contribution to the idea of constitutionalisation of the Treaties .
While it could be argued that the existing Treaties are in essence the European Constitution they are difficult to read and their articles are not always in a logical order .
A future Constitution could set out in a clear and ( relatively ) concise way the fundamental rights of European citizens the principle of the separation of powers and the rule of law the composition , role and functioning of the institutions of the Union the allocation of powers and responsibilities the subsidiarity principle the role of European political parties the objective of