They are able to introduce the ordinary legislative procedure and move from unanimity to decisions by qualified majority through Article 24( 4 ) and , for example , with reference to Article 39(8 ) in the case of foreign policy .
Instead , for example , of the Danish Prime Minister’s desire for a catalogue of competences with a clear division of power between the EU and the Member States , we get unrestricted prime ministerial government and much more centralisation of legislative power in Brussels .
It is absurd that Mr Blair should have held referendums on regional parliaments in Scotland and Wales and on the municipal government in London but will not allow a referendum on Great Britain’s first written Constitution .
The resolution even demands that those parts of the wall that have already been built should be torn down .
In the report we are debating , the European Parliament regards the bringing of peace to the Middle East as the most important task to be shared with the United States , together with Russia and the UN.
Today , we are also able , together with Commissioner Patten , to be delighted that the hierocracy in Iran is to allow comprehensive inspections and to refrain from producing uranium for use in nuclear weapons .
The final Iranian acceptance of nuclear inspections followed a visit by the foreign ministers of Germany , France and Great Britain – an international agreement for which the EU can take credit .
We are today debating a sound report , and that is something for which I should also like to thank Mr Brok .
The US-NATO relationship is quite fundamental to the European security structure , and we must support the development of reinforced cooperation in the defence area .
The increased tensions in relations between China and North Korea is cause for concern , but what is more worrying is , of course , the fact that North Korea will not phase out its nuclear weapons programme .
The Taiwan issue must also be mentioned in this context .
Taiwan is both democratic and peaceful , but the Taiwanese cannot live in the same manner as people in other free , democratic countries , given the way its neighbour is behaving .
It is very long , and not one understanding or balanced remark is missing from it .
The whole thing could be summarised in the words from recital A: ‘whereas the time has come to end the violence and widespread terror that has existed in the region since well before the launch of the United Nations partition plan in 1947 and the founding of the State of Israel on 14 May 1948’ . ‘[ T]he time has come to end the violence’ .
How very true , its having so far been going on for some thousands of years .
It is nice that the European Parliament thinks it knows exactly what should be done , but it is not particularly nice that this cannot , and will not , be done .
Another document has been published in the last few days , contrastingly more interesting than this report .
This comprehensive report , written by Arab scholars , explains why the situation in the Middle East continues to go off the rails .
It is an account of the brainwashing of children and of the way in which women are deprived of control over their own affairs .
Let us debate peace and dignity in the Middle East in the light of the UNDP 's report .
It is a matter of urgency , moreover , for the time bomb is ticking in the Middle East .     Mr President , I should like to congratulate Mr Menéndez del Valle on his report and especially on the fact that he has submitted an amendment that takes account of the Geneva Agreement .
We have here for the first time a unified plan dealing with all the problems of the conflict : the division of Jerusalem , the rights of the Palestinian refugees , the Temple Mount and the Wailing Wall , the settlements and the way in which the borders are drawn .
This agreement may still manage to rescue the otherwise almost defunct Road Map .
As the Geneva Agreement looks , so too can peace come to look .
The EU must now strongly support the Geneva Agreement .
Both the Israeli and Palestinian peoples want peace .
We think it is inappropriate to support tobacco production in Europe .
Instead , we believe it should be decided to remove the aid as part of an overall reform of the EU’s agricultural aid schemes .     I have , on 23 October 2003 , voted in favour of the budget at the European Parliament’s first reading and in favour of Mr Mulder’s report ( A5-0349/2003 ) .
In that connection , I should like to emphasise that I am unable to support those parts of the budget concerning the Statute of Members and aid to the European political parties .     I have , on 23 October 2003 , voted in favour of the budget at the European Parliament’s first reading and in favour of Mrs Gill’s report ( A5-0350/2003 ) .
I should like to emphasise that I am still opposed to the European Parliament’s having two bases and that I am of the view that a purchase of the buildings would not affect the decision to allow the European Parliament to work and vote in the one place .
That decision must be taken by the Heads of State and Government , whereupon it will , moreover , be possible for the buildings to be sold at a favourable price .     Mr President , the results of the EU Convention have now been printed in a number of splendid , blue-backed books , but they are completely unreadable