in Belgium and one in France , the Levi Strauss management congratulated itself on profits that had quadrupled in four years , reaching more than FRF 5 billion in 1996 .
Are you aware , for example , that in Belgium - just to take my own country as an example - the Minister for Employment and Labour cites a figure of around 500 000 unemployed people for the entire country , which is gross misinformation , as the Minister only takes into account those who are fully unemployed , who are on benefit and seeking employment ?
Madam President , Commissioner , we have witnessed a breathtaking drop in the price of pigmeat since the end of the summer both in the European Union and worldwide .
During the market depression that we are experiencing , they are obliged to produce , even at a loss , and to sell at very low prices .
In the opinion he delivered last year on the Agenda 2000 communication , he pointed out that it was necessary to introduce the principle of income insurance .
We are witnessing a global financial crisis that started this summer .
It states that checks must be performed by bodies accredited by the Member States and truly independent of producers and traders .
In fact , due to the globalisation of trade , the market in agricultural raw materials is becoming increasingly dominated by the concept of price .
In this way , we will guarantee the survival of cultural characteristics , but we will also maintain a significant economic potential in the rural areas that do not have other products or other alternatives .
Mr President , the European Union has almost 20 million unemployed , and this is an extremely worrying situation .
Mr Vallvé 's report is presented as a diptych .
Therefore , the Member States must be allowed , in general , the necessary flexibility to enable them to promote balanced planning of their territory and to face the risk of a progressive population drain in certain regions .
Mr President , I should like to reassure Mrs Lulling that the opinion of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy on my report was adopted unanimously and in full by the Committee on Budgets , without the slightest alteration .
But where the company director takes on the role of safety adviser we must ensure that he/she has obtained the required professional qualification .
In fact , since their widespread use , these poisons have halved the level of human fertility in western countries .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , endocrine disruptors are substances that act chiefly by mimicking the action of natural hormones or by interfering with their metabolism .
So it must be stated clearly that the Nobel Prize was awarded for nitric oxide , and not for nitroglycerine .
Let us change that .
Is this right ?
What is certain , in this case , is that budgetary rigour is required of the legislator .
The aim should be to ensure the correct financing of this while complying with the provisions of the Interinstitutional Agreement and ad hoc procedures .
This would mean that agricultural policy would have to be partially renationalised and it would also compromise European solidarity , as happened last year when it was decided , as I mentioned at the beginning of my speech , contrary to my proposal as rapporteur , to remove the ECSC levy for the last five years of the ECSC budget .
If there are problems , such as fraud or misuse of Community funds , we must of course resolve these using the instruments which are available , but we must not act emotionally or make a big song and dance about them , because this always leads to a lot of coverage in the press .
Therefore , ladies and gentlemen , I would strongly urge you to vote wisely and to vote in a manner consistent with the dignity of the House .
The draft budget has been artificially increased to 1.17 % of GNP to serve as a calculation basis for the 2000-2006 period , but this is an increase of 7 % over 1998 , or 12.5 % if you consider just the non-compulsory expenditure .
Firstly by the increase in the Structural Funds budget : 18 % more in commitment appropriations and 9.5 % more in payment appropriations .
You have been an example to all of us and for us , as Members of Parliament , you are and you will remain the example to follow .
I should firstly like to thank our colleague , Mr Koch , for his work on this important and serious subject .
The French government , through the former Minister for Agriculture and Fisheries , Louis Le Pensec , has begun this change .
It shows courage when you consider how certain farmers have been known to react .
Finally , Mr President , I would point out that , on behalf of my group , I have tabled a series of amendments referring to the link between nitrate pollution and farming systems .
This being the case , there is no justification for Germany being given even more advantages .
Despite these two elements , it is clear that we are on course for a rigorous budget and an increase comparable to that of the national budgets .
We cannot claim , and this is my second point , to be in tune with the concerns of our fellow citizens if the lack of adequate legal bases means that whole areas from cooperation to social development and commitment are paralysed .
On the one hand , the Council is completely obsessed with the revision of the financial perspectives and it wants to impose on Parliament a clause which goes against the rights conferred on Parliament under the Treaties