earlier , Onur Air was at one point grounded in the Netherlands , only to be able to take off in Belgium , does , of course , remain absurd .
We are committed to coherent and clear legislation , with the aim of increasing security and clarifying information for the traveller – something to which nobody can have any objection .
I have urged for an active approach towards banning and providing information before .
The European public are certainly entitled to it , for it is unacceptable that an airline should be allowed to land in one country not being allowed to do so in the neighbouring country .
Mrs Harms is right in suggesting that power companies should , on an annual basis , contribute to a fund covering all costs for decommissioning , processing and the storage of radioactive waste .
A democracy in the new federal states can only succeed if the foreign military and the predominance of foreign companies withdraw from that country sooner rather than later .
Earlier this week , a prominent Iraqi politician warned me that this affects Europe in equal measure .
We have to remember , though , that sacred cows can also spread harmful gases , and that is not just metaphorically the case , but also literally true , if one considers the proportion of intensive cattle farming in the level of CO2 emissions .
It contains many valid points with regard to beating climate change too .
In Montreal , we have to lay the foundations for a new climate policy .
It is a UN summit on the freedom of information .
When Iran became an Islamic republic , it was isolated for decades .
Mr President , I will do my best .
I must , of course , also say a word about the muskrats .
Needless to say , the Dutch dikes must be protected .
Neither should this , to my mind , spell the painful end of muskrats .
It is , of course , difficult to measure the suffering of animals .
On account of its way of life , the muskrat undermines dikes , which forms a real threat to safety and public health in the Netherlands .
We also do something about international animal transports .
Commissioner Dimas said that he could understand the concerns of many organisations .
Maybe the message could be passed on that the presidency’s presence is very much wanted during debates of this kind .
At the same time , there are more contradictions in the international regime , which also involves European countries .
If those paragraphs remain unchanged and if Parliament decides tomorrow to back this clause , then I do not rule out an abstention from our group when we come to cast our final votes on this report .     Mr President , I think that a large number of people are still signing , so I think it probably be best if we waited for another couple of minutes , and in that time , I would like to say that the main entrance to the Parliament building has been closed for two months now .
Mr President , the majority of my group will not be supporting this compromise either .
Like others , though , we take the view that a weak version is better than nothing .
This watered down version of REACH shows how things should not be done .
Since 1995 , wildlife traps have been banned across the European Union , and an import ban has been introduced on animal skins from countries where such traps are still in use .
I share your view that the timetable leaves something to be desired .
The strategy has certainly come up with excellent ideas as to how problems may be solved , one example being the extremely important emphasis on the principle of ownership .
We cannot do this by giving more money alone , even if we are talking about a few billion extra .
Whilst it is possible , as the Commission proposes , for stable countries to be helped under certain conditions , even via budgetary support and sectoral aid , unstable countries also deserve our support .
That is why , in our view , all policies must first and foremost be an instrument geared towards achieving the Millennium Development Goals .
The fact that he has been charged with very serious criminal offences does not justify a mock trial that disregards his alibi , nor does it justify a death sentence and the exclusion , so far , of the possibility of this conviction being quashed .
The only time when free elections were allowed , the large majority had spoken out in favour of the opposition , and so the result was subsequently cancelled .
If we do not vote now , then everything will be over for Africa .
I think that the Commissioner is right in saying that a Doha round without a substantial and positive attitude towards the services industry is unacceptable for Europe .
Commissioner , we want to strengthen your negotiation mandate and your negotiation position by means of the resolution that is before us and on which we will be voting tomorrow .
I would urge Commissioner Mandelson to do everything he can to bring a compromise within reach , but , if this is to happen , the other major trade blocs , including the United States and Brazil , will also need to spring into action .
In Hong Kong , all negotiators must show the political will to make progress ; after all , a failed trade round only has losers .     Madam President , I am surprised at the noises I hear in this debate , coming , in particular , from the Left in this Chamber , to the effect that the agricultural policy must be further liberalised and that Europe should give away far more