the political initiative .
I do not often agree with my colleague Mr Van Dam who sits with me on the Estonian delegation .
But he said two things I do accept , one that an attitudinal change was necessary and two , that enlargement is a key factor in the future success of the Commission .
Mr Lamassoure says on enlargement that the Commission , as regards the accession process , is expected to propose a comprehensive strategy reflecting the Union 's interest in its political timetable - not just an assessment regarding the suitability of each applicant country .
When I was previously in this Parliament , the President of the Commission was Jacques Delors and he worked alongside Commissioner Brittan and before him Commissioner Cockfield .
They did not wait for ideas to be handed down from the Council of Ministers .
They themselves devised the single market programme .
They worked hand-in-hand with the Parliament throughout .
They promoted the scheme and they achieved it .
There was a sense of great self-confidence and harmony between the institutions .
I would simply say to Commissioner Kinnock , and I am sure he needs no encouragement in this , that it is not just a question of management or technical detail , it is a question of personnel and belief in what you are doing and belief that the Parliament will work alongside the Commission .
We must have a goal .
That goal is enlargement and it is extremely difficult to achieve but we look to the Commission to be the driving force and we want to work alongside it .
I was reflecting on the very good point , amongst others , that Mr van Hulten made earlier on , seeking the explanation for the fact that the House , including myself , had the delight of listening to a lengthy foreign affairs debate earlier on .
The difference between the time given to that debate and the time given to this debate and the occasion on which they took place , I would point out to Mr van Hulten , is very simple to understand .
For the European Parliament , foreign affairs is a vital and interesting matter , and I completely agree that , having had a lifetime 's interest myself in these issues , that is a proper explanation .
For the European Parliament , reform is a vital matter on which it has decisive effect as a budgetary authority and as a legislature .
That explains in politics why foreign affairs gets two hours and comes first and reform gets one hour and comes second .
The more power you have over an issue , the later it comes in the night .
Mr President , I am very grateful to you for the opportunity of this debate to respond to the excellent work of Parliament 's four rapporteurs , the four musketeers , on the Commission 's Reform White Paper .
It is also appropriate for me to provide an up-to-date picture of the latest progress with the implementation of our strategy for applying modernising changes and for preparing the further improvements , which we outlined in our strategy eight months ago .
I am very pleased that my colleague , Michaele Schreyer has been able to join us and naturally she will respond on the parts of the reports that relate particularly to her budget portfolio .
I would like to begin by reporting to the House that this morning 's meeting of the College as Mr Van Hulten said earlier , adopted a proposal for an interinstitutional agreement establishing an advisory group on standards in public life , as outlined in Action 1 of the White Paper action programme .
It adopted a preliminary strategy for decentralisation and simplification of decision-making procedures - something which eventually will lead to substantial increases in Commission productivity and reducing those strata of bureaucracy that everybody rightly talks about .
The College also agreed today substantial proposals relating to the reform of human resources policy .
Those human resources policy documents relate to discipline , to whistle-blowing and to equal opportunities .
They will be the formal basis for the legally required consultation between the Commission , its staff and staff representatives , which of course will take place over the coming months .
Our approach on disciplinary procedure proposes several necessary changes , including the improvement and restructuring of the investigative phase of disciplinary proceedings , which would be handled by a specialist service .
They include : making the disciplinary board a permanent and more professional body , chaired by a qualified specialist from outside the Commission ; improving the provisions governing the justified suspension of officials , including those being prosecuted in criminal cases in national courts ; consolidating the vital coordination between the Commission and OLAF whilst not compromising the essential independence of OLAF ; refining the list of possible sanctions to relate them better to any proven contravention of staff regulations .
All these proposals are focused on enabling the Commission and the other European institutions , including Parliament , to improve the professionalism , the consistency and the reasonable speed of disciplinary procedures and to do so without loss of fairness or rights of the accused .
The document on whistle-blowing proposes a system that compares well with the best existing practices in Member States .
It proposes the integration of the existing OLAF regulation reporting obligation into the body of the Staff Regulations .
It sets out the rights of career protection for whistle-blowers who report genuine concerns in a responsible way .
It establishes safeguards against frivolous or malicious reporting .
It emphasises the responsibility for those receiving reports of possible wrong-doing to act promptly , seriously and effectively .
It defines many clear procedures in several channels for reporting alleged wrong-doing inside and outside an official 's employing institution