I believe that Romania has embraced the challenge of a transition to an open democratic market economy .
It has successfully embraced reforms which are essential to secure a more prosperous and safer future .
As both the Commission report and Baroness Nicholson 's report acknowledges , some progress has been made in improving conditions for some minorities .
Romania has ratified major human rights conventions such as the European Convention on Human Rights and the revised European Social Charter .
But ratification is not enough .
What matters most is implementation of the rights contained in those conventions .
I also believe that the Commission wrongly defines minority rights solely in terms of the Roma and Hungarian communities .
The rights of these minorities are essential to a free , open , democratic and European Romania , but I am also particularly concerned about the rights of other minorities such as the groups listed in Article 13 of the TEU : those who suffer from discrimination based on sex , racial or ethnic origin , religious belief , disability , age or sexual orientation .
Laws do not in themselves solve the problems .
Indeed , the Romanian Upper House refuses to act on removing homosexuality from the penal code .
This is nothing short of scandalous .
Blatant discrimination occurs in other countries such as Poland and Malta .
In Poland recently , the former President , Lech Walensa , told a campaign rally , ' I believe these people ( gays ) need medical treatment .
Imagine if they were all like that !
We would not have any descendants . '
That is as ignorant as it is misinformed and we must make every effort to ensure that when we look at the accession countries human rights and the treatment of the minorities are at the top of the agenda .
Mr President , the challenge facing the European Union in the 1980s was to complete the Single Market .
The challenge in 1990 was to achieve a single currency .
The challenge in the first year of this millennium is to enlarge the European Union in a way that enhances the peace and stability and prosperity of the continent and does not undermine that stability .
To that end enlargement now has to be the absolute priority .
We should not miss the window of opportunity that Commissioner Verheugen has referred to .
That does not mean that we should proceed blindly .
No country has an absolutely guaranteed right to join .
They have to be ready .
That is why many of us were concerned about the criticisms made by the Commission of the efforts made by the Czech Republic in their last report , which indicated a certain slackening of effort .
We only hope that the tremendous efforts made by the government of late will be reflected in the next Commission report .
At the same time we should recognise the efforts made by countries like Lithuania to , as it were , make up for lost time .
That was reflected in the last Commission report and hopefully will also be this time .
We must make sure that the countries are ready to join and in particular that they have the administrative capacity to deal with the acquis communautaire .
That is why some of us were concerned that the Czech Republic has delayed implementation of its civil service law and has slowed down its judicial reform whilst , on the other hand , Lithuania has made tremendous strides in that area , recognising the importance of administrative capacity .
Member States could do more in their twinning arrangements to assist the applicant countries in developing their administrative capacity .
Finally , it is crucial that we sell the applicant countries to the electorate of the European Union .
Too many people have a view of the applicant countries that is 10 years out of date .
They are now much more modern economies , in many ways ready to take up the challenge of European Union membership , and we have to sell that idea to our citizens if they are to support enlargement in the future .
Mr President , it is the duty of this Parliament and this Commission to protect the health of all citizens of the European Union .
That is what we are trying to do in this report , on which I congratulate Mrs Paulsen .
Certainly the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Policy was the correct committee to bring these proposals forward in view of what we have heard .
We have had to learn lessons from the dioxin scandal .
The Commission has now proposed deleting the derogation for compound foodstuffs and having the option of fixing action thresholds below the maximum permitted limits in cases of real emergency .
Like the rapporteur , I believe that there is a case for doing all these things and for looking at the substances she referred to when they are not in themselves toxic but show increases in the aggregated levels .
Animal feed , which has proven to be unsafe , should certainly be removed from the food chain .
That is not just a precaution , it is common sense .
I want to sound one note of caution .
Common sense has two sides .
If we are going to propose that , for example , there should be a tenfold reduction in the materials which are permitted to enter the European Union for blending down by approved food manufacturers , we ought to be certain that there is a sound scientific basis for that proposal .
The Commissioner will know that in my country the Independent Advisory Committee on Animal Feedingstuffs was worried that such a ban may actually drive out blending-down procedures into the world