I would like to make that commitment to you .
I would , of course , like to thank the European Commission .
Next , the learning of foreign languages in the host universities will be encouraged .
Briefly , I would like to say that I completely agree with your objectives .
There is a time for setting targets and there is a time for giving oneself the means to achieve them .
The second point is the training of elected representatives within the framework of an Erasmus programme .
It was also my wish for us to work hand in hand with the Commission and in particular with its president , because , regardless of the divergences or differences between everyone sitting in this House , everyone is well aware that division between Europe 's institutions weakens Europe and that the duty of those who assume responsibilities is to work hand in hand .
Some said - and they had reasons for saying it - that dialogue was pointless and that the response to military agression should be a military one .
Naturally I see all the ambiguities , all the shortcomings , all the compromises that had to be made , but in all conscience , I believe that we have achieved everything we could have achieved and , above all , Mr President , that , if Europe had not ensured that the voice of dialogue and the voice of reason were heard , no one else would have done so .
We began by proposing a meeting of the four European countries who are members of the G8 .
We still have to provide the right responses .
The answer is clearly 'no ' .
Allow me to state my firm belief and the policy I intend to propose .
Nevertheless , in this matter , we fought alongside President Barroso at the European Council to have the objectives complied with and to have the timetable complied with .
I would like to say a word about the meaning of 'united ' .
' United ' does not mean giving the same response .
This does not mean calling into question the principle of competition .
I fully intend , before leaving the Council presidency , to propose this road map and to point out , on a consensual basis , the ways and means to overcome the situation that has arisen .
I should like to say to you all that it has been very useful for the Presidency to feel , aside from the differences , the solidarity of a European Parliament that had , from the outset , analysed the seriousness of the crisis and that was willing - and may you be commended for it - to go beyond our different tendencies in order to create the conditions for Europe to unite .
Still on this subject , I welcome the Presidency 's initiative to gather together our partners for the purposes of defining a new global economic and financial order .
Firstly , a number of countries of the South , in principle partners of the European Union , are on the brink of the abyss : in addition to the food , environmental and energy crisis , there is the financial crisis .
They must not think that they are off the hook today by taking measures - necessary measures , all the same - concerning reporting standards , financial supervision of rating agencies , or golden parachutes .
I should like to finish by saying that your call to ratify the Treaty of Lisbon was exactly right , and , furthermore , it is hardly being aggressive to ask people to be consistent : you cannot say that you did not vote because you were afraid of losing a commissioner if , in refusing to vote , you are forcing the retention of a treaty that provides for a reduction in the size of the Commission .
Mr Schulz says that this is an historic task , and he is quite right .
Maybe it was a mistake .
You also called on me to undertake some self-criticism .
Who could have predicted that all of you here would have the wisdom , with the States , to agree to a European immigration pact a few months before a European election ?
Finally , Mr Farage , a Europe that looks like you want it to .
Mr Schulz is also able to speak like a French Socialist .
May I say , personally , that I support your proposal for a European regulator : it makes sense .
My own European ideal is strong enough for European democracy to be a true democracy .
And I think that the most important thing for us is to stop waffling , and I think that good compromises can be reached by sincere people who follow through on their ideas and that the problem with European political debate is a lack of ideas , which has affected all of us , all the political groups , as if we were paralysed at the idea of coming up with something new .
You mentioned accounting standards , but take a look at our banks .
There are 8 000 banks in Europe , 44 of which operate internationally .
I would add that , along with President Barroso , we have taken the precaution of not suspending , but postponing the summit .
That is the credibility of a statesman and a politician .
We therefore needed to hold the summit , or at any rate the first one , in November , regardless of the timetable in the US.
I also think that the French Socialist Party sometimes needs to trumpet it more loudly , which would avoid certain ambiguities : ' Europe is not a cause for the right or for