To conclude , I am going to take the liberty , Madam President , of digressing in order to make a somewhat personal observation , which deserves to be given some thought .
These migration agencies could easily provide training so as to enable young people from the countries concerned to become , for example , small business owners , traders and small craftsmen , because what is lacking most in these poor countries is a significant middle class .
It is also lacking in both the economic and political spheres , since there is generally more political stability in countries in which there is a significant middle class .
Another Commission communication , dealing with the posting of workers , attacks regulations in certain Member States with respect to service providers from other EU countries that it regards as disproportionate .
The European Commission explains that the text does not clearly establish which law will apply and thus that private international law , which is closely related to the country of origin principle , will apply most of the time .
Everyone has seen how , whenever major disasters such as the tsunami occur , there is a quick response on the part not only of individual countries and NGOs but also of our fellow citizens who , through their gifts of money , clothes and time , are able to join forces and take action .
It stresses , moreover , that the Charter of Fundamental Rights already defines citizens ' information rights and that our Parliament 's prerogatives must be respected come what may , particularly its right to address itself freely to the people of Europe .
As long as the Union 's multiannual budget is lower than the budget of a European advertising agency , little effective progress can be made .
If I had to mention just two points in our resolution , I would point out , firstly , that Iran holds the world record for the highest number of executions of young people , bread or bicycle thieves and homosexuals .
The European Union is in a quandary for want of an industrial policy .
We could do with more Europe , a trade unionist told us , but it is a different Europe that we need .
This separation would thus serve to maintain the integrated approach and the close involvement of the fusion associations , particularly through the European Fusion Development Agreement .
In fact , since the conclusion of the interinstitutional agreement in 2003 , the three institutions have been committed to better legislation and have acknowledged the importance of these tables .
It might even be said that the emphasis placed on access to medicines has no doubt eclipsed the need to go on ceaselessly promoting prevention , which is now in decline both in our own countries and everywhere else .
This cost is utterly prohibitive .
In any event , if Bulgaria 's accession is to be confirmed on 1 January , I hope that certain safeguard clauses , not least regarding the free movement of persons , can be activated .
Only a few weeks ago , REACH promised to be the sign of a real ambition for Europe .
The most worrying thing is that he made that announcement during a speech on the ' Better Regulation ' initiative , which says a lot about the strategic direction that pernicious slogan indicates .
It responds to two requirements : firstly , it enables us to adapt our audiovisual enterprises to the considerable technological and commercial developments that have taken place ; and , secondly , it demonstrates the political will that exists to ensure the continuation of the values essential to our communal life and to the forming of public opinion .
In the case , moreover , of audiovisual content in the second category , recourse to the country of origin principle should be authorised , on condition that the harmonised basic rules relating , in particular , to the protection of minors and the ban on incitement to racial hatred are complied with .
Thank you for your attention .
It can and must be improved , and that is the purpose of our amendments .
This draft budget on the financial perspective is particularly sensitive .
Disrupted , as it is , in its project , the Union is a seriously ailing body , and we are providing it with a particularly modest budget for 2007 !
In addition to the draft Fund , Article 28 of the interinstitutional agreement thus defines the annual sum of EUR 500 million , budgeted over seven years , together with part of the budgetary procedure .
Responsible , as it is , for international trade negotiations , the European Union thus accepts the potential consequences of its strategic decisions .
During our work , she has been able to establish a constructive frame of mind with all of the draftsmen and the groups , which now enables us to examine a report at first reading , something that we could not have hoped for only a short time ago .
I should like to thank you too , Mr Špidla , for the participation of the Commission which , acting on the Council 's wishes , has proposed a text on which we have been able to work .
The text submitted to today 's vote puts an end to seven long years of work and heated debates between , on the one hand , supporters of the chemical industry , who have persisted in overusing arguments of competitiveness and employment in order to maintain the status quo , guaranteeing , as it does , their own financial interests , and , on the other hand , European officials , who were anxious to come up with responsible legislation aimed at protecting Europeans from the perils of the dangerous chemical