In common with the consumer , trade union and environmental movements , we Swedish Social Democrats shall not support the compromise on registration reached between the Socialist Group in the European Parliament , the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe and the Group of the European People’s Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats .
Finally , I wish to say a big thank you to Mr Sacconi who has done some sterling work on this matter .     Mr President , the operation and phasing-out of nuclear power are activities that may have cross-border effects in Europe .
Even reactor tanks may be exchanged in the future .
Clearly , phasing out has costs associated with it , and resources need to be set aside to offset these .
The idea that technocrats in Brussels might be needed to chaperone experienced nuclear power experts in the Member States seems almost absurd .
It would be a clear token of solidarity on the part of the wealthier Member States if the latter were to contribute resources for this process .
Climate change is one of the most serious threats we face .
At the same time as saying that , I wish to emphasise that it is important not to see the climate issue merely as a problem and a burden .
This includes a number of large companies , which show that it is possible both to reduce emissions and to earn a lot of money in a relatively short period .
Mrs Beckett has just confirmed in her speech that this is a view shared within the Council .
It is a matter of great urgency that , in the long run , we involve the United States in constructive cooperation .
The situation of the developing countries is , of course , incredibly important .
For them , energy is first and foremost a question of growth and development , but they need not repeat our mistakes .
It should be borne in mind that , every month , China puts two new coal-fired power stations into operation .
I often compare this state of affairs with that which applied in relation to the Apollo project .
This means that , for example , the Buildings Directive should be extended and made more ambitious .
We think that we must draw the right conclusions from the difficulties in reducing road traffic emissions .
One of these is , of course , the fact that we continue to subsidise conventional technology , that is to say technology powered by fossil fuels .
The majority of the measures proposed in the report are aimed at companies and manufacturers .
Perhaps that is impossible to implement in practice , but a first step should be to increase knowledge both of the carbon content of everything we buy and of the carbon emitted by our forms of transport .
In conclusion , I want to wish both the Commission and the Council good luck in Montreal .
Rather , the effects must also be expressed in terms of euros and cents .
My first question , then , is about whether – and , if so , when – the Commission intends to include the transport sector in European emission rights trading .
I should like to emphasise that it is at present difficult to see Europe achieving the Kyoto objectives , for they are very demanding and the policy now being conducted does not look as if it will lead to our being able to fulfil these objectives at the first stage .
One reason for this is that the demands made by a modern environmental policy on energy policy are largely ignored .
We cannot achieve the Kyoto objectives by regulating the economy or making savings , because such measures would interfere with the aim of creating basic conditions for a better economy that does more to meet environmental requirements .
With the present energy mix , nuclear power production in Europe accounts for 50 % of carbon dioxide emissions and leads to reduced carbon dioxide emissions equivalent to those from private cars .
It is therefore an important task for this Parliament and also for the Member States to conduct a credible energy policy not aimed at phasing out nuclear power and replacing it by oil and gas .
Naturally , nuclear power plants must be decommissioned in the light of environmental and security considerations .     We support the EU’s Nordic cooperation , known as the Northern Dimension , but believe that the cooperation should be basically intergovernmental , strictly limited and focused on practical results .
In the light of the above , we choose to vote in favour of the report .     Global climate change constitutes a significant problem , which we believe there are good reasons for dealing with at an international level .
For example , it includes proposals for EU-wide speed limits , traffic charges and tax incentives and for the development of rail transport and public transport in general .
We believe , however , that any decision to levy such a tax must have the Council’s unanimous backing and not just that of a majority .
Now , the Iranian President has made terrible statements about another state .
There is a danger that the President’s statement will make the work to bring about peace in the Middle East that much more difficult .
This wall must also be taken down .     I wish to thank the Council for its answer .
I think that this is deeply inconsistent and immoral .
I therefore wonder whether there is not a lack of unanimity regarding the Council’s policy in this area .     Mr President , this proposal for a directive from the Commission is no great success .
In particular , the content is obviously