despite the difficulties that are normally inherent in a state that is in the process of regenerating its structural organisation and political identity .
For this to be achieved , the necessary constitutional reforms must be implemented , with consolidation of the rule of law , the establishment of a social market economy and renewed efforts to combat corruption and the improvement of the climate for business and investment .
The European Union must actively participate in the work of the Council , while remaining aware of its limitations and problems , and try to impart a balanced , yet strict and exacting , view of what respect for human rights should be .
I would like to stress the importance of the 13th session of the UNHRC , which will be attended by ministers and other high-level representatives .
We regret the rejection of the proposals made by our group , particularly the following : points out that the Member States of the UN should promote food sovereignty and food security as an instrument for reducing poverty and unemployment ; welcomes the fact that a report from the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights on the violations of human rights in Honduras since the coup d 'état is on the agenda of the 13th session ; calls on the EU Member States to work for and support a strong condemnation of the coup d 'état and for the restoration of democracy and the rule of law in that country ; expresses its concern at the situation in Colombia , particularly the discovery of thousands of unidentified dead .
Gender equality is a fundamental principle in our times , but gender inequality persists , and the strategic objectives of the Beijing Platform are still a long way from being achieved .
It is crucial to consider gender mainstreaming in different policy fields as one of the pillars of a more prosperous , fairer and richer society .
Finally , I would stress that any EU initiative in this area cannot attempt to give women the right to abortion in the name of sexual and reproductive health ; this must remain a matter for the individual Member States alone to decide .
I believe that eradicating domestic violence should be a top priority .
Nonetheless , in a globalised world , issues are increasingly complex , and decisions need to be technically sound and backed up by science .
This amending budget for the financial year 2010 relating to Parliament 's budget ( Section 1 of the general EU budget ) now has a value of EUR 1 616 760 399 , which represents 19.99 % of the initial heading 5 , adopted at first reading .
This amending budget fulfils legal and budgetary standards and good financial discipline .
Therefore , the amending budget for the financial year of 2010 now has a value of EUR 1 616 760 399 , which represents 19.99 % of the initial heading 5 , adopted at first reading , and the buildings reserve has been reduced from EUR 15 million to EUR 11 million .
I would like to emphasise the need for a coherent European Research Area framework in support of a sustainable use of oceans and seas .
I would also stress the protection of the interests of Community fisheries .
This activity has an impact on the food supply for the general population and on the cohesion of the outermost regions of the European Union .
The rejection by a majority in Parliament of the proposals that we tabled here , turning down the privatisation of fisheries resources , is indicative of the route that it is attempting to follow with the forthcoming reform of the CFP.
The report on the Green Paper on the reform of the common fisheries policy , which we adopted today , revises the economic , social and environmental aspects of this policy , with the aim of redefining the approach to resolving the remaining problems within the sector .
Therefore , conducting and building the whole argument on a technical basis to avoid having to make the political choice is somewhat lacking in legitimacy .
It must be worldwide .
I have an entirely different view .
The EU and the Member States should therefore create a favourable environment for these enterprises .
In any case , micro-enterprises will continue to keep their sales and transactions records for management and tax information purposes .
Schengen stands for freedom of movement .
The amendments which I have proposed and which have the support of the majority of the members of the Committee on Civil Liberties , Justice and Home Affairs contribute towards the resolution of this problem without reducing security in the Schengen area .
The initiative on which we are going to vote will allow the holders of long-stay visas to move freely for a period of three out of every six months .
Mr President , I would have liked to invite the Spanish Presidency , which is absent from this debate , to guarantee to Parliament that the regulation can enter into force before 5 April 2010 .
I have already had the opportunity to say here that Mr Coelho has given good service to the principle of freedom of movement within the European Union , to the rights of citizens , be they European citizens or citizens of foreign countries , and to European democracy itself .
We ourselves have even had to deal with such cases on some occasions when , for example , we wish to hear someone 's input in a debate in Brussels , for example .
It remains for me to say therefore that , on behalf of our group , we support the proposal of the rapporteur and we shall vote in favour .
As I emphasised in my initial statement , I believe that Parliament has performed its task well because it has strengthened both freedom of movement and security .
