have no trouble accepting them if the way in which the European Union interprets human rights in practice did not differ considerably from what the man in the street understands by human rights ; if , helped by terrorism , the European Union were not building up a repressive , autocratic mechanism to be used against anyone who stands up against its policies .
I should like to ask you a specific question : what will be the national parliaments ' and the European Parliament 's input into these agreements and , on a more general note , what part will they play in ratifying these agreements ?
As Europol appears to be giving informants official status , I wonder whether a scale of pay has been set and whether there will be invitations to tender and then at least some of our young unemployed could apply for the job .
The objective of the proposed draft is to resolve the food security problem and it sets an interim date of 2015 for halving the number of people forced to live on a dollar a day .
With its endless reforms of the CAP , the European Union is becoming more and more product-deficient , ruining farmers and , at the same time , forcing developing countries , with extortionate agreements and price mechanisms , to sell their agricultural produce at knock-down prices , tightening the noose around the neck of their people and protecting the multinationals ' profits .
We have the productive potential and wherewithal to feed the entire world and still take care of the environment and public health , but not under the current social system , by which I mean the prevailing capitalist system .
This resolution comes at a crucial time for world peace , in view of the imminent attack on Iraq .
Against this background , statements about respecting the rule of law , freedom and democracy ring extremely hollow .
Mr President , I hope that discussions on Iran will take place soon in the form of a dialogue between parliamentary committees and that an association agreement will be signed and implemented as a result .
On Iran 's side , its leaders must realise that the West , and the European Union in particular , will only open up to and work with the developing world if it respects human rights ; these are not values Europe wishes to impose , they are ecumenical values and they include women 's rights , which are particularly prone to abuse .
We are planning a fact-finding mission with our opposite numbers and representatives of civil society and we shall lobby for the final text of the agreement , if it comes to that , to include a clear , express clause on women 's rights .
The single currency , enlargement , efforts to bring about a common defence and security policy and the work being carried out by the convention clearly show that Europe is moving and is moving dynamically .
And it is the agricultural sector , the CAP , with its massive fund of experience and coherence , that has been the common reference point for European as opposed to national policy from the birth of the EEC through to the present day .
No, they do not .
Enlargement makes a most positive contribution to the future of Europe , the importance of which will become more and more apparent with each passing day .
I am positive that at some point - be it before or after integration - this development will help resolve the political problem that has beset Cyprus for years .
The decision by the Brussels Summit to freeze EU agricultural expenditure at pre-2006 levels until 2013 , enhanced by 1 % per annum in inflation provision , translates directly into a reduction in appropriations .
Finally , as a member of the GUE/NGL ...
And why ?
What , one may ask , can our farmers expect ...
In this sense , today 's report by Mr Lagendijk is a good report and we are all the wiser for having debated it .
So our efforts have to be unwavering , they have to take an unwavering approach which avoids controversy and they have to be in keeping with UN resolutions .
And then we shall need to do our utmost , politically , to help these nations , which lived in peaceful coexistence for hundreds of years , to regain their historic foothold , to rediscover their modus vivendi , to rediscover the political union and common way of life which , unfortunately , have been upset over recent years by untimely movements and careless initiatives .
I think this proposal is a daring move ; it will make it easier to apply the principle of subsidiarity and cut out a lot of unwanted red tape .
We shall also have to monitor the implementation of this extended partnership closely , in tandem with the potential for decentralisation of each Member State , both old and new .
Has Community funding perhaps become so complicated that it no longer holds any attraction for investors ?
The powers that be took a colonial stance towards the candidate countries ; they set accession terms and conditions , limited funding between 2004 and 2006 and reduced funding in real terms under the ? U budget for 2007 to 2013 , a move that will affect all the members of the enlarged ?U.
The ? U is being placed under ? ? ? ? without any guarantee as to the inviolability of its Member States ' borders , it is bowing to pressure from the USA and it has appointed Turkey to judge developments in south-eastern Europe and the Mediterranean , 'washing its hands ' of any conflict which this may provoke between Turkey and the Member States of the ?U.
