But Croatia has been slow in taking the necessary measures to meet these opening benchmarks .
With the remaining conditions still to be met by Croatia it unrealistic to assume that accession negotiations could be concluded this year in 2008 .
The first condition to be met is that Croatia should meet all opening benchmarks by June this year , i .e . next month .
The President of the Commission will continue to provide substantial financial and technical assistance for Croatia in order to help it fulfil the requirements of EU membership .
Once sufficient progress has been made by Croatia in meeting opening or closing benchmarks , the Commission will prepare and submit in good time the necessary recommendations to the Member States for the positions to be taken in the intergovernmental conference .
Thus we can work and progress on the basis of Croatia 's own merits .
It is our task and responsibility to monitor progress in meeting the benchmarks on the basis of our rather new benchmark methodology , which was created and adopted at the end of 2006 - with very strong support by Parliament - in order to improve the quality of the EU accession process .
We expect that Croatia will provide a very concrete restructuring strategy for the whole sector , as well as for all the individual shipyards concerned in this sector .
This is to prove that it really is in the hands of the Croatian Government and the authorities to meet the benchmarks .
We always knew that some of the benchmarks were more challenging than others and the Commission has encouraged Croatia to work diligently in order to meet these difficult benchmarks , especially in the area of judiciary reform that Mr Crowley referred to , as well as in the other area I mentioned , the shipbuilding sector .
We are encouraging twinning exercises and of course we provide our own expertise for Croatia .
The pace of the negotiations essentially depends on the pace of these critical reforms in order for Croatia to meet first the opening and then closing benchmarks .
What measures will the Commission , therefore , take to facilitate the resumption of negotiations and find a mutually acceptable solution ?
Instead , I took part in the meeting of the Commission - our weekly meeting - and in that meeting we adopted a Commission communication entitled , ' The Western Balkans : enhancing the European perspective ' .
Subsequently I made the statement at the press conference on this issue to which the honourable Member is referring .
I encouraged the leaders of both countries to find a formula which is acceptable to both sides .
In this context I expressed my concern that the lack of a solution to the main issue could have a negative effect on the country 's accession process .
Member of the Commission . - We continue to encourage both countries concerned to find a solution to this long-standing - I should say too long-standing - problem .
We have no powers , no competences , but we encourage both sides to take a very constructive approach , to engage and finally find a solution to this matter .
Member of the Commission . - In my view you are indeed right that the country has made good progress for the past half-year or so in terms of some critical reforms such as the judiciary reform and the reform of public administration , as well as on the implementation of the police law .
This will depend upon concrete results in the reform work and we will of course reflect that in our progress report which is currently under preparation .
Subject : European funding for the Turkish army in Cyprus Media reports allege that the EU has provided the Turkish army with funding to the tune of EUR 13 million .
How much money did the Turkish army receive in total ?
Member of the Commission . - I am very glad to respond to this question because I can do it very briefly .
There is no fund provided by the European Union to the Turkish army in Cyprus as suggested in the title of the question by the honourable Member .
The purpose of this project is , through the Turkish armed forces , to educate conscripts who are doing their military service on the issues of human rights , gender equality , women 's rights , children 's rights , protection of the environment , general health care and the fight against drug addiction : in my view all very worthy causes , and this is what this programme called ' Civic training for conscripts ' in Turkey is aimed at achieving .
In fact , by answering your question which I just did , I am sure that we can now provide facts which will correct these misunderstandings in the media which were referred to by Mr Claeys .
In the accession negotiations with Turkey six chapters have been opened so far and , as Mr Lenarčič said , it should be possible to open two more chapters during the Slovenian presidency , namely company law and intellectual property .
And , as every builder knows , one must first make very solid foundations before moving on to putting the walls together .
So , first the reforms , then progress in the technical negotiations .
The Commission shares her views on the slow pace of the reforms .
Moreover , the recent revision of the infamous Article 301 is a step forward .
All in all , a renewed focus on EU-related reforms is absolutely essential , which should also assist in overcoming the current political crisis .
Both secularism and democracy need to be defended in this context .
I regret that the Law on the Ombudsman has been blocked for two years by the Constitutional