At the same time , we should also be saying among ourselves that under the present financial arrangements we have assumed that the financial questions of enlargement have been settled for the period up to 2006 .
Madam President , Madam President-in-Office of the Council , ladies and gentlemen , it is almost a year since the European Parliament ' s last major debate on enlargement .
The answer to the warning signal from Ireland is also , but not only , a question of proper communication .
I believe it was a wise decision not to set any specific accession dates for individual countries at Göteborg or to define groups for accession .
I would also like to use this example to point once again to the Commission ' s understanding of its own role in enlargement .
When it comes to agriculture , we are dealing with an acquis that may change radically in the next few years .
The value of the system ' s stability for Europe as a whole can be seen everywhere where there are no concrete prospects for accession .
( Applause ) So far as the economic criteria are concerned , even when we apply the necessarily strict yardsticks we can see that here , too , the positive trend is continuing .
The balance of payments in some candidate countries has structural weaknesses .
I am very pleased to be able to say that we are working closely and confidently with the United Nations in this question .
I agree with what Mr Brok said about it .
But there were long drawn out negotiations over the date for this debate so as to enable President-in-Office Louis Michel to be present .
Commissioner , you are quite right : If the countries have the prospect of becoming members of the European Union , their citizens will not migrate but will prefer to stay at home .
We all want and continue to want to make enlargement a success and it is not a matter for party political sabre rattling , Mr Poettering .
That is correct .
Basically , we are on the point of taking a step comparable to the situation in 1989/1990 for the whole of Europe .
A year ago , Mr Verheugen , you made quite different promises in the regions concerned .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , in its report on the progress of the Czech Republic , the Commission writes , and I quote : " The Czech Republic continues to fulfil the Copenhagen political criteria . "
There has been a technical problem , so no one was being devious ; there was just a technical hitch .
How many people in the West are aware of the European treasures in the Baltic cultures ; how many know anything about what is of significance there ?
Allow me to comment on the latest developments .
Everyone has a say , and this is something which those circles in the Czech Republic should bear in mind .
Mr President , this is already the second report on Malta which I have had the honour of tabling .
As far as Malta 's general political situation is concerned , namely the different positions of the government on EU accession on the one hand , and the opposition on the other , not only has nothing changed but the views of the government and the Labour opposition have if anything become more polarised .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the economic and political benefits of enlargement will undoubtedly be far greater than its probable cost to the budget .
Thirdly , and the Commissioner touched on this , economic and monetary union - the euro - will not be achieved immediately upon accession .
I am very grateful to the Commission and the Council for identifying a reasonable standard which is to be applied flexibly and for as short a period as possible because the aim is integration .
A constitutional reform in Europe without the participation of the future members is politically indefensible .
This simple sentence represents splendid achievements , achievements which deserve respect and recognition .
I think enlargement negotiations should attach equal importance to this and , for example , internal market legislation .
We could see in Burgenland , which borders on Hungary , that the Euro-sceptics did not stand a chance and were losing more and more ground .
I think that it is up to us to ensure , when the closure process is implemented , that locals are kept properly informed at all times of what it is actually planned to do and what their prospects are in this relatively isolated area .
I do not say this just to blow our own trumpet but because we should not spread the illusion harboured by many a non-governmental organisation that the parliamentary and democratic process could , to a certain extent , be replaced by dialogue with civil society .
But what is the position on the call back or fall back position which Parliament keeps calling for ?
( Applause )
This reading of the problem is simply not true .
Thank you , Commissioner .
I think we should concentrate on fundamentals .
As is it not excluded from emission trading and is only banned where there is joint implementation , this works to the advantage of nuclear energy .
We are creating an agency which is a very similar institution to the agency which already exists in America .
, representing the Draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on Budgets .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market has examined the proposal for a regulation very carefully .
At last we can create a truly uniform European area of safety in the European skies .
First it opined that the sanction mechanism was too heavy .
It is