( The President cut the speaker off )
EURES is a network of networks , consisting of around 500 ' Euroadvisers ' , public and private organisations and partners and provides a valuable opportunity for direct consultation via the Internet in an open network .
As a matter of fact , as a result of growing Internet use , the efficiency of EURES will increasingly depend on the widespread knowledge of the general public and much less on simple improvements to the workings of the bureaucratic network of services and organisations .
The report also contains some negative aspects to bear in mind , which we must correct straightaway .
This revamping of the future biennial reports from EURES and their content is , as a matter of fact , specifically called for in the conclusions of the last Spring Summit , in Stockholm , particularly those that were adopted following the Commission ' s communication to the Council entitled ' New European Labour Markets , Open to All , with Access for All ' , which we are closely watching , which we welcome and which we warmly recommend should be followed up in this context .
This network , which centres on the exchange of information , on providing advice and on support for appointing professionals , is supported by EURES advisers in dialogue and in collaboration with the Member States ' national employment services and by an Internet access service .
The truth of the matter is that specific directives do exist in the field of employment , which seek to eliminate the social , cultural , and linguistic barriers that obstruct mobility in the European Union .
Once again , the Members of the majority in this Parliament have ignored their responsibility as representatives of the European citizens , have subordinated their positions to those of their governments and , paradoxically , have let themselves be bested by the political representatives of their own States .
.
I wish to congratulate Mrs Klamt , Mrs Karamanou and Commissioner Vitorino for the commitment they have demonstrated in these matters .
I am delighted that the Council has reached agreement on the basic principles of the proposal for a Framework Decision on the fight against trafficking in human beings , but I am sorry that it could not reach consensus on the level of criminal sanctions .
Providing victims with assistance and protection is equally important .
However , we will be unable to accept those that fall within the scope of other Framework Decisions - the Framework Decision on the standing of victims in criminal proceedings , for instance - or those whose detailed nature is incompatible with a specific instrument such as a Framework Decision .
The Commission has not , therefore , submitted a revised proposal .
Regarding the amendments concerned with the definition of child pornography and the offence of child pornography , we believe that the definitions decided by the Union should be as much in line as possible with the definitions taken on board by the draft Convention on Cyber Crime drawn up by the Council of Europe .
This means , in turn , that the amendments setting the age limit for an aggravated offence at 16 will undoubtedly interfere not only with the systematic approaches in the Member States but also with national considerations on the age of consent .
However , as regards the extension of the jurisdiction article to habitual residents , the Commission would be prepared to take that amendment on board , as it would all other amendments to the recitals of the proposal .
We have already achieved agreement when it comes to counterfeiting the euro , when it comes to money-laundering , or when it comes to smugglers ' and carriers ' liability .
The whole situation calls for the Member States to obey the principle of strictly respecting the integrity of national cultural heritage and the whole situation calls for the measures designed to prevent and eradicate this form of trafficking to be made more effective .
We must make it more difficult for cultural objects that have been stolen or unlawfully removed to move around freely .
Appalling incurable diseases , against which medicine is helpless , such as bovine spongiform encephalopathy , are a consequence of the indiscriminate industrialisation of food production , which goes against nature .
In order to guarantee food safety , it is crucial that there are no weak links in any part of the food chain and that risks are detected in good time .
There is no sense in maintaining a divided approach , and nor would this do us any credit , for example , on the composition of the management board , on the appointment of the executive director or on its headquarters .
Highly intensive production and the quest for greater profits have had damaging consequences on the overall safety of food , with high costs for both human and animal health , as we have seen in the cases of BSE , dioxins and , more recently , with foot-and-mouth disease .
The question must nevertheless be asked whether a structure that is so cumbersome from the administrative and budgetary point of view is really necessary and this also applies to appointing the members of the management board , in which the authorities of each Member State should have a greater role .
It is not enough , however , to establish legal frameworks .
The report also proposes increasing prison sentences and takes the view that the instigation of , aiding or abetting such activity must also be punished .
The situation of the Union ' s external image has been subject to criticism from various quarters in the last few years and still requires a concerted effort to achieve a major transformation .
Although we must not lose