Parliament and the Committee on Transport feel a sense of pride and responsibility at having played their part in shaping many directives through their reports on marine safety .
There is broad agreement in the Commission , the Council and Parliament that something reasonable will come from this directive .
The situation is improving , however , not least because of the commitment shown by Parliament .
Firstly , we have a legal framework .
For many , these two things may be very technical , not political .
Fourth , it is important that this directive should be applied internationally , and I am thinking here of the fact that European shipping extends worldwide .
And fifth , it is important that the directive should be able to incorporate or adopt - whatever word we use - further improvements , so that we are not isolated from developments .
In conclusion , I would say that , perhaps unlike the rapporteur , I welcome these amendments which have been voted through Parliament , and I should like to congratulate the rapporteur on his willingness to cooperate .
In my view , this is a good report .
We often find ourselves in the position that implementation lags behind .
The Commission is already in the process of taking action in this area , and that is a good thing .
That is also what the Council of Ministers wishes to see .
We should like to help determine and develop new catching methods .
But this can only be done in cooperation with the fishermen and through sets of regional agreements .
We must take care not to create a top-down bureaucracy in Brussels , rather than something which is created upwards from the last true hunters , namely fishermen .
And one final word from Scandinavia : it is painful to see how we are cutting back our fleet in Denmark , while the other Member States are failing to do the same .
Mr President , despite the positive progress , there continue to be serious problems , and it is incredible that there should again be a massive criticism of the Commission 's accounting system and the economic management of the Community 's resources .
That is why we in the Liberal Group is no longer prepared to accept the unconcerned approach of the Commission , which is responsible for the management of EU resources .
If no solution is found to the problems referred to in the Annual Report , there is the possibility of Commissioners having to face a vote of no confidence .
The problem facing us is that , once the European Parliament has approved the combined budget , it tends to be indifferent to any subsequent criticisms .
In my view the Court of Auditors has done a good job .
It explains the Danish case and will provide a 100 % explanation .
If the Court 's and the Commission 's remarks are correct , the ECU 16 million should be paid back unconditionally .
Another government must now deal with the irregularities .
I will not allow this matter to be dropped by the Committee on Budgetary Control before we have a very clear understanding about what is correct and what is incorrect .
It seems to me outrageous that people have closed their eyes to this .
Unfortunately state subsidies cannot be done away with immediately , so we must instead ensure that when such subsidies are provided , they take place in a predictable and transparent fashion .
This is why the Liberal Group has proposed a public , accessible register of all state subsidies within the Union which Member States provide to various activities .
I very much hope that Commissioner Van Miert agrees with point 18 of the report which is in line with the Irish presidency 's suggestion of a register .
The other point I would raise is the question whether the Commission should ally itself with those activities that are generated by state subsidies .
The most consistent way of ensuring predictability will be to introduce provisions laying down rules designed to regulate Member States ' requests for approval of state subsidies , the publication of cases and the setting of time limits , in short a framework for the overall consideration of such cases , which will also define the involvement of third parties , including rules on the right of access to documents and the possibility of commenting on cases , e.g . in the form of a public hearing .
As things stand at the moment I am unable to say how we will achieve a limitation of the use of cadmium .
As is fitting for a member of the Commission , I have answered the question which Parliament asked , and it is Parliament which decides what is 'urgent ' .
I would like to thank the Commissioner for the most obliging answer he has given .
By way of a supplement I would like to ask him whether he agrees with me that it is quite unacceptable that countries receiving large amounts of aid from the European Union should refuse to take back their own citizens speedily and efficiently when these citizens wish to return home .
I would also ask him whether he agrees with me that it is even more unacceptable , if this is possible , that not only Bosnia and Croatia , but even an intermediary country , Austria , should be putting obstacles in the way of buses transporting refugees back to their old countries ?
We know that some countries are forcing refugees back .
I am talking about refugees who , of their own volition , wish to return home , but are prevented from doing so by bureaucracy and an unhelpful approach in Bosnia and Croatia , and to a lesser extent also