long way away from the influx of refugees considerably tightening up on their refugee and asylum policy .
Mr President-in-Office of the Council , a joint resolution needs to be adopted as a matter of urgency .
It is , of course , the Council which , in the last analysis , makes the rules governing this cooperation .
Mr President , many people are very nervous about the EU 's being a sort of slide or helter-skelter of the kind that children use and on which there is really no stopping once you have started moving .
People are afraid that there are some folk down there in the EU , as they put it , who are trying to seize more competences , or more power , without asking them first .
I am therefore very pleased with this report , because it helps knock many of these myths on the head .
The report also has no truck with any catalogue of competences , which would make cooperation far too rigid a matter .
That is something which I also hope that organised opponents in my own country , Denmark , will take account of .
I have a couple of observations on individual parts of the report .
I myself have proposed that an individual Commissioner be responsible for subsidiarity , for that would give us elected representatives here in Parliament the ability to hold the Commission responsible for the subsidiarity issue and so force it both to explain itself directly to people and to justify its actions to them .
- ( DA ) We have voted in favour of the report in order to secure a solution to the problem of Kaliningrad 's citizens .
However , it is rather like trying to treat chickenpox by scraping it off the skin instead of going to the doctor .
The real problem is the closing of the external borders in the context of Schengen cooperation .
With the establishment of Fortress Europe , we are creating a new Iron Curtain running the length of Europe .
Sustainable development Mr President , I am able fully to endorse everything the rapporteurs , Mr Papayannakis and Mr Lannoye , have said and , specifically , I should like to emphasise that the EU must put its own house in order in the areas of agriculture and fisheries if poverty is to be combated effectively .
We can be pleased about the very fact that the Summit has been called , but otherwise no progress has , in general , been made in the global preparations for the summit .
There , it will hopefully be possible to produce a real action plan and political declaration which , for example , will be able to promote the implementation of various international conventions , something which , however , presupposes increased pressure on the part of Europe .
If the summit is to be a success , the EU must take on the role of political leadership and , as the country holding the presidency during the summit , Denmark has a big responsibility for leading the international process in the right direction .
The EU has also undertaken to work for a global agreement but , as Mr Lannoye pointed out , the Commission wishes to concentrate more on global partnerships , which is far from adequate .
The EU will not , however , be deciding upon its contribution to Johannesburg until as late as the July summit .
It is unfortunate that only a few EU Heads of State have undertaken to participate in the world summit for , without such high-level participation , there are fewer possibilities of success .
What we need now is action .
Madam President , I should like first of all to thank Commissioner Nielson and also express my thanks for two commendable reports .
Poverty is spreading , and the gulf between rich and poor is growing every single day .
There really is a vital need for us in the EU to assume a global responsibility at the World Conference in Johannesburg .
Allow me to specify some individual and crucial features .
We should break the link between economic growth and increased environmental damage , namely through the increased use of renewable energy and cleaner technology .
We should ensure that , in all policy areas , we give consideration to sustainability , whether we are talking about legislation , trade agreements , investment or development aid .
We should ensure that we have better and more reliable methods of implementing the international environmental and social agreements .
It might be said that , with the lack of preparation so far for the world conference and with a Bush administration in the United States , there is every good reason for fearing a fiasco in Johannesburg .
No less frightening is the report 's demonstration that the EU 's dominance of the national democracies is , in theory , boundless .
We protest against the fact that these proposals have been tabled on behalf of the Group for a Europe of Democracies and Diversities , because the proposals have not been debated in the group and because quite a few sub-groups , including the People 's Movement , cannot support the idea of an EU Light constitution , which is what the proposals are substantially about .
Mr President , what causes me to take the floor is simply Mr Cohn-Bendit 's observation that we must not serve national interests on this issue .
An investigation must , however , be carried out , then , into whether matters have in actual fact proceeded in this way or whether national interests have played a part .
I do not , moreover , think that a report is sufficient .
Anyone at all can come and say whatever they like .
