recommendation we are debating today , and he is right .
In short , all this report does is cause irritation , and I think it was pointless putting it before the House again .
We cannot and must not give up on these people .
The d'Ancona report was written in this spirit .
It recognises that harmonisation is premature and instead calls for concrete and enhanced cooperation between the authorities at national , regional and urban levels .
The UN General Assembly on Drugs held in July 1998 could have been an opportunity to address the most severe discrepancies between legislation and implementation , as well as incorporating in the Convention the recent developments on the drug scene .
And I think it goes without saying that , at a given point , Social Democrats and Christian Democrats should agree on an issue such as this , because it is surely our first guiding principle to combat suffering amongst those who are the most vulnerable .
A series of scandals has raised grave doubts as to the integrity of persons in high positions of responsibility in industry , government and political life .
We should learn from the experience of Europol and UCLAF , Commissioner .
Can you please ask the authorities responsible to reinstate it so that we can once again receive the news from the Netherlands in the morning , at midday and in the evening ?
Why is it so important that they should be documented ?
This guarantees that these market players will have a say in future developments .
This prompts me to ask what will happen to the money saved ?
Is there a chance here of extra aid to industry or for information purposes ?
Similar things may happen here .
The so-called 'dual rate effect ' will disappear because there will no longer be a green rate .
In the previous vote , in other words the last vote , I wanted to vote in favour and I voted in good time , but the machine is just not working .
UCLAF must be given greater independence .
Also , there are a number of institutional issues which arise over the combating of fraud and corruption .
A treaty under the third pillar would also have the drawback of inadequate legal safeguards for individuals , given that the powers of the Court are limited .
So it is not possible , Mr President .
In my own country that led to intimidation , threats and even the murder of a veterinary inspector .
They waste an incredible amount of time , energy and money coping with the obstacles created by 15 national borders , and the report does not make enough of this fact in our Europe without frontiers .
This Parliament is the biggest of those circles .
But we must make swift decisions .
The President of the Commission said that we must have an external inquiry function , and I understand that .
I hope we can come to a positive reply .
Like other honourable Members , Mr Dankert and Mrs Wemheuer , I would prefer to see that broader remit given to the UCLAF we already have .
Only recently , Mr President , in connection with the marketing of the Viagra pill , we saw how useful the European Agency for the Evaluation of Medicinal Products is , because it was on the strength of the Agency 's opinion that the Commission decided to license it .
I hope we may quickly have a result on that .
Mr President , I asked the Commissioner how she proposed to deal with the question of currency movements and the effect of the corrective coefficient .
I specifically want to know if you will tell me what the cost was , because I cannot imagine that any employer would stand for the good name of the Union being besmirched in such a way by these members of its staff .
I agree that maritime safety policy must be Union-wide in its scope .
Consequently I cannot support the amendment tabled on this point .
The bill for it will be gigantic too , and we do not have the money , certainly not for Eastern Europe , where infrastructure is virtually non-existent .
My group sees two priorities here .
I agree with those who say that because money is tight we must rein ourselves in and refrain from grand designs - we should confine ourselves to a few plans which meet the criteria of sustainability and transparency , and we should not lose sight either of the fact that things are happening in Eastern Europe which hint at the imminent collapse of forms of public transport which in fact work perfectly well , whilst more and more people are travelling to work under their own steam .
Now the bad news .
We must in future have tourism which is sustainable .
Mr President , if the Austrians are starting to defend Strasbourg and attack Brussels , and if the Bureau is dealing with the matter and the Quaestors are starting to get involved , then we know for sure that nothing will ever come of it .
Finally , I do not think we need to adopt a paternalistic attitude towards Malta .
Mr Gingic said , and I quote , ' If there is an air strike against Serbia the road to Europe will be closed to us , we will fall into a black hole and the opposition will find things very difficult ' .
Is anything known about the outcome of the talks between Rugova and Holbrooke ?
The guilty party has been clearly identified , as we asked .
The Security Council must decide in the next few days on whether to take military action .
President Milosevic has forced our hand and he must now face the consequences .
