I am afraid Mr Pirker belittles the addictive nature and dangerous effects of the synthetic drugs and also the social exclusion they prove to lead to .
I hope Parliament will repudiate the amendments which , directly or indirectly , plead for legalization .
Overall these reports signify a reinforcement for combating air pollution , even though there are shortcomings , aeroplane fuel , for example , has been left out .
On the other hand , however , the constant ambitions for power among certain EU Parliamentarians has cast an ugly shadow on the Hautala report , against the wishes of the rapporteur .
Referring to 100a( 4 ) is pointless , as everybody knows it is no guarantee for the environment , but a barely reduced possibility for exemption , which can hardly ever be used ; and what is more , the Amsterdam Treaty will make it even worse .
Mr President , the three reports we are now discussing are closely related .
I shall , however , concentrate on the Hulthén report on a common strategy to combat acidification .
In Sweden the subsidies towards the liming of lakes in order to raise the pH level have been reduced .
The proposal to stop national subsidies for coal is therefore significant .
We should also admit that the safe Western nuclear power provides a considerable contribution against acidification as well as the greenhouse effect .
One big problem , however , remains , namely , section 1 of paragraph 11 of the Commission 's proposal on the possibility of banning national and multinational eco-labelling systems .
There is an obvious risk here of destroying an eco-labelling system which is working well , providing consumers with good information .
Why cannot the Commission , which is otherwise so keen on free competition , be so in this case , too ?
We have also tabled such an amendment .
Mr President , I would like to begin by thanking the rapporteur for a good report .
Like many others here I share the anxiety about removing existing systems , private , regional and national .
This proposed legislation has met with some criticism , not least from the unions .
Can the Commission guarantee that the proposal which has been tabled does not in any way limit the possibility of disputes on the labour market and employees ' abilities to take proper legal action which could also affect transport ?
You could say that there have been such deep differences of opinion within the Council of Ministers that we have not succeeded in finding a solution .
Then we await the reaction .
Once 1 July is passed , the deadline laid down in the Amsterdam Treaty for ratification in the Member States , there is reason to start discussing whether we should not turn these instruments into first pillar instruments and directives instead .
I can very easily understand that decisions are required by the Swedish as well as the Danish governments before the Commission will be able to give further financial assistance , but I would like to put the following question : supposing the Swedish and Danish governments were to agree to build such a link , might the EU then assist in the same way as in the matter of the link between Malmö and Copenhagen ?
Today 50-70 % of the railway wagons go empty , at the same time as these large transport companies would like to double their capacity on the railway .
Mr President , the report we are now dealing with leads us into a very important discussion of principles .
There are not only advantages but disadvantages as well with the new technology .
I am thinking of the children .
I support my party friend Mr Whitehead 's proposal on joint rules for marking lists of contents with the aim of simplifying the identification of illegal and damaging contents .
It is about where the lines are to be drawn for the area of competence of this Parliament .
She does point out that it may mean greater flexibility , but there are risks with it as well ; on the one hand , the committee may inadvertently make decisions for the economy ; on the other hand - and maybe first and foremost - a committee procedure implies that this Parliament will no longer have the right to codecision in matters concerning customs code on transit .
One of the problems with our Parliament , I think , is that we occupy ourselves far too much with detail in areas where we really lack basic competence .
I do not believe it realistic to imagine that a committee of experts who really know all the details in the case would put forward a proposal that would come as a total surprise to commerce and industry .
The Commission wishes to transfer this to the committee , briefly put , and let the committee decide which companies are to be trusted .
I lack expert knowledge in this particular matter , but I wish to use this to illustrate the problems that appear when legal texts are made too detailed .
The distinction between security policy and defence policy has become less obvious in so far as the risk of an armed attack on EU members has , in the phase in which we now find ourselves , diminished .
Europe needs both a deterrent protection of its borders and the capacity to intervene forcefully in order to resolve crises .
NATO forms the basis for European cooperation in the field of defence .
Nevertheless , European defence cooperation within the WEU has lacked strength .
The Tindemans report gives us an opportunity to reflect on this point .
The European Union aims to promote peace in Europe .
In order to gain membership of the European Union , the applicant states are striving