the Commission and that the Member States know how to make the most of it .
We would argue that there is a potential saving and we therefore support - indeed we are ourselves suggesting this - reductions in some budgetary items .
We are well aware that there can always be strong doses of populism and demagoguery surrounding budgetary issues , and we repudiate these .
The SIS II should have become operational in 2007 .
Second , have these tests been concluded ?
Although the test conditions were not fully respected by the Member States or the contracted company , and despite the fact that the limited number of transfers did not comply with the required response times , the great majority of Member States concluded that the deviations were insignificant and that the tests ' major objectives had been met .
Although the conditions necessary in order to go ahead with the migration have not all been met , nor is a time foreseeable when that will be the case , the mandate that was granted to the Commission to develop the SIS II will expire again on 30 June 2010 .
The Global Programme Management Board must also be created , and its management of the SIS II formally integrated .
I would like to thank everyone for being extremely cooperative .
The Commission has also judiciously reviewed some statements by the European Refugee Fund to make possible a more vigorous and robust policy for resettlement of refugees .
These strategies must sometimes allow for intervention in certain areas of the world , open doors to a given country , or establish trust relationships in certain areas of the world .
To achieve this , we proposed increasing the sum to be assigned per refugee to the new Member States in the first year , decreasing it a little in the second and making it the same as the other Member States that resettle refugees from the third year onwards ; this was conditional on the increased amount for the first years , which are the years in which it costs most to start a new resettlement programme , being used to develop a sustainable resettlement programme .
What is happening is that , from our point of view and that of the legal service , this decision is part of the delegated acts , and , as such , we believe that it falls to the Commission to argue for the adoption of the delegated acts here , as guardian of the treaties , and not raise objections that are , currently , merely procedural .
After all the delays , indefinitely extending the Commission 's mandate does not make any sense .
This raises a legitimate question : why can officials of the Commission and the Member States participate and not those of Parliament ?
I also hope that the procedural issues will be rapidly overcome , in accordance with what is written in the treaties , because we all know that what we have is not enough and we all know that just assigning part of the budget is still not a true refugee resettlement programme .
Madam President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , allow me to point out the fact that we are debating the first report by the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development that is subject to the ordinary legislative procedure as set out in the Treaty of Lisbon .
Mr President , I would like to thank Commissioner Cioloş and the Commission 's high officials , with whom we worked and negotiated , for the openness and flexibility they showed .
With the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon , and despite the fact that the opinion that the proposal should continue to follow the simplified process predominated in the other political groups and the Council - because they thought that the proposal did not need amendments and should enter into force quickly - at the time , the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament and I understand that Parliament needed to express its opinion then in accordance with the Treaty of Lisbon , and take up its role of colegislator .
In my function as rapporteur for the opinion of the Committee on Regional Development , I welcome the fact that all the amendments proposed were fully accepted by the rapporteur and that the Committee on Regional Development voted in favour of all of them .
It is in this context that we welcome this report on specific measures for agriculture in the outermost regions .
What will be left when these five years are up ?
The change that has occurred since it was adopted in 2006 - both in the field of legislation and in that of its application , as well as to the situation itself - has necessitated the introduction of amendments so that an updated version of it can continue to be an important instrument in the adaptation of certain Union agricultural policies relating to the specificities of the outermost regions , as set out in Articles 349 and 107 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union .
These are measures to be applied retroactively from 1 January 2010 which do not represent any obstacle to free competition in our single market and constitute important contributions to the economies of these regions , whose natural frailties make them more vulnerable at a time of profound crisis .
It must facilitate exchanges of information , analyses and experiences between them , organise training activities , and develop concrete cooperation between the administrations entrusted with analysis of asylum requests .
I think that it is basic common sense that an open-door policy - without criteria to restrict access to the Union 's territory - is unacceptable , but that a policy of absolutely prohibiting entry is intolerable .
