A further point is the Euro-Mediterranean Development Bank .
I would inform you that there have been no cases of default on payment , except with regard to the investments made in Gaza , and you will understand why that might be the case there .
With regard to the joint effort and the comments in the Italian press , I did not say that I was alone but that I was alone the morning of the press conference , and I can assure you that I certainly was alone , for I had Mr Chirac on one side and Mr Jospin on the other , with the journalists facing me , and I can assure you that nobody dreamed of suggesting the Convention then .
These are facts , statistics .
We must move forwards in this direction , but I would stress that the carelessness with which all of us in Europe are currently treating these major issues of solidarity and social balance is unacceptable .
In all sincerity , Mrs van den Burg , we do not base our agendas on what we read in the financial pages : we set them according to our own criteria .
I will now give the floor to Commissioner Schreyer , who will give you the breakdown of these transactions .
Why have I mentioned this , Mrs Randzio-Plath ?
I can assure you , however , that we have also reflected on the problems of coordination with the World Bank , which already operates in this field but only has a quarter of the EIB ' s investments , employs four fifths of its resources in a single country , Turkey , and , in other words , does not have a general activity dedicated to the Mediterranean ; the African Development Bank operates throughout the Mediterranean but with negligible impact .
Mr President , Minister , ladies and gentlemen , I will do my best to be very brief , not least because I have already made one speech today in this House and because Mr Rato y Figaredo has already given a detailed explanation of events as regards Lisbon .
A great deal remains to be done , however : I am thinking of the Community patent , the Galileo project , which seems to have received fresh impetus in the last few hours - and we truly hope that it will be able to make progress - and the new legal framework for public procurement .
It is a practical demonstration of the interinstitutional dialogue , and I , like Mr Rato y Figaredo , hope that the Barcelona Summit will deliver tangible progress in terms of stimulating reform , job creation , strengthening cohesion and environmental improvements .
Each is important in itself , but together they form the recipe for long-term success .
Thirdly , the Barcelona strategy must contain a response to the present economic situation and an assessment of the progress made by the different countries in implementing their various policies , so that we can see which priorities need to be focused on in the coming 12 months .
Lastly , we expect the European Council to firmly endorse the importance of life sciences and biotechnology : this is an area in which there is no reason why Europe should not lead the world .
As of 2003 , the candidate countries will be included in the structural indicators the Commission uses to assess progress on the Lisbon strategy .
We have many doubts regarding the economic and social model based on deregulation , flexibility and further liberalisation of the internal market , as recently confirmed by Mr Blair and Mr Berlusconi in their joint statement , which , it is no coincidence , made absolutely no reference to sustainable development .
This is the case with a document signed by the Italian and British Heads of Government which endorses not structural reform but deregulation of the labour market and the abolition of collective bargaining , making it subject to voluntary opting-in of individual employers and workers .
Thirdly , the delay in the endeavours of the Community institutions , including Parliament , to bring their activities into line with the principle of sustainable development , a principle which allows neither completely separate departments nor overlapping responsibilities .
They met in the conviction that there is a labour market model which needs reforming .
The suggestion put forward of a State reinsurance mechanism is certainly interesting , precisely because these terrorist acts are not committed against individuals but against the community of all people .
It would be genuinely feasible to find some creative instruments to put pressure on the United States , and I believe this has not been seriously attempted .
There are others , from Russia to China , which should , perhaps , also be mentioned or be the subject of focus .
I feel that this is to be welcomed as positive for it represents another tangible step forwards - made possible by the cooperation not just of the rapporteur , Mrs Flesch , but also of the Commission and of Commissioner Liikanen , in particular - towards the implementation of the undertakings given at the Lisbon Summit .
Behind the essentially peaceful facade , tensions are rising which could explode given the right political situation .
A conference between the countries of the southern Caucasus and the European Union could also yield results and make it clear whether it would be better to adopt the 'step-by-step' method or an overall solution .
As the report has already pointed out , this trend clearly generates the danger of growing inequalities between students .
In this regard , the basic resources provided need to be sufficient to enable students to be independent and live without relying heavily on support from their families , considering that