opinion on the regulations for the Agency and on biometric data .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the forthcoming European Council in Brussels takes place just a few months before the entry into force of the Accession Treaty .
The Heads of State or Government will be required to provide important directions for the completion of the enlargement process , especially in the light of the reports presented by the Commission on 5 November 2003 .
The European Council therefore has a responsibility to facilitate these steps by mapping out in sufficient detail the road that they need to follow .
In the medium term , our goal is still to ensure that Turkey is sufficiently ready for the decision that the European Council will be adopting in a year’s time .
For this reason as well , the European Council will particularly welcome the decision to create a European agency dedicated specifically to promoting the development and acquisition of new military capacity .
The involvement of trades union and employers is the best guarantee of success for any initiative promoting employment .
In the decisions taken we will see the fruit of the new Convention method , proposed by the European Parliament and the Commission and approved by the Heads of State or Government at the Laeken European Council in December 2001 .
Article 3 of the draft Constitution solemnly sets out the Union’s objectives along these lines .
For all other issues , there is still a danger that the Intergovernmental Conference might take steps backwards towards the intergovernmental method .
Nothing less , but nothing more .
One thing is certain , ladies and gentlemen : the Commission will hold out against any attempt to weaken the powers of the European Parliament , especially in budgetary matters , right to the end of the Intergovernmental Conference .
Of course , the Commission ’s preference remains a system based on 50 % of the Member States representing at least 50 % of the population .
The Council therefore accepted the commitments given by Germany and France that they would consolidate their 2005 budgets .
For our part , we shall continue to discharge our duty by applying the Treaty and the rules of the Pact .
We must restore the credibility of our instruments of economic governance and of the rule of law now that we are in the midst of a debate on our new Constitution .
Indeed , in my view , it is not enough to revise the rules for implementing the Pact .
We must not settle for less at this great , historic time .     – Mr President , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , Mr President of the Commission , I am going to read some statements made after Naples .
Mr Fischer said : ‘ I am leaving Naples more concerned than when I arrived’ .
Bravo .
On 8 September 1943 , when the Italian army disintegrated overnight like Saddam Hussein’s army , Italy could have been liberated in two months .
Italy and Europe are once again shuddering as they did in the case of the former Yugoslavia .
I therefore support , President Antonione , your comments in favour of abandoning national particularism .
Therefore , I must reiterate that attention has been given to this matter and will certainly continue to be in the future .
We will not accept watered-down compromises and we will avoid any horse-trading , as it has been called in the last hour .
This is one of the issues which has suddenly disappeared from sight despite the fact that so much energy and thought was given to it in the institutional framework .
I said the instruments do not exist but the problem does .
Economic growth , lower than that forecast by approximately one percentage point , led to a greater increase in public deficits than expected .
In addition to this , it should be borne in mind that , in 2003 , France and Germany set in motion an intense programme of welfare state reforms , which had a decisive , positive impact on the sustainability of public finances .
At this point a deadlock developed : there was a risk that the most important thing , namely the substance , would be lost for reasons of form .
The contents of the statement may be summarised as follows : stability and growth are the fundamental objectives of European economic policy .
Six months ago , at the start of this six-month presidency , we presented an Action Plan for Growth to this House .
Furthermore , for the third year running , we – and I am a rapporteur on European public finances  – have had to note that the European economy is stagnating .
Breaking the rules is the art of this Italian ruling class ; breaking them according to the rule of emergencies .
Pacts can be respected when those who do not respect them can decide that there are cases of when they do not have to be respected .
This incident , however , only serves to highlight the shortcomings and contradictions that remain in the management of the Stability and Growth Pact , with the European Parliament still being excluded from any codecision procedure .
The Italian Presidency has taken it out of the water in which it was drowning .
Taken note of the rejection of the Commission recommendations without adopting any other act ?
The Presidency’s position has been totally impartial .
What we are talking about is a political process .
The difference does not lie in the procedure : whether the procedure and the sanctions amount to the same thing or whether the procedure can be construed in a different way , the requirement of essential compliance with the Commission ’s recommendations remains the same .
The sanctions are one part of the rules ; they are not all of the rules