It is particularly important from the point of view of those people who have to work with these types of chemical preparations every day .
In other words , the rapporteur has done a good job and deserves to be congratulated .
Perhaps we are only further complicating a matter which should really have left Parliament as quickly as possible once a decision had been reached .
We must therefore begin by doing our best to find suitable substitutes .
I think the actions I have proposed would be effective .
I entirely agree that we should be directing our efforts towards establishing a system that is clear and simple , and eliminating any ambiguity as to who has responsibility and authority .
On this much we are all agreed .
On the contrary , I believe that the new Treaty and institutional arrangements go in quite another direction .
The European Union is the sum total of its Member States , and even if unanimity has not always been an effective arrangement , the aim was that it should not just be effective , but also democratic .
That is what the report is endeavouring to safeguard .
Therefore , we strongly support the indents calling for an improvement in cross-border coordination of civil legislation .
In that respect , the rapporteur is right .
Imposing social rights on others may lead to a hypothetical quality of life , but in reality only serves to undermine the general well-being - this is always so where the welfare system is financed through taxation .
It is essential for the Union to make progress in this respect , particularly in view of future enlargement .
Mr President , one thing we can learn from a century of European history is that democracies and dictatorships cannot live side by side for ever , and that the notion of peaceful coexistence under such circumstances has a built-in time-limit .
The European Union has a duty to take a clear stand in support of democracy and democrats .
Europe also has a responsibility to ensure that all the countries and self-governing areas in the Balkans have democratic systems , and that the people understand both the obligations and duties inherent in democracy .
The Serbs and Albanians , Muslims and members of the Orthodox Church should be made to feel that the European Union , without preconceptions or discrimination , is seeking a balanced solution .
The Social Democrats are always a pace or two behind the Council .
Today 's demonstration by French farmers in support of their livelihood and their very survival provides a graphic example of the situation in this part of Europe .
There has not been such a dramatic migration away from the inland communities since the 1960s .
I would appreciate an answer to this question .
However , there has recently been a sea change in people 's views .
Or would it only be necessary to fulfil the criteria relating to inflation , interest rates and so on ?
Nothing much had happened before the initiative by Sweden and Ireland , amongst others , which prompted new questions about a realistic way to eliminate nuclear weapons .
I have high hopes that the German Presidency will be prepared to take up the initiative , bringing nuclear disarmament a step nearer .
People are becoming more aware , and this is leading to discussions concerning antibiotics , salmonella and additives .
Fourthly , there should be rules at both European and international level governing the safety precautions that are required should GMOs be released into the environment .
Mr President , Commissioner , I should like to say that I was impressed by this proposal for a directive .
I should like to mention one or two points .
I believe that this is necessary if the scheme is to work .
In a number of different areas , the industry has shown that it is capable of making the necessary adaptations .
In all probability it is only our politicians who understand them .
I can go along with part of what Mr Marset Campos said here , namely that this report , which we had thought would support the peace process , could just as easily be seen as a threat to that process if these issues are used to the wrong ends and in the political arena .
I am a little anxious that , in spite of everything , funds will sneak in from other programmes precisely for use in research on nuclear fusion and nuclear activity .
It would now be appropriate for Israel to release him as quickly as possible .
There are several other parts of this research project which I do not , perhaps , view as positively as the rapporteur does .
One such area is space research .
We are just as reluctant for such research to be conducted in the EU as we are for it to be conducted within the framework of agreements with other countries .
The rapporteur says in her introduction that after the agreement has entered into force , and after it has been in operation , we shall make an assessment of the extent to which different Palestinian centres have been given the opportunity to participate .
In Swedish waters alone , there are hundreds of discharges of this type every year .
Naturally , a huge plus point is that this means that nobody will need to dump oily waste directly into the sea for purely economic reasons .
On this basis , let me put a question to the Commissioner responsible : what steps is he prepared to take in order to include the EU 's various applicant countries in today 's decision ?
The serious crimes committed in connection with the presidential elections in January deserve firm condemnation .
And how does the Commission