in place are to succeed in practice and on a day-to-day basis , it is crucial that the NGOs which represent the minorities affected should be involved as much as possible in the work .
Otherwise , the initiatives will not succeed in the real world .
Only racial discrimination is to be prohibited in all areas of society in general .
Grounds for discrimination should have equal status .
I therefore wish strongly to support Mrs Swiebel ' s proposal to the effect that the Commission be obliged to correct this error within the next three years .
Today is therefore a good opportunity to confirm that this proposal will be followed up .
Mr President , Mrs Pack is right .
The EU is facing a number of challenges - enlargement towards the East , the intergovernmental conference and the Treaty in Nice .
These questions are at the top of the agenda .
The problems relating to democracy and to the EU' s closeness to the people are other crucial issues .
I believe that solving these problems is a prerequisite for the success of the European project as a whole .
I entirely agree with the President of the Commission about the need to prepare such a list along the lines of a constitution , and I am quite clear about the fact that the subsidiarity principle must be reinforced and that the EU must therefore refrain from making policy on the wide range of areas in which the political problems are not of a cross-border nature .
In so far as the President of the Commission has had any ideas about which areas belong where , I hope that he shares my view that issues of parental control of children ' s television viewing do not belong on the EU' s agenda .
Allow me finally to emphasise that the Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party is also concerned about the increase in the number of TV programmes containing sex and violence .
But , all other things being equal , I think it is the job of parents to prevent their children from seeing that sort of thing at home .
Mr President , I should like to begin by welcoming Mrs Péry back to Parliament .
Those of us who have previously heard her in Parliament know that , with her as President-in-Office of the Council , we have a very committed spokesperson for women ' s issues , and that is something we need if our plans are to succeed at all .
In the committee , we combined three reports from the Commission and dealt with them together .
We have promised ourselves that this will not happen in future .
This is something which , as women , we should be pleased about .
There is really a paradox in the fact that we in the EU have , on the one hand , an outstanding basis for equality - especially now with the Treaty of Amsterdam - but that , on the other hand , there are fifteen men in the European Council who make all the decisions , something I shall refrain from commenting further upon .
I am also saying this because I think it is incredibly important that the EU should be given a stronger women ' s perspective , and I say this for two reasons .
In Denmark , we have equality in a great many areas , so women ought not to feel threatened by the project .
We therefore have some problem or other , and I will venture to say that it is not because we have declined to say that the EU is OK .
Instead , it has to do with this overridingly male-dominated agenda , which women have emotional reasons for voting against .
Secondly , we are now facing enlargement , and we know that the progressive changeover from state-run to private enterprises affects women more than men .
For , if we do not make a special effort in this area , I am completely convinced that there will again be a range of emotional reactions which will not necessarily have to do with the EU clauses but with the fact that the EU is , all in all , a very male-dominated enterprise .
I would therefore prevail upon the President-in-Office of the Council , both the current and the forthcoming ones , as well as upon the Commissioner , to be alert to this aspect , for I believe that it is absolutely fundamental to our work that we make a very big effort in this area .
It is therefore no wonder that the President-in-Office of the Council is having difficulty getting her action plan through .
I have a dream of our being able to obtain proper statistics for the different areas so that we can obtain indicators for the labour market , education and many other matters in relation to equality .
I would very much recommend that this be done for the candidate countries too , for it proves to be incredibly difficult to obtain figures from the candidate countries about how responsibilities are divided between men and women in the different areas .
There were thousands of other things I could have done with saying .
I can see , however , that my allocated speaking time has run out , so I shall stop at this point .
I would , however , put a strong case to the Presidency and the Commissioner for our continuing to follow the guidelines which we have indicated in the report and to which I have referred in my speech .
Even if we sympathise with the idea of regulating the European production and export of arms politically , we are sceptical about the Titley report , mainly for the following reasons