order for the report to be adopted .
After all , equality is one of the areas in which the EU still leads the field .
This is , of course , an outstanding example of the EU actually doing something for its citizens and being way ahead of the field , even compared with the Scandinavian countries .
The proposal deals , of course , with various matters , including sexual harassment and matters related to childbirth , but also with opportunities for fathers .
Despite its shortcomings , the Treaty of Nice deserves clear support , since it makes the EU ready for enlargement .
Up until the Intergovernmental Conference , we supported a so-called narrow agenda and also voted against the European Parliament ' s very wide-ranging wishes .
The Intergovernmental Conference that ended in Nice showed that there are great deficiencies in the way in which the EU at present amends treaties .
Like the rest of Parliament , we take a positive view of declaration 23 concerning the future of the European Union .
However , we oppose large , centrally controlled information campaigns .
The implementation of a convention in the style of that which drew up the Charter of Fundamental Rights last year may be a positive contribution in this connection .
Madam President , I would like to support Mr Martin' s proposal , for the situation is one of great urgency .
Consequently , we should take the initiative to ensure that there is at least pause for thought and that we do not just ride roughshod over the Irish referendum .
I intend to speak in our common language .
Although the participation rate was low , I think it is worth remembering that it was no lower than it was in many places in the European Parliamentary elections at which we were elected .
The participation rate in Ireland corresponds very well to the participation rate in elections to the European Parliament .
I would like to say to the Irish people that of course it is up to them to work out how we move forward .
In complete contrast to my good fellow Member , Mr Haarder , I would gladly recommend the Danish model .
This latitude could also provide room for that diversity which will become part of the experience of all of us when enlargement becomes a success , which hopefully will happen very soon .
Madam President , I should like to say that I do not entirely agree with my Danish fellow Member , Mr Haarder , in his attack on Jens-Peter Bonde , who was the campaign leader in Ireland .
However , now that Mr Bonde is advocating openness so much , we should like to know whether the DKK 100 000 that he obtained for the campaign came from opponents or from his former comrades on the central committee or in East Germany .
In May , the EU and UN held the third conference on the least developed countries here in Strasbourg .
These are , namely , that , since 1971 , when the UN recognised the term 'least developed ' , the number of the least developed countries has grown from 25 to 49 today .
Only one country , Botswana , has managed to struggle out of the ranks of the least developed countries .
The gap between the world ' s rich and poor has grown .
In 1997 , it was 74 times as high , and the figure is undoubtedly even higher today .
In addition , unstable political conditions and a growing number of violent conflicts make it difficult to create long-term development plans .
It is slightly better in the case of the EU , where it is 0.34 % .
This was most recently illustrated in connection with Commissioner Lamy ' s proposal , which was based on the Member States ' deferring the organisation of the market in sugar , especially with the support of the European sugar producers .
In addition to this , there is ICT.
The opportunities that this technology can provide , as well as the risk of further marginalisation , form the background to this initiative report .
The main viewpoint - the sustaining argument of the report - is that ICT provides an opportunity for the developing countries to make a quantum leap .
In the report , I mention a number of sectors in which ICT can be used advantageously and in which other organisations such as the UNDP and the World Bank and some of the Member States have already had good experience .
The report on experience arrived here this spring , and the communication will hopefully arrive before the meeting of the Development Council in November 2001 .
This is a necessary but not a sufficient condition .
Consequently , in an earlier report - namely the Gemelli report - in March of this year , the European Parliament also asked the Commission to give this area greater priority , possibly as part of the transport priority .
This report therefore contains a proposal for an e-development unit .
However , it is of course not only ICT that must be used in the context of the aid we provide .
The shining example from other areas is the Grameen Bank in Bangladesh , which started micro loans for women - in the first instance in the agricultural sector , but later expanding to encompass other areas as well .
A similar commitment within ICT is imperative .
There are some that are in progress and more should be given further impetus .
Finally , Mr President : ICT is always emphasised as the technology that can liberate people .
In view of our experiences with the oil and pharmaceuticals industries , it would be good if enterprises could become a shining example into the bargain