Once again , it will be some time before this becomes reality , but next summer , the Commission intends to make a statement on Mrs Peijs ' proposal to reduce the period by half .
We can , of course , agree on the principle of this proposal , but not on the proposed working method .
Parliament , in its wisdom , completely shares your view .
Today , I would particularly like to make a case for systematically eliminating as many as possible , if not all , barriers which stand in the way of establishing the internal market , and for optimising the competitiveness of SMEs , allowing them to develop in a dynamic and sustained manner .
We endorse the attention which the rapporteur , Mrs Montfort , is paying - rightly so - to small and medium-sized businesses , and micro-enterprises , as well as to granting priority support to young fledgling entrepreneurs .
Enterprises need clarity .
I would particularly like to highlight the predicament of women and children in Albania .
The appeal of the NGOs , of the women ' s NGOs must be acted upon .
There is also the threat that they will be picked up again by the traffickers and returned to the countries of destination .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I would first and foremost like to thank the rapporteur , Mr Wuermeling for the work he has invested in his report .
It is beyond question that redundant legislation needs to be abolished , for it is indeed not sufficient to restrict the inflation of legislation ; rules and regulations must also be drafted in clear language and the obligations pursuant to these must be easily understood .
But what do we do about it ?
In the past , it was deemed quite natural for the economy to be prized more highly than the protection of the natural balance , and for the poorest people in Europe to try and pinch a few crumbs from Europe ' s domination over the third world .
Are we going to carry on complaining , with our hands tied , or are other Member States going to follow suit and start discriminating against Italian teachers ?
Each Member State is a signatory to the European Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms , which provides an additional guarantee for the effective protection of fundamental rights .
For the first time since the European Union was established we have here the basis of a constitution , a constitution for the supranational structure that is the European Union .
Here too we have articles that protect citizens against discrimination , for example on the labour market .
It is intended to be for their benefit , and we hope they will take this on board with gratitude .
The EU Charter must be firmly rooted in the Council of Europe ' s Social Charter as well as the ECHR.
They must set a course for the articles of the Charter to be included , in a binding manner , in the Treaty , and there is a need for supervisory procedures , reporting obligations , independent experts and complaints procedures .
They want a propaganda document , the main aim of which will be to describe the current European Union and justify the future development of a single European superstate , and from which no new rights whatsoever ensue from the point of view of EU citizens .
Turkey ' s former Foreign Minister , Mümtaz Soysal , recently put this pressing question .
Yet how hard it is to win the Turkish political establishment over to this solution , from which both parties stand to benefit .
.
Unless it is amended in such a way as to shift the emphasis to social fundamental rights and the environment , I will be unable to vote in favour of adopting the Charter .
It sometimes seems as though this objective takes precedence over the fight against white-collar crime .
This also means that the Commission ' s new proposal was worth waiting for , because it sets out in clear and lucid terms how the European Commission proposes to deliver aid in future , both with regard to the general regulation for the Balkans and with regard to the proposal for the agency in Kosovo .
I happened to be at a conference in Zagreb last week , when once again it became evident how important it is not to teach future generations of mini Balkans citizens - as it were - old stereotypes , or inculcate them with notions of 'the enemy ' , and instead , to made a fresh start in this respect .
We cannot adopt a regulation here in Parliament knowing full well that the funds required to implement it will not be available .
As I said , we need to do this to raise our profile .
The procedures involved are often too complex , but we must not turn a blind eye , nor must we want to - and I hope the Member States do not do so either - to their part in this .
All too often the Member States have tried to get in on the act where overseas aid is concerned .
I would therefore say : let the agency do what it is good at , i .e . physical reconstruction .
Nor did it take on board the comments in Mrs Pack ' s report , which was available to us back in 1999 , or the feedback from the ad hoc delegation that we sent to Kosovo , and which submitted some very important recommendations under the leadership of Doris Pack and Terry Wynn .
We need a flexible system to this end , a lightweight structure free