With regard to the international financial architecture , the autonomy of the existing institutions and the mandate of their boards of management will be upheld and support will be given to the process currently under way in the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank .
I should like to list these contributions .
Similarly , external debt relief has been linked to the effective use of these resources to achieve economic growth and a sustained development that benefits the least-favoured sectors of each country taking part in these mechanisms .
Despite the doubts that remained up until the last moment , we were able to adopt a final text on 27 January , almost two months before this important international meeting .
And , lastly , because contributing to the progress and development of peoples is the best weapon with which to ensure international peace and security , something that , unfortunately , not all countries seem to understand .
Seeking agreement must be one of our objectives at the Conference , but concluding an agreement cannot mean making concessions on commitments , such as allocating 0.7 % of GDP , or a timetable for making this contribution with which to finance development .
I have to say that the European Union is in a very special position at this type of conference .
Let us hope that at this meeting , which will be held in March , the European Union , which has a common and single position and counts on the support of Parliament , can go even further with these principles and these objectives that I have expressed and which , as I have seen , enjoy the support of this Parliament .
I should also like to remind you of the guidelines , both on torture and on the use of the death penalty , which are constantly taken into account in the drafting of our external policy and in our relations with third countries .
Taking account of our quota in what is known as the ' Western European Group ' , the European Union has , without any doubt , the largest allocation of places .
It illustrates the broad range of issues that we will have to address in the Commission on Human Rights , where the defence of these rights must be comprehensive and , naturally , is universal .
These committees must be given the resources they need to perform their work to their best ability .
I wish to conclude , Mr President , by offering a thought on the new situation that has arisen from 11 September .
We have known for quite a while now that suffering , poverty , human rights violations , persecution on the grounds of sex , sexual orientation , religion , culture or race are global phenomena .
If we want to achieve this goal we need to have more political ambition and a single , forceful and radical voice against those who violate human rights .
All of these issues are on the agenda .
I assure you , Mr President , that the Council is fully committed to the defence of the values and principles that are inherent to our culture , civilisation and to the Community acquis .
In this regard , I would like to thank Mr Napolitano for accepting my amendment , with which I wanted to highlight this extreme situation , which is almost always invoked by those who want to strengthen a particular institution at the expense of others .
Mr President , the national parliaments and the European Parliament have to cooperate , not compete with one other .
Mr Napolitano has emphasised the importance of maintaining this difference in powers , and most importantly has underlined the real danger of certain powers bypassing the competence of the national parliaments , in the field of foreign affairs and within the third pillar , for example , which should not be entrusted to a supranational Parliament .
This control is certainly absent in many Member States and this is a hindrance to the participation of the national parliaments in active control and in the proposal of European issues in each State .
The room for manoeuvre and involvement of this Parliament when the Commission presents its reports is practically zero .
I am also very pleased to be able , on behalf of the Presidency-in-Office of the Council , to participate in Question Time in the European Parliament , and furthermore in a parliament which has such a dignified President .
Other Member States have in fact used it to this end .
The Council would remind honourable Members that in item 2 of the conclusions of the Action Plan from the extraordinary European Council of 21 September , the European Council calls for the implementation , as soon as possible , of all the international agreements in force in the fight against terrorism , that is to say , all those produced by the United Nations , the OECD and other international organisations .
However , Article 3 of the European Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms , as deduced from the case law of the European Court of Human Rights , allows it to be established that no-one can be removed , expelled or extradited to a State in which they could be subject to the death penalty , to torture or to inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment .
Mr Carnero González was present in the Committee on Foreign Affairs , Human Rights , Common Security and Defence Policy when I said , quite clearly and unambiguously , and I am honoured to be able to repeat this here today , that the European Union will never - I repeat - never , allow any European citizen to be extradited , under any kind of agreement with the United States ,