, I should like to present the compliments of one of my fellow countrymen .
He is pursuing a more European policy than most , at least just at the moment .
His name is Bjarne Riis .
He is riding for a German firm , and his family lives in Luxembourg .
However , the fact is that everything which he described lies in the realm of what might be called diplomatic censure .
According to a Burmese newspaper , Mr Nichols was a scoundrel who deserved to die .
He is now dead , and what the opposition , the democratic movement , is calling for is that we should take economic sanctions .
All the opposition is asking for economic sanctions to be applied .
So it is not as if we would be taking them against the will of the people in Burma .
I would therefore ask the President-in-Office once again to consider whether we should not meet the wishes of the opposition in Burma and introduce sanctions against the illegal junta which is now occupying the government .
Mr President , I would ask you to bring this circus to an end now , whereby French Members are deliberately harassing Parliament in its work .
I would ask you to let us proceed with our agenda and stop listening to this nonsense .
Mr President , the situation in Burma continues to attract the maximum attention on a worldwide scale .
In Scandinavia , we are deeply shocked by the death of our consul , James Nicols , in a Burmese prison .
The Burmese ambassador in London has been summoned to Denmark , where he is also accredited , but he has simply not come .
A post-mortem examination has been refused , and there has been no explanation as to why he was convicted and imprisoned .
It is simply claimed that he had too many fax machines in his office in Rangoon .
What an explanation !
Dialogue and requests are leading nowhere .
Like Mr Bertens , I also wish to appeal to the ASEAN countries to block full membership for Burma .
Otherwise , this could have a direct bearing on the EU 's relations with ASEAN.
We should take heed of this request .
Today , many national leaders are queuing up to take the credit for the sanctions policy against South Africa , but they were by no means so full of confidence when the sanctions had to be applied .
Burma gives those leaders a chance to do the right thing once again .
We received Aung San Suu Kyi 's son and husband here in the European Parliament on her behalf , and we admire her for her courage , vision , love of her people and historical awareness .
She is asking us to introduce economic sanctions .
Let me explain the vile nature of the present regime in Burma .
It has introduced forced labour , so there is slavery .
It has imprisoned the leaders or placed them under house arrest .
How can the western world be content to respond to the despicable actions of the Burmese junta with diplomatic censure , when the regime is imprisoning those who represent us ?
James Nicols was the representative of Denmark and other European countries .
He was imprisoned because he had too many fax machines ; he was subjected to hardships , including long periods of interrogation , and was deprived of sleep.
He did not receive his medicine , and his burial was kept secret .
Any newspaper which is allowed to publish in Burma is approved by the junta , which is thus turning the knife in the wound it has tried to inflict on us through Mr Nicols ' death .
The world has never seen such long lists of human rights as in the constitutions of the former communist states .
Social rights were used as an excuse for suppressing political freedoms , and without political freedom , it was impossible to check whether social rights were being suppressed , so they were naturally suppressed too , with the result that people had neither one freedom nor the other .
Some of us quite seriously take the view that human rights in Europe are damaged by including everything possible from our domestic party programmes .
This report by Mrs De Esteban is much better .
It is shorter , and therefore more powerful .
I am pleased that it also addresses the question of trade union freedoms .
I also think it is necessary for us to have a separate clause on the need for the Member States to punish offences against children , even if these are committed in countries where they are not prohibited .
We in the Liberal Group will be voting against several paragraphs in the report .
We hope the Socialist Group will change its mind and not vote to include so many party political items in the report that we are obliged to vote against it at the end .
As Liberals , we are ardent supporters of human rights .
Where does privacy stand in the new information society ?
Does the individual have any opportunity of determining what data are entered in the system ?
And , conversely , who can check that the information which our children , for example , sit and lap up from the Internet should be made public in the first place ?
And that will only be the case when we concentrate specifically on looking after and educating both children and adults .
If it is the same people who can afford to surf in Barbados , then we have a problem .
The information society is therefore not for everyone , but only for the few .
We should simply stay in control of this development - it should not be in control of us