and its hypocrisy .
According to Amnesty International , on the day before her execution , this young woman had told her mother of her plans for the future , in the expectation that the huge campaign for her release would be successful .
In this regard , the comment made by the Secretary of Tire as Mãos de Caim , Sergio D'Elia , is extremely pertinent and highlights the most important point : the brutality of the Mullahs ' regime is not only the responsibility of the Iranian fundamentalist regime .
In essence , this attempt forms part of the manoeuvres conducted by those conspiring against the democratic and sovereign process of emancipation and social progress initiated a decade ago by the Venezuelan people and reaffirmed in 14 electoral processes .
There is also the other side of the coin , however , which you have not considered here , Commissioner .
I particularly welcome the importance granted to compliance with Community competition law , since some provisions in earlier bilateral agreements were clearly anti-competitive .
That is something I sincerely welcome .
The mobilisation of EUR 832 800 from the fund is aimed at reintegrating workers into the labour market by means of personal employment plans , drawn up together with the workers , which include personal skill development and strategies for entering the labour market .
I feel , however , that Portugal 's application was not ambitious enough .
As we all know , Portugal applied to the European Commission for this money in January this year , and it relates to 1 588 redundancies reported between February and November 2008 in 49 textile companies in the northern and central regions of the country .
The worsening economic climate that has harmed these regions , along with others - particularly the outermost regions such as Madeira , where tourism is very important - has had worrying consequences in terms of social cohesion , above all , because of the rise in unemployment .
I regret that Members from my own country cannot resist taking that path , which is as easy as it is inconsequential .
The current President of the Commission , who is standing for another term of office , symbolises one possible direction : the EU he represents is that of the interests of the major economic groups .
It is an EU of free , sovereign states with equal rights , which supports and promotes the protection of nature , peace and cooperation among peoples .
In practice , what he is proposing is to carry on with the same policy that prioritises free competition , militarism and the interests of economic and financial groups , particularly those of the most powerful countries , as was clear when he said we are the champions of globalisation .
The only thing that rose more than bank profits was unemployment .
I am hugely honoured and very moved by your confidence , and I take it with a great sense of responsibility .
Please also allow me on this occasion to say a few words to my own country , Portugal .
That is exactly what I have said I will do and that is exactly what I am going to do - a stronger Europe for freedom and solidarity .
New sources of growth and social cohesion are proposed , based on a new industrial strategy for Europe , a modern service sector and a dynamic rural economy .
I regret that Members from my own country could not resist taking that path , which is as easy as it is inconsequential .
Portugal is proud to have a Portuguese of such recognised ability and quality as Dr Barroso at the head of the Commission .
He was also at the forefront in the search for solutions and in concrete proposals to resolve the economic crisis that is still affecting us .
Keeping these same guidelines means perpetuating the concentration of wealth , maintaining divergence instead of convergence , and causing further damaging eruptions of a latent systemic crisis to occur sooner rather than later .
A strong , ambitious Commission Presidency is essential for Europe to regain its position as world leader by seeking a balance between economic and political goals on one hand and social and territorial cohesion on the other .
Unfortunately , conditions of extreme drought and forest fires in southern Europe have been growing both more frequent and more intense .
I call on the Presidency of the Council to make an urgent decision on the regulation for the new Solidarity Fund , in order to increase transparency and make its mobilisation more flexible in an emergency .
The European Union should repay this friendship and thus support the future of rural areas .
This inestimably valuable heritage must be protected and , while we certainly need to be prepared to respond to forest fires , I feel it is essential to balance the allocation of resources across fire prevention , detection and actual fire fighting .
What does that actually mean ?
Now the freedom of assembly is also at risk , because the Lithuanian Parliament , again , has more recently been discussing the possibility of banning events such as 'gay pride ' marches .
Vilnius is one of this year 's European capitals of culture , deservedly so , and certainly much to the delight of all Europeans .
The terrible situation the sector is facing requires swift , decisive action , or we risk seeing the ruin of many thousands of farmers throughout Europe .
Madam President , once again I can only regret the positions adopted by the Council and what has just been said here by the Commissioner , who persists in not getting to the bottom of the issue and not recognising the need to review the decisions reached on the dismantling of milk quotas