Vast numbers of people are still dying in der Gomel region .
Increased numbers of illegal immigrants have been intercepted at Vienna 's Schwechat airport , having travelled from Iraq and India and flown from Minsk .
The first , the ratification of the treaty on the International Criminal Court , initially appeared to be something of a problem but has been resolved by cooperation with the Chilean embassy in Brussels and by the government 's assurances .
If that is to be done , the main thing we will need is will , the will of the European institutions , but also the will of enterprises and organisations .
Today 's debate would not even have been necessary if we had got a grip on the complex issue of transport in good time , with a fixed tariff for infrastructure costs , and with the transport infrastructure costs directive that we are so keen to have ; it is even rumoured that the document actually exists , but nothing is known about it .
It is not , though , as an Austrian that I am disappointed by what we have in front of us , but as someone who has an especial concern for the environment .
We know all too well that an environmentally-focussed transport policy is one of the essential instruments for bringing about sustainable development in Europe .
I want to remind you of one thing , something previously approved by the Council and endorsed by the Commission , and that is the fact that this special arrangement for Austria applies just as much to those parts of the country that are not in the Alps and from which , indeed , the Alps are not even visible , parts that are quite simply flat .
That has to be weighed in the balance .
Only 11 % of HGV traffic in Austria is liable to ecopoints .
That amounts to an increase of 73 % .
My electoral district in the southern part of Baden-Württemberg borders on Austria , which is admittedly a very beautiful country , and , being well acquainted with haulage companies ' complaints about the incomprehensibility of the ecopoint system , I agree with my group that the prevailing system has to be changed , and changed in the following respects .
Let me also reiterate that there will be new programmes in the internal policy areas , the Schengen facility being one example .
Now for my second question .
It is not for us , at present , to consider whether another state is to be included in category 7.
I think that the White Paper gives European transport policy a great opportunity to draw the right conclusions from the ruthless analysis that it contains .
That is why I believe that you have a very considerable responsibility to avoid these mistakes with the new Member States and also to work with them to put in place , at an early date , a good and fair European transport policy .
Mr President , Madam Vice-President of the Commission , firstly my sincere thanks go to the Vice-President for the White Paper that she has written with her colleagues .
If you take a look at what we have achieved with the Essen projects , which we agreed together in 1996 , you will see that not even all 14 projects have been implemented , and we do not have enough money for them .
Secondly , there is a lot of movement in the European skies and this is now reflected in our legislation .
Like the majority of the Committee on Industry I too share the view that in principle public information should be made available for the benefit of all parties .
Go on , click on a website - the Council 's , say - go straight to where it says 'Access to documents ' and click .
What do we need ?
The state alone cannot create the jobs that Europe needs in order to really develop its productivity and also in order to become the region of the world best able to face the future .
We know from former Presidents of the Council that finding the courage to break with ritual is perhaps the hardest thing of all .
It is not , in my view , very helpful to tie oneself down to a new line .
Such a transport infrastructure costs directive will be a criterion against which our credibility and the much-invoked European transport policy can be judged .
We then come to the second chronological element , the Franco-German declaration at the celebrations of the Elysée Treaty .
Just imagine - and I will not use the word 'axis ' - that there were to be , as seems at present to be taking shape , something like two common positions , with Paris , Berlin and Moscow on the one side and London , Rome , Madrid and Washington on the other .
Where we will have difficulties , and where it is important that we be clear in our own minds , is with the maintenance of the UN 's primacy .
I believe that never has Europe been so united at the level of its peoples as it is today in rejecting this war in Iraq .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , what happens next week will surely not be about playing Europe off against America , but about countering the Bush Doctrine with an unambiguous European position .
We do not !
I cannot do other than endorse the rapporteur 's constitutional thinking on the subject of asylum and immigration policy .
As well as that , though , the Schengen Agreement and its associated information system have to be brought within the Community sphere .
I would very much like to know how , and