empire 's nuclear testing programme which impacted not just severely but hugely on their country .
They had 607 nuclear explosions in the atmosphere between 1949 and 1990 .
This has left part of their country completely devastated and I hope Parliament will give them a sympathetic hearing in the seminar they are holding here this afternoon .
They have a huge problem in raising world awareness of this former Soviet problem .
We shall also be discussing the problems of the submarine that sank , another part of the nuclear legacy that has been left by the Soviet Union .
.
Madam President , I oppose referral back to committee .
I note that nobody from Mr Gollnisch 's group at any point in the committee raised any questions about the definition of regroupment , or of family , or of control .
This matter has been debated fully in committee and debated here in plenary this morning .
I see no reason not to proceed to a vote .
I owe you an apology , Madam President , because I suspect you do not have in front of you the view of the rapporteur on all of the different amendments .
If that is the case I would very happily , before the vote , explain to the House my position on the amendments put forward by the committee .
But as for the amendments put forward for plenary , because they have been the subject of last minute debate , I will leave all of those to the wisdom of the House .
Madam President , I would like to ask the Commissioner if he would advise us which of the amendments which have been adopted this morning he will accept before the final vote on the legislative resolution .
Madam President , I would like to explain the votes on behalf of the ELDR Group .
Our overriding objective was to get this very important report through as the first report communitarising European Community immigration laws and as a matter of justice to third-country nationals .
We have therefore shown solidarity with other like-minded groups and Members .
We supported the Socialist Group amendments to remove beneficiaries of subsidiary protection in the light of the Commissioner 's pledge to bring forward a proposal covering them as well as beneficiaries of temporary protection .
We would have preferred beneficiaries of subsidiary protection to stay in as a matter of principle , because they are long-term legal residents , but we decided to assist the passage of the report .
Similarly , we abstained on matters concerning ascending relatives , because , wherever possible , we wish to remove objections so as to secure a clear majority for the report and recognise that the inclusion of such relatives raises particular problems for some Members .
Some of us in my group , however , would have liked us to express a more generous stance .
Mrs Malmström and Mrs van der Laan have asked me specifically to mention them in this connection .
My group has deliberately voted to include unmarried partners if the Member State concerned legally recognises such partnerships , as I think three currently do .
We think it to be only justice not to interfere with a domestic decision on legal recognition of such partnerships .
I speak on behalf of myself and my 28 colleagues from the British Labour Party .
We have been pleased to vote and to support this report even though , for a variety of reasons , the United Kingdom Government has exercised its right to opt out of this initiative .
As members will be aware , the UK Government was party to the conclusions of the Tampere European Council .
There are , however , various practical points and issues regarding sovereignty which the UK takes very seriously and which means it is not appropriate or possible for the United Kingdom to be included at this time .
However this does not lessen the commitment of our Government to the principles of the report and the underlying values inherent therein .
Indeed it is the government 's stated intention that the UK should not be seriously out of line with our European partners in this important area of immigration policy .
Labour MEPs have therefore voted in favour of this report and remain supporters of the principles of family reunification .
Mr President , on behalf of my group and all my colleagues I would like to welcome Mr Monti to the House today for what is a very timely discussion on the regulatory regime for telecom , bearing in mind that we are now moving into the very important consideration of the telecom package .
I want to briefly pick up on some of the crucial points that he made .
It is quite clear to all of us that the whole world of electronic communications is presenting us with a regulatory challenge , but it is clearly presenting you , Commissioner , and the competition authority with unprecedented challenges , given the speed with which technology is advancing .
Many of the ideas related to market share are also changing very rapidly .
In the telecom field , it is clear that market share can change hands much more quickly than in some of the major industries that have been regulated in the past .
I was delighted that your approach is to try and avoid putting a brake on innovation by excessively firm controls .
That is extremely important .
I would like your assurance that you will be developing the expert capability to what is undoubtedly going to be an increasing workload in looking at future mergers .
We understand from the Peers Group report that you are going to be awarded an extra 92 posts .
It will be interesting to hear how you envisage your service developing in this direction .
