reports .     Madam President , the EU is undoubtedly in crisis .
The crisis was of course exacerbated by the ‘budget fiasco’ but , in many ways , it is better to have no budget at all than a bad one .
In that context , the President-in-Office of the Council deserves all credit , partly for his candid speech and partly for his attempt to reconcile desires that are very much at odds with each other .
We must combat cross-border crime .
I am concerned , however , about enlargement , which is passed over almost in silence in the conclusions from the Council meeting .
The European home , which does not at the moment perhaps feel so warm and cosy , must be open to our neighbouring countries when they fulfil the necessary requirements .
There is perhaps more need than ever to take a few weeks ’ rest , to pause for reflection and to reflect upon how we are to move on .
We must now state that the draft Constitution has come to nothing according to the EU’s own rules .
Three different issues must not then be mixed up , as has now happened .
Rather , it is just a matter of simple editing .
Instead , these are issues for the people of Europe to debate in the future .
We must begin again from the beginning , show respect for the people’s decision and then review that decision from a democratic point of view with democratically elected people in the form of a Convention .     Mr President , Council , Commissioner Wallström , ladies and gentlemen , when you took over the Presidency in Luxembourg , you had to deal with a natural disaster in the form of the tsunami .
Thank you for all you have achieved .
Rather , what has emerged from the referenda is that people want the EU to do more of the right things and the Council to concentrate on the right things , a state of affairs that would be better for the future .
Let us not therefore wear sackcloth and ashes , be issued with yellow cards or be depressed .
That is difficult for us politicians , but it would mean that we should emerge strengthened from this period of reflection .
The national salaries paid to Members of the European Parliament are adjusted in accordance with the actual salaries and costs that prevail in the respective Member States .
One consequence of a common Statute for Members of the European Parliament might , for example , be that one country ’s MEPs received salaries several times higher than those of their own country ’s Head of State or Government .
The travel expenses system can be reformed without a common Members ’ Statute being adopted .
Such expressions are antiquated in a democratic EU.     .
Criminals , drug traffickers and human traffickers who import women and children for the purposes of prostitution will have fewer opportunities to move freely across borders , while other people , despite their foreign appearance , can now feel welcome .
That is the first step .
For me , this is an argument for positively accepting continued enlargement and not an argument for trying now to close Europe’s borders .
One of the most important tasks for the new leadership in Europe will be that of firmly establishing and developing the view of how Europe can bring about increased security and greater prosperity by embracing those countries for which enlargement is now in the offing .
It is not a question , as is sometimes said , of a conflict between the old and the new Europe or between a free-trade Europe and political union .
It requires openness towards the new Member States .
I share his view that the EU needs to become more active in the world .
That too needs to be changed .
It is true that he was involved in introducing the Social Chapter , as well as the employment strategy and the active labour market policy in EU cooperation .
We also need a working time directive that takes account of precisely what you just said about being able to combine family life and working life so that the one party does not work him - or herself to death and so that we do not compete on the basis of long working hours .
There are some doubtful features , but it overwhelmingly constitutes an improvement on current rules applicable to , for example , travel expenses , taxes and pensions .
Quite a few constructive amendments were tabled before the vote , demanding , for example , a common statute for MEPs’ assistants and the opportunity for those MEPs who wish to do so to receive back only their actual expenses from as early as 2007 .
Any change to the compromise would jeopardise the unity in the Council and , thus , the possibility of being able to agree at all on the Members ’ Statute .     .
It is up to each Member State to decide what salary is to be paid to its parliamentarians .
Instead , salaries should be more or less the same as those paid in those countries to people in corresponding positions .
The present system of travel expenses , which takes no account of actual costs and is based on standard payments , is , in our view , quite unfair .
We have voted against the proposal for a common Members ’ Statute .     I am voting against Mr Gargani’s report because the proposed Statute would involve unacceptable salary increases , unduly generous pensions and an unduly long transitional period of two terms of office .
The Left Party is in favour of proposals finally having been made to do away with the standard reimbursement of MEPs’ travel expenses