of Europe 's peoples , and facilitate the access of European citizens to it , particularly by assisting literary translation which provides an important means of access for minor cultures to united Europe .
The common position does indeed incorporate many of the amendments proposed by Parliament at first reading .
As for the less-widely used languages , we reiterate the fundamental position that these must be supported in every way and all attempts to marginalize or eliminate them must be frustrated , such attempts being quite overt granted that related dangers are also evident in the rationale of high-speed networks .
I recall specifically the frameworks of the MEDIA II and INFO 2000 programmes .
For that reason , the ARIANE programme is very important indeed for the European Union .
The ARIANE programme , ambitious from its outset and rightly so , has been more drastically cut in both duration and budget than any of those who inspired it could have foreseen .
Unless our peoples draw together and communicate , no single currency will unite them .
I remind you that in Parliament 's resolution concerning the IGC , we explicitly called for the inclusion of an order for tourism .
The Council 's commitment on trans-European networks via the interinstitutional agreement is politically very important and must not be undermined and overthrown by the European Parliament itself by subtracting sums to cover gaps in the budget or to build up reserves .
A budget that goes hand in hand with the drastic cuts imposed in the Member States as they approach the critical decision on accession to the third phase of EMU.
Mr President , I also want to point out that a positive element of all this is the transfer to reserves of the finance earmarked for Turkey in the context of Customs Union .
However , it is our duty to contribute in every way towards addressing the major social problems faced by Europe 's citizens .
The sector of structural activity contributes towards modernization , the reduction of inequalities and the creation of jobs .
Finally , we support the freezing of all credits concerning Turkey under the finance regulation and MEDA , on the grounds of that country 's behaviour in the context of human rights and its aggressiveness towards Greece and Cyprus .
However , I want to make the point that whatever action is taken cannot begin and end within the ambit of the European Union 's Member States alone .
Now , so far as the tourism industry is concerned , it is clearly conscious of how badly its image could be damaged if this phenomenon of sex tourism from Europe , with child victims , is allowed to continue .
That document also describes four initiatives currently being prepared and which concern the movement of women and girls for sex exploitation purposes , and sex tourism with child victims by means of the provision of audiovisual services , in particular via the Internet .
I thank Mr Lannoye for his comments , but would like to point out that as mentioned in the Commission 's recent statement to the Council and the European Parliament concerning the safe transport of radioactive materials in the European Union , it emerges from an analysis of accidents and incidents in the transport sector that very few accidents result in appreciable exposure to radiation .
I also want to remind you that line B4-1020 of the budget for radioactive materials transport allows the Commission to finance studies , research , measurements or experimental programmes that aim to assess and further improve existing international regulations .
However , those results are probably due to the stringent and consistent regulations that have been strictly enforced for several decades and whose adequacy and implementation is monitored and , as I said earlier , adapted to contemporary circumstances by special teams of experts .
I will mention the example of Denmark , which prohibits the transport of more than certain quantities of fissionable radioactive materials by aircraft overflying its territory , and the transport of such materials in certain types of containers , unless a relevant permit has been obtained from its national Civil Aviation Service .
She is right that type-B containers do indeed exist .
From free-fall tests carried out on actually existing surfaces , it has been confirmed that the quantity of deformation energy is equal to that absorbed by the container during reference tests when the free-fall height is much greater than 9 m , i .e . when the impact velocity is larger .
So far , it has not been possible for the European Union to impose a uniform policy of its own .
We must adopt as many measures as possible , we must promote our technology , we must be careful , and we must study the facts .
Beyond that , however , the Commission cannot override the Member States at a political level , because it is the Member States that participate in the international organizations and that adopt their own measures applicable to their own domain , and it is also the Member States that are responsible for collective decisions within the framework of the international organizations .
In any case , I reiterate yet again that precisely because we share your concern and recognize the likelihood that such dangers may exist - though we hope no such thing will happen -, we cannot be complacent .
Mr President-in-Office , it is not just that about one-seventh of the European Union 's population is afflicted by poverty .
I fear that it is not .
I hope that your country , and I wish the same to you too Mr Flynn , that Dublin will become the place where institutional reviews are brought in that result in the creation of a new legal base for a social policy to fight poverty .
