to offer quality and opportunities for progression to all citizens , whatever their origin .
I hope that the vote in this House today will be further proof of that .
It forms an excellent working basis and encompasses much of what we have already proposed in this House .
We welcome the Commission 's rapid initiative , but we are aware , and must be clear , that the means and tools for action are clearly inadequate .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I believe that at this point in time , the message from Parliament can be broken down into a series of very clear and very precise messages , but with one common idea , which is : that we need people , jobs and national resources , but also European resources , in order to restore , as the people expect , dynamism , growth and solidarity in the European space .
What will Parliament therefore ask of the Commission ?
The European Union is about competition , but it is also about cohesion and solidarity .
It is not the 'crisis' , but the policies inherent in capitalism which are at the root of unemployment , insecurity , low wages , worsening living conditions , poverty , disease , hunger and the growing difficulties faced by workers and the general population .
However , the EUR 11.8 million allocated will be deducted from the budget line for the European Regional Development Fund ( Convergence objective ) .
Its most dramatic sign is the high level of unemployment .
We must act quickly because , if nothing is done in this respect , the financing problems being faced by those countries with the largest deficits in the eurozone will lead to the deepening of the recession , a continual rise in unemployment and the loss of income for companies and families .
We cannot accept this discrimination .
As a result , what was needed was a break with these policies .
A distinction must be made between the exceptional nature of the current circumstances and the policies that should be pursued in order to promote European development and competitiveness in the long term .
Given the current financial and economic crisis , reaching a new agreement in Copenhagen on combating climate change is fundamental .
We therefore disagree with the economics-based approach , which clearly influences various points of the resolution .
For that matter , on this point it should be added that , if this report solves little in concrete terms , that is because the European Parliament has little ability to do so .
The main problem created by this crisis is the rise in unemployment , a situation which can only be reversed by increasing investment .
The solidity and solidarity of the European project may be at stake and we must therefore act in a coordinated manner and respect the rules of the internal market , without allowing any protectionism .
We accept that this system can only enter into operation once it is robust and can operate fully 24 hours a day .
I should like to express my doubts about the ability of the contracted company to solve , in such a short period of time , all these issues which have not been solved previously during a much longer period of time .
Madam President , Commissioner , I would repeat the words spoken in this House several years ago , on 13 March 2006 , by Eija-Riitta Korhola .
We are now facing a serious crisis in basic sanitation that involves us all .
What does it tell us ?
I welcome the reports that the Commissioner has made to us in this House .
Despite current events clearly showing that the neoliberal Lisbon Strategy is one of the instruments responsible for the worsening economic and social situation in the European Union , the report insists on its application , with which we disagree .
The approach taken by the Group of the European People 's Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats of rejecting various proposals in this report in order to get its alternative proposal accepted , which we reject , is regrettable .
We support the coupling of agricultural aid to production , allowing the agri-foodstuffs production of countries such as Portugal to grow and , in general , allowing its primary sector to modernise .
Not even water can escape the privatising and liberalising zeal of the majority of the European Parliament .
We also do not agree with agriculture being held responsible , with agro-industry and small farmers being treated equally so that the latter suffer from high water prices .
As was said in this House in September 2007 , Brazil is a country whose 200 million inhabitants speak one of the most common European languages in the world , Portuguese , and whose historical , civilising and cultural traditions have a close relationship with European traditions .
Finally , I must say that I am somewhat curious about the future scope to be given to the cooperation protocols on education and culture .
Regardless of their past , we express our solidarity with their families and with the people of Guinea-Bissau and we regret and strongly condemn these attacks .
The guilty parties must be brought to justice and we have to provide all the assistance that is needed .
When the political situation in Guinea-Bissau is analysed , we should not forget that the people of this young African country were the victims of Portuguese colonialism , against which they in fact fought a very courageous struggle .
The Commission Communication entitled ' Multilingualism : an asset for Europe and a shared commitment ' follows on from an already long series of documents produced by Parliament , the Commission , the Council , the Committee of the Regions and the European Economic and Social Committee , in which the issue of multilingualism is tackled from various angles