Mr President , in the final version , the term ' Bioethics Convention ' has been replaced by ' Convention on Human Rights and Biomedicine ' .
Having said that , we are broadly in favour of the draft convention for the protection of human rights and dignity of the human being with regard to the application of biology and medicine .
Further , the protection of the dignity and rights of individuals is of absolute priority as compared with any social or third-party interest , and the results of human genome research work must be freely available .
No, this is merely an opinion offered by the European Parliament to the Council of Europe , which is drawing up a convention on bioethics .
In the meantime , what purpose will this resolution have served ?
The answer is no .
I think that the Pelttari report merits a good deal of attention : in a very responsible and capable way , it outlines the arguments for life and the need to protect the embryo ; for my part , I shall vote in favour of it as it stands .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I am speaking in my personal capacity , but reflecting on a very intense discussion of this report within the delegation of the Partito Democratico della Sinistra to the Socialist Group .
I must confess that I feel a deep sense of unease .
I believe that full freedom of conscience should be allowed in the vote on the report which is before us , bearing in mind - as far as the so-called statute of the embryo is concerned - that nothing can be done while some claim that embryos are mere clusters of cells , to be produced and used at will , and others recognize them to all intents and purposes as persons , with a statute and rights equal in all respects to those of fully-formed individuals .
And , secondly , are they adequate , yes or no ?
Mr President , after so much reluctance on the part of so many Members , the Nordmann and Ford reports , determining rules of conduct and further improving the work and the role of MEPs , have finally reached the plenary .
I fully subscribe to my group 's recommendation to express a favourable opinion by roll-call vote .
Even though , according to some , the American example should not necessarily be followed - if it were , we would have to concern ourselves more with installing the infrastructure and less with applications - I am nonetheless inclined to believe that the success of the Internet is based to a large extent on the investment by the Department of Defense in the DARPA network , just as - by analogy - the Global Positioning System , or GPS , is an offshoot of the 'Star Wars ' programme , the SDI.
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , it is simply out of a sense of responsibility that I am voting for the common project .
After much shilly-shallying by the European Parliament and Council , we have before us the outcome of conciliation .
The two lines added concerning protection of the environment , which are , in any case , inadequate , do nothing to change our negative opinion of this document .
Those two documents called for information on the alarming news concerning cases of bovine spongiform encephalitis .
Having shrugged off the responsibilities of their predecessors , these two have still not provided sufficient guarantees concerning unequivocal clarification and the punishment of those responsible .
Harmonization of the individual Member States ' foreign policies is undoubtedly a laudable expression of good will , but , when it comes to major issues , it comes to a grinding halt , blocked by the disparate interests of the individual Member States .
Mr President , two of the four main priorities the Irish presidency of the European Union has set for this six-month period concern economic issues : efficient finance and employment .
It is not simply a question of size ; it is not simply that small and medium-sized enterprises have greater employment potential than large industrial undertakings , which are replacing workers with machines ; it is also a sectoral issue , a question of directing more effort to sectors that offer major opportunities .
Mr President , the question raised by Mrs Banotti and Mr Green and the associated resolution raise a specific human and legal problem that is of major concern , and I should therefore like to thank them for raising this question .
The subject is the protection of children of mixed marriages so as to prevent their abduction and protect the rights of their parents in the event of divorce .
The second objective is that this legal area should also constitute a Community legal instrument - the draft agreement that we have discussed here today , which the President of Council mentioned before - that makes these proceedings both easier and more secure .
One example , that I should like to mention , is that of 'telefono azzurro ' , a spontaneous Italian initiative run by specialists and volunteers , who , with the help of private donations , have set up a free telephone helpline for all children and young people .
It would be a crime , sheer suicide , to neglect our children .
As a recent European Parliament report showed , poverty in Europe is on the increase , and worryingly so , and it is the weakest social groups , and especially women and children , who are the first to suffer the consequences .
Mr President , I , too , should like to thank the rapporteur for his report and make a comment on the general budget , focusing on the specific aspect of social dialogue , to which