competitors , on the other hand , is playing a negative role .
The establishment of more effective rules of origin is important in terms of the application of tariff quotas within the framework of the generalised tariff preferences and regional agreements .
We are being called upon to shape a new framework of cooperative relations between the agencies that implement industrial and regional policy and commitments and to effectively support European undertakings , especially small and medium-sized enterprises , so that they can maintain and further improve their competitive specialisation .
On behalf of the Committee on Foreign Affairs , I shall give you the headlines of some of the basic proposals which we put to Mrs Laperrouze .
Thirdly , we need a new generation of binding energy interdependence clauses .
I should like to mention the South Stream pipeline , the TGI ( Turkey-Greece-Italy ) pipeline , the Nabucco pipeline and I must , of course , mention the Caspian region , as we debate it on many occasions .
Firstly , we have managed to obtain provision for the mandatory payment of remuneration outstanding to illegal immigrants who are deported .
However , there is still a dangerous mismatch between the continuing police approach to illegal immigration and the reality in numerous Member States .
Finally , the absolutely necessary fight against the black labour market obviously does not only concern illegal immigrants ; it mainly concerns legal immigrants , it concerns millions of European citizens whose employment rights are trampled underfoot by their employers on a daily basis , it concerns the fact that employment laws are being trampled underfoot , without any material control or material sanctions .
I voted in favour of the Angelilli report on combating the sexual exploitation of children and child pornography , because it demands compliance , which should go without saying , by all the Member States with current international law and a review of the Council 's framework decision , in order to improve the protection of children at European Level .
The report does not reflect the true extent of the miserable conditions experienced by refugees and immigrants in the reception and detention centres in the Member States of the EU.
The European Parliament 's 'crocodile tears ' cannot acquit the EU of its inhumane , exploitative policy .
Countries , such as Greece , which lie on the external borders of the EU , should take advantage of the potential assistance offered by the EU and , on the basis of respect for the rights of refugees and asylum seekers , try to secure humane conditions of reception for them .
The aim of establishing and developing the repressive EULEX police/judicial force in Kosovo and the reforms which it is promoting , such as privatisations and so on , is to impose EU interests and speed up its incorporation into Euro-unifying structures .
With the European Parliament resolution on humanitarian aid to Gaza , the EU is endeavouring , driven by the principle of treating the slaughtering Israelis on equal terms with the resisting Palestinians , to conceal its huge responsibility for the slaughter of the Palestinian people during the murderous Israeli invasion of the Gaza Strip which resulted in over 1 300 dead , the majority of whom were children , women and the elderly , and over 5 000 injured .
It is the foundation of an independent and sovereign Palestinian state with its capital in East Jerusalem , in keeping with the UN resolutions on the 1967 borders , and undivided solidarity from other peoples in its struggle .
Mr President , the neighbourhood and partnership instrument needs to be revised so as to secure simpler procedures and , at the same time , improve transparency .
However , criteria and approaches specific to each country need to be defined , depending on its political priorities in terms of human rights , democracy , the rule of law , minority rights and so forth .
The Barcelona process should be supplemented by the European neighbourhood policy and the objectives must be clearly defined .
The support being given by the European Union to this regional cooperation must target the production of tangible results in certain priority sectors such as energy , transport , immigration and the fight against organised crime .
Depression is one of the most common disorders and , by 2020 , will be the most common illness in the developed world .
We will therefore all agree that there is a need to take a concerted approach to the challenges posed by mental health and that it concerns us all .
In the report , we stress the need to provide high-quality , accessible , effective and universal mental health services and up-to-date legislation .
We call for the Member States to empower organisations which represent people with mental health problems .
At the same time , we are formulating proposals within the framework of the five priority areas of the Pact .
One important weakness in the first energy efficiency national action plans , over and above the huge delay in submitting them on the part of certain Member States , including Greece , is the fact that the ambitious plans are not accompanied by clearly defined practical proposals with added value , despite the fact that , according to recent figures released by the European Commission , if the target of achieving energy savings of 20 % were achieved , the EU would use approximately 400 Mtoe less primary energy and CO2 emissions would fall by 860 Mt .
Applied research relating to the common fisheries policy ( short presentation ) Madam President , I am delighted that we are debating today the proposal to reform the directive on industrial emissions and I would like to specifically thank the rapporteur , Mr Krahmer , and the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Food Safety for their excellent work on this dossier