ECHO .
This is another reason to deplore the demagogy used when claims have been made that the PPE Group and the Greens have taken the starving children of the Great Lakes , the women of Sudan or the widows of Bosnia hostage .
It is precisely we southerners who need to see the end of fraud and corruption , because when the last euro gets to its destination we will no longer find that talking about the new financial perspective means talking about cuts in the Structural Funds and the Cohesion Fund .
Moving on to the substance , I have two roles to fulfill : one as rapporteur for the Interinstitutional Agreement and the financial perspective , and the other as a representative of the Socialist Group .
They were agreements on major decisions that allowed the harmonious development of the principal European Union policies to take place in peace and serenity at important times of change , such as the single market , the single currency , etcetera .
The answer is basic and we have already stated it several times : political power .
After Edinburgh , the British Presidency thought it had completed the negotiations but the Agreement was signed by the Belgian Presidency a year later .
So do not accuse us of that , representatives of the Council .
Its aim is undoubtably laudable , but it lacks any legal basis and contravenes the agreement on legal bases that we signed on 17 July last .
Obviously I do not share that view .
First , I want to support the proposals we made in the Committee on Budgets and also highlight all references to anti-personnel mine deactivation programmes as far as possible .
At the same time , I want to congratulate the rapporteur on her formula for resolving the financing in favour of minority languages .
If these negotiations were to prove fruitless in the end , we would find ourselves faced with an Article 203 under the worst conditions for us .
But , of course , from a budgetary point of view , the strategy is consistent with the interinstitutional negotiations that are still to be concluded .
I am aware of how difficult it is to reconcile politics and various interests , as well as of the need to set priorities in a budget because , in the end , that is making politics .
This investment is no doubt helping to boost our economic fabric with positive results because the whole of society is making an effort .
ECU 4 million is inadequate from any angle , but maintaining it against the Council 's intention to cut it is a step towards consolidating a stable programme of support for these languages at European level .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , first I want to congratulate Mrs Spaak on her work .
In fact , the challenges we have to face in each of these fields are well-known and the responsibility we all have is to see how we can put the citizen at the centre of our concerns , how issues as important as growth and employment can be renewed and how the European Union can prepare for enlargement , in both financial and institutional terms .
All the same , my disappointment was probably most intense at that first moment and the passage of time has made me see things more calmly and see the more positive side of the Treaty .
There must be balance with 25 .
And that was an anomaly ; it was outrageous .
Furthermore , the reform of the CFSP instruments will mean - and we hope this happens - that the Union can express itself on the international scene with a single voice .
However , there was not enough time to resolve them at Amsterdam , and that is why so many important issues are outstanding , such as an increase in qualified majority voting , the weighting of votes in the Council , or the number of Commissioners .
It is therefore obviously necessary for each institution to carry out its work and play its part in accordance with the Treaty , and to seek what we have called for on so many occasions , namely , effective and democratic solutions for the future .
Mr Hager referred earlier to a document he had asked the Commission for and the fact that no-one had bothered to reply .
Our group believes that the institutions of the European Union should focus their efforts on three main aims : to create a social model , to make progress towards institutional reform with a view to political union , and to strengthen internal solidarity , extending it to the countries included in enlargement .
The European Union must strengthen its role in the world with a common foreign and security policy capable of promoting its own position and of ensuring peace and respect for human rights in Europe and in every continent .
For that reason , we could not support the document on options for the own resources system presented by the Commission recently .
Gothic cathedrals were the work of many generations .
The euro came about for other reasons but , thanks to the euro , our stock exchanges and our currencies remain unaffected .
Well , there is one very simplistic solution .
What we should be doing is pressing ahead with our great project , so that we can build a real home for the whole of Europe .
To use a phrase of Madariaga 's , it is more than coal and steel .
There will be no operational conclusions , as it is an informal summit .
True myths respect reality and yet are not content with it , they do not bring violence to bear on the present situation , but are not satisfied with it and aim higher , grafting our hopes and aspirations onto the present .
