We are therefore a good way through the Nice timetable .
And to mix up policy reforms with enlargement is another mistake .
If someone says that they are not in favour of a six-month presidency or of a presidency of three , four or five years , they must say what they are in favour of , because the European Councils must be presided over in some way : six months , one year or two years , but the European presidencies must be organised in some way .
Countries that had already reached a balanced fiscal position have been able to use automatic stabilisers to absorb the effects of reduced growth .
This figure should , however , be used with caution .
It leaves me speechless , however , to hear things like genes entering the environment .
Mr President , I know that I am exceeding my time limit , but please allow me a little flexibility , as no other Members from my Group are going to speak .
My question , Commissioner , would be , given this concern for sustainability , would you accept my invitation and that of my Group to visit Andalusian fishing ports , to come fishing with us for a couple of days , to see the problems of sustainability , the social and economic problems and the alternatives ?
I would like to ask the Commissioner something very simple , which might have more to do with the questions asked earlier .
I can provide you with the number of women working in the tobacco sector in Granada , but it is surprising that , when the level of cultivation in Europe is so high , you , as European Commissioner for this sector , do not know the number of women - which is what I was asking you - or the number of young farmers .
Madam President , I , like other Members , would like to thank Mr Trakatellis for his perseverance .
It is subject to subsidiarity and , as an amendment by my Group recognises , its aim is for all the Member States of the Union to have the same policy , in other words for all the States to have the same law on a matter that is subject to subsidiarity but which , above all , depends upon the beliefs , traditions and patrimony of each State .
Otherwise I , like the rest of my Group , will have to vote against the report .
The report also exposes the hypocrisy of failing to provide sufficient sex education and then refusing the possibility of abortion .
The Van Lancker report is balanced and the rapporteur has been flexible and generous with the right-wing groups in negotiating amendments , yet the representatives of the Left do not want to know .
I hope that the Danish Presidency will act with neutrality , as was the case last time Denmark held the Presidency .
But in any event , I would accept that you have a Herculean task , because - Parliament has said this about previous enlargements - we cannot make a leap of this type without reconsidering things .
I wish you lots of luck , but you have a very difficult job .
We are very concerned because your government is pursuing a policy on asylum which has been criticised by the United Nations High Commission for Refugees .
Finally - and I will end here , Mr President - aware that the Convention we are preparing is a challenge for next year , I would like to know what you think : are you in favour of the Community method or the cabinet-based method ?
Mr President , it is not a point of order , it is a reminder .
There are therefore great hopes in this summit and above all the European Union has an enormous responsibility .
I agree with the rest of the measures highlighted in the resolution , in particular the considerations of the Community budget and the EDF , greater coordination between bilateral and multilateral donors , the importance of microcredits and of the creation of an alliance against hunger and poverty .
The good news is that 76 States have ratified the Statute , but the bad news is this intolerable and intolerant attitude of the United States to the international system of justice which is aimed at putting an end to impunity .
I am sure that when it comes into operation some people will be reassured .
In the end there were some sixty amendments .
Under Mr Marinho there was a hearing with the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market and there was a first stage and a second one with amendments .
Certain information obligations were established and also the opportunity for the purchaser to change their mind within a period of ten days , with the sum paid being refunded .
On the one hand , I believe it is a clearly Community field , in that it involves property sold in one country to Community citizens and with responsibilities which may arise at a later date , and , on the other hand , it is - as I said earlier - a question of private law which would not normally be considered a Community matter .
And there are also some unnecessary repetitions in paragraphs 6 and 7.
I do not know if you are aware , for example , that for a week they have not been provided with any kind of food and that 48 hours ago two of them have had to be taken to the Malabo hospital urgently with serious pains .
As draftsman of the committee 's opinion , I was determined to understand the views of entrepreneurs , unions , economic and social agents , technical and legal advisors and academics .
This is a very positive