.
The role of the Commission of the European Communities is to be the Community executive , and the role of Parliament is to support and strengthen the claims of the Commission to be an authentic Community executive .
Four , the application of the whole range of human rights in political , social , economic and cultural terms to all people , including , of course , immigrants .
, draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market .
With regard to immigration we cannot talk of subsidiarity .
It has also achieved this - I would like to stress - in accordance with the agreements and mandates reached at the European Council in Tampere .
Parliament will try to prove equal to events , and , despite the fact that on occasions events make things difficult for us , we are going to try , and this is something that has never been done by the PPE-DE Group with regard to asylum , to give strong support to this Commission communication and we hope in exchange , Mr President , that the European Council at Laeken will be able to once again initiate a dynamic and robust policy that will allow us to tackle this much needed common immigration policy .
This problem can only be resolved by close cooperation and collaboration with the countries of origin , otherwise , any policy in this field will be condemned to failure .
It is not the same .
Mr Evans concludes that the concept of safe countries needs to be defined unequivocally .
Our aim is to improve the management of migratory movements within the framework of close cooperation with countries of origin and of transit , strengthening the fight against illegal immigration and combating the criminal networks involved , guaranteeing , at the same time , the rights of victims .
This seems a very irresponsible attitude to me , a time-bomb threatening peaceful coexistence , and I would like to remind you all that many a terrorist with white skin has been born to the world from our own European continent .
There are some aspects of the report that we do not agree with , such as that referring to the defence industry , but , generally speaking , this effort to achieve transparency and for the EU to play a crucial , I would say leading , role in the process of world disarmament and also in achieving peace is positive , and , for this reason , we think that it is a good report .
Even the President of Pakistan - a country where over the last few days there have been huge demonstrations of support for the Taliban regime - has unambiguously stated that the days of the regime are numbered .
Lastly , Madam President , the European Union should give its support to an enormous humanitarian task .
Madam President , I am very much in agreement with the majority of what has been said on this matter and I shall , therefore , not repeat what other speakers have said .
It is true , Madam President , that the European Union and this Parliament now have to form a strong coalition against terrorism .
These must be measures that can be adopted and upheld in the short , medium and long term .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , in its meeting today , the College of Commissioners adopted a proposed review of the trans-European transport networks , as well as the review of the Financial Regulation , which allows for a doubling of the Community funding in these projects , up to a level of 20 % of those projects .
Second , the high speed train , East-west combined transport , from Paris to Vienna , which will later be extended to Budapest and will complete our network by opening the door to enlargement .
Geographically , they involve the whole of our territory and they will have a decisive impact on the competitiveness of our economy .
Of course , I will answer any question which you may ask me on this subject .
This is a fundamental issue .
There is no doubt that the 2004 review , when the new countries of the Union will also be integrated , will stress this East-west component even more , without forgetting the North-south , which must always be maintained , in any event .
However , I would like to stress the importance I attach to moving from 10 % to 20 % in the projects .
Thirdly , we have still not been able to digest the projects which you have just mentioned to us , but I would like to ask you a question with no ill intention , but simply so that we may know your initial opinion : do you think that your proposal tackles the problems of the peripheral regions and is therefore of a cohesive nature ?
It does not mean that 10 % or 20 % will be granted .
In particular , we have to solve the problem of bottlenecks .
Mrs Langenhagen , we are going to hold a debate in relation to GALILEO.
Mr Savary , I fully share your concern about the Pyrenees .
Apart from that , in any event , one of the Essen projects is still under way , which included the Basque ' Y ' , which also involves a European gauge link via that entrance to the Iberian Peninsula .
It is calculated that last year four or five thousand people drowned trying to cross the stretch which separates Morocco from Spain .
But it is also a problem for Morocco , because Morocco is today a transit country in which there are many sub-Saharan illegal immigrants , with very harmful social consequences for Morocco