to what extent , you envisage acting upon these proposals .
I am quite convinced that the Greek Presidency of the Council will read everything .
But , Mr von Boetticher and Mr Pirker , being made of the stuff you are , I am sure you will manage that .
Work is progressing at present on preparations for the next conference on the revision of the Ottawa Convention , which is to be held this September in Bangkok , by which time I very much hope that those European states that have not yet ratified the Ottawa Convention will have made good their omission .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I too would like to thank Mrs Redondo Jiménez for this report .
In my homeland , Commissioner , young farmers no longer have any interest in woodlands or in forestry .
Let me remind you , Commissioner , of how Mr Schmid of the Group of the Party of European Socialists proposed - all of two years ago - the establishment in Africa of a factory to manufacture condoms , enabling these to be made available there at low prices .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , this is the third time in the space of the last few days that we find ourselves discussing the significance of the internal market .
There is much for us to do , and , although we see from the balance sheet that we are on the right road , we must not slow down or come to a halt ; instead , we have to discover a new dynamism .
I hope that society 's attitude gradually changes in this regard and that people become more willing to show greater commitment here , because that is what is required if we are to be successful in combating this scourge .
Doctors and nurses - both male and female - have a particular responsibility here to provide patients with objective , complete and scientifically up-to-date information in writing about all the details of their implants , such as the identification number , volume and type .
Where breast abnormalities and surgical beauty treatments are concerned , the options available must also be explained and safety guaranteed .
The scientific research carried out over the last few years has yielded some decisive findings in this field .
In the light of the many complications that can arise after breast implant operations - which were brought to our attention not least by the petitions sent in by thousands of women in 1998 - I think it is quite frankly scandalous and completely incomprehensible that so far only one Member State has introduced a national implant register .
As I said , I would therefore appeal for the European Parliament 's offer to act as a mediator to be accepted .
But as I see it the only way out seems to be for the people to decide , and no one else !
I do not know whether other Members have had a copy , and have not , as yet , had the chance to seek further information about this .
Mr President , Commissioner Reding , Commissioner Lamy , on behalf of my group and , I am sure , of the whole of this House 's Committee on Culture , Youth , Education , the Media and Sport , I welcome the Commission 's decision not to make any offer to deregulate educational , cultural and audiovisual services in this GATS round .
A chain of consequences follows if you give people what they want .
When I travel back to Brussels , I remember that the sewage treatment plant there is still not working despite public provision of services of general interest , and that Brussels is currently pumping sewage , quite untreated , into the sea .
There is a need for improvement in Europe 's ports , and that needs to be accomplished , on the one hand , by clear rules on competition among ports and within each port , and , secondly , by means of transparent market access for harbour services .
The committee 's report introduces a further restriction - to a ship 's own crew .
As carriers , ships are subject to so many constraints , and face so much competition , that safety often gets left behind .
Why ?
She has negotiated really very energetically and with great skill in this field .
Since the year 2000 , the situation has dramatically worsened and the stocks are threatened with collapse .
So far the following funds have been programmed for such compensation payments under the Structural Funds : Belgium has set aside EUR 800 000 , Denmark EUR 1.6 million , the Netherlands EUR 1.3 million and France EUR 3.5 million .
However we here in Parliament need to help the fishermen today .
There too we have to show understanding and help the fishermen .
Recently the idea was floated of distributing the funds over several years , if we do not get the money now , but of course that would not help the fishermen either .
To all those who - perhaps with the events of the last few months in mind - have given it as their opinion today that we have to delay enlargement , I would like to put the counter-argument that this would divide and weaken Europe still further .
Now for the third objective - sustainable growth .
It is my belief , though , President Prodi , that , as you said in your speech , we need more conviction in matters of policy , as well as strategies that come to terms with the popular mindset , both in our own countries and among our neighbours .
We will be proposing a new multiannual programme for this