provide services of general interest .
Exceptions from the internal market 's competition and market regulations should include local , social and charitable services which do not work with their eye on profit and are committed to meeting the needs of the weak and those on the margins of society .
Mr President , you can ask your two comrades-in-arms .
This concern also meets with the approval of the Group of Socialist MEPs , who have therefore voted in favour of the report , although they have substantial reservations about the statements made under item 8.
The watchword must be : production in the market , for the market .
It is a truism , to give just one example , that the personnel costs of private bus companies are some 35-40 % lower than in the public sector .
My dear Mr Schmitt , a bus driver working on regular services does not earn a fortune - barely DM 200 above the social security rate in Germany .
According to this White Paper , it wants to reinforce local autonomy , and here it is interfering .
I appeal to my fellow Members of this House , although I know that there is little point in doing so , to support this position .
That is what we are doing .
We have to ask ourselves : why was local public transport created ?
For if we cannot work out a clear position at first reading stage , the Council then has the last word .
Mr President , ports , particularly seaports , are normally cosmopolitan systems and they are junctions in the TENs for traffic by ship and sea , which is in principle the most environmentally-friendly mode of transport .
I know that he has had a difficult job , but his shadow does not always have an easy time of it either .
I will say in addition that , at this time , we should not yet liberalise the pilot services .
So far , we have achieved all that was envisaged in the framework of the negotiating timetable , and therefore the negotiating timetable fixed at Nice will continue to be the keynote of our actions .
The pre-accession strategy for Turkey is showing the first positive results .
It will also produce a revised pre-accession strategy for those countries which are unable or unwilling to conclude negotiations by the end of 2002 .
Each country must be assessed on its own merits if enlargement is to be able to take place at all .
These problems were then taken into legislative account , so that we have no problems with Community law .
Does the Commission have a clear , official and unambiguous answer to this ?
As regards the Turkish Prime Minister 's statement , what Mr Ecevit has said is nothing new to me ; I have heard it in many conversations with him and read it in articles by him for over a year .
In this respect , relations between us and Turkey were never before as close as they are now .
I do not , though , think it likely that it will .
Madam President , I can tell the honourable gentleman that there was no briefing either ; on the contrary , I have conversations with the press every day , background discussions with many different journalists .
This , though , has to do with the criteria we have and our obligation to report very precisely on the extent to which they are complied with - or not , as the case may be .
The Commission 's proposal will be couched in those terms .
It evidently very much depends on who is asking , what is being asked , and when .
Mr President , I like this report , and would like to congratulate the rapporteur on what he has said and , moreover , congratulate the Commission on its Green Paper , for , by it , the Commission is making us aware of our dependence on energy .
Nor does nuclear fusion offer a solution .
I therefore recommend adoption of the amendments resulting from the opinion of the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market , which contribute to a better balance of the interests of all interested parties .
To a large extent , we could not manage in our society without them .
I hope the majority in this House will not allow itself to be made the lackey of the chemical industry , for the aggressive advertising of the German chemical industry in accusatory mode has clearly shown it to be too helpless and incapable of presenting valid arguments at a political level .
Rather , we must take this branch of industry with us in integrating high but feasible standards .
So if we do not accept that and say , 'that is the way to do it ' then I do not know what we are supposed to do next .
Safety does not increase in line with the amount of hyphenation or the number of regulations , but is increased by actual testing .
It is also very difficult to speak against things that are right and important , especially if they have long been part of legislation and of a directive , such as the water framework directive .
Water polluters must also be called to account , which means that the 'polluter pays ' principle applies .
Fellow Members , I urge you to vote against Amendment No 6 to the Flemming report and to vote for the original paragraph .
This requirement can only be met on a world-wide basis .
Has transposition into national law really taken place punctually and in the way we intend , and is the hierarchy envisaged by the Packaging Regulations actually as flexible as we need it to be in the future