If the Union 's common foreign policy is still not up to such tasks , perhaps the future Euro-Mediterranean Forum will be of help in keeping the channels of dialogue open between all sides .
The Group of the European People 's Party is obviously not avoiding such a debate , considering it in any case useful and timely .
The meeting of Foreign Ministers being held in Italy in early June is an opportunity to confirm and give concrete expression to this commitment , and our group is earnestly pressing for it .
There are also a few political problems of great relevance in this area that we cannot avoid facing and only by committing ourselves with greater intensity can results be obtained in the development of the Euro-Mediterranean strategy , in particular , the peace process in the Middle East and the situation in Algeria are the two most delicate and relevant points .
Mr President , in 1995 when the Intergovernmental Conference in Barcelona was opened , conference that was followed by other ministerial meetings - Malta in 1997 and the civil forums in Barcelona in 1995 and Naples in 1997 - the government and parliamentary institutions as well as civil society expressed unanimous support for closer and more profitable Mediterranean cooperation .
It is indeed true that the intertwining of political , religious , economic and cultural reasons can make disentangling this intricate situation seem arduous , but it is precisely here that we measure the role and capacity of our Institution .
Barcelona showed that the course had to be resumed in a positive manner , but the meeting that followed in Malta was certainly disappointing .
It 's true that demonstrating in the House is prohibited , but it 's also true that citizens have the right to be informed of what is happening in the European Parliament .
I recall that we have already voted for Amendment No 50 , presented by the Socialist Group .
Similarly , we would like the European Parliament to be more involved in future in the work of the ECB.
But the problem of aid to tobacco producers was not on the agenda of this debate !
The WEU must be integrated into the European Union : this is the first step , and it seems to me that Mr Tindemans was extremely clear on this .
We can and we must contribute to Europe 's future in peace and stability .
We must reaffirm here once again that monetary union without political union is ridiculous , a useless effort for the European people .
Its discomfort can also be seen in the proliferation of institutions to which it delegates this issue that it does not know how to handle .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , do you remember one of the replies from President Chirac of France to the protests to nuclear testing ?
Of this at least I am convinced .
However , we need a genuine union of the people and the States , not an accident of history !
The decisions of the United States and Japan , the possibility of sanctions , call for a rapid stand on the part of the European Union .
And here we come to the crux of the problem with regard to the European Union , which , until it has a common foreign policy , no one , or almost no one , will have any weight to settle the conflicts , including those closest to its borders .
In addition to encouraging the market 's expansion , Europe 's telecommunications equipment industry must be kept competitive and innovative .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I should like first of all to congratulate Mr Pex on his excellent work and his delicate mediation in drawing up this own-initiative report .
Secondly , the function of each of the institutions - Commission and Parliament - should be considered : their common and individual objectives , and their different responsibilities .
Euro-Mediterranean cooperation , launched by the Conference of Barcelona in November 1995 , is a sustainable element of stability and economic development of the entire region .
In this way economic development can be encouraged , through the formation of a ruling and entrepreneurial class which represents the various strata of society and not only the positions of the élite .
Madam President , I understand the reasons for preparing this text and I agree on the whole with the proposals .
We think there is nothing to evaluate for our part .
We also wish to remind the House that in a few weeks , Parliament 's delegation will be visiting China .
Well , there are 53 .
The Chinese have been waiting for fifty years , since the Long March , and have not seen any progress in human rights .
The other important point is that commercialization , which is a feature throughout the world , is clearly also seen in China .
We are still waiting !
There are many reasons : firstly , the lack of respect for the least guarantees in terms of court proceedings , which should by right be recognized in all countries ; secondly , the nature of the crimes with which the condemned are charged , which are purely political and a matter of opinion ; and thirdly , the systematic use of this instrument , not as a penalty , but as a pure and simple repression of dissent , so that the army is accuser , judge and executioner at the same time .
Mr President , 145 dead and 135 missing : these are the first totals , which are increasing daily to give an even more tragic number .
I have said several times that the problem of southern Italy is not so much a national question as a matter for the entire European Union