My appeal to NGOs and journalists is to carry on with their critical work and keep us informed .
My group and I wish to continue on that entirely Christian course .     Mr President , nobody can deny the fact that the ten future Member States have done an impressive amount of work as the day of their accession draws near , but any euphoria would be misplaced .
Most of the new Member States are not yet ready for accession .
In that respect , I share the Commission 's view as far as Slovakia is concerned .
This particularly applies to Roma in some parts of the country , particularly eastern Slovakia , where there are hardly any jobs for them .
If it transpires from the inspection carried out in November 2003 , that all the recommendations of the Atomic Question Group have been carried out , the Commission can consider postponing the closure of Kozloduy 3 and 4 for a little while longer .
There is also a need for core sectors such as energy , mining and transport to be restructured .
The phenomenon of an ageing population will therefore take a little longer to make its presence felt .
It is therefore obvious that those countries , in accordance with the European employment strategy , should develop active and sustainable employment policy .
Social security should be developed more effectively .
Due to the general absence of administrative capacity for regional policy , the incentives from the European funds are at risk of missing their intended purpose , while this is very much needed in the socio-economic framework .
Moreover , the measures should not only be put in place for the Roma , but above all , they must be implemented by them , for they do not participate enough in the improvement of their own fate and their own emancipation .     Mr President , today , we are holding the concluding debate on the accession of ten candidates to the European Union .
Much more constructive was the more recent list by Romania 's Prime Minister stating tasks yet to be done , as well as the recent Cabinet reforms , in order to give the negotiations with the EU more chance of success .
Not only the hauliers , but also the people living in mountains , valleys and coastal resorts complain about a huge traffic burden .
Neither are we taken with the intention of giving businesses overcapacity , thus enabling them to decide on every occasion which infrastructure , funded with Community support , can be used by them at the time in the most cost-effective manner .
I am pleased that various MEPs appear to be settling for an optimisation of the projects already included .
Moreover , it is regrettable that Europe 's attitude means that many European NGOs are now having a very difficult time over there .
They would like Europe to restore and improve relations with Cuba and look at that country from a different perspective without being influenced by third parties .
Action is indeed needed .
On 16 December 2002 , a Regulation was approved , and entered into effect a month or so later .
Accordingly , for general aviation involving small aircraft , delineated areas have been introduced which are separate from the rest of the airport .
Even more is yet to be done to ensure that the industry has a sound economic basis .
I am delighted with the progress and I also think it is very positive that Mr Nicholson has made every effort , right until the end , to ensure that we have a sound product here before us .     .
As far as the urge for liberalisation is concerned , I can put Mr Bolkestein 's mind at rest .
This does not strike me as being unreasonable .     Mr President , first of all , I should like to express my appreciation for Mr Schmidt 's work .
Today , we are discussing a proposal that is an annual fixture and that concerns all Member States , because every year , a clear distinction should be drawn between exportable and non-exportable social rights .
On this basis , my group takes the view that the countries where rights which , according to Europe are not exportable , are exported nevertheless , will need to adapt their social legislation .
What is certain is that this is a very complex issue .
We wax lyrical about the free movement of persons , while at this moment in time , 1 300 people from the Netherlands live elsewhere in Europe and will lose the benefit they are currently drawing .
This year’s annual update of the coordination regulation is a little unusual , for we are not only discussing technical changes , but also attempting to formulate a coherent position for non-exportable benefits .
Certainly if they concern regulations that have been laid down in order to guarantee people a minimum income , we have to consider very carefully what impact changes have on a country ’s citizens , and particularly if there is no analogous regulation in place in other countries .
We are also adapting it to take due account of the decisions of the Court of Justice .
It is this unfair treatment that has caused me to include in my amendment a number of elements that I have also heard echoed in the discussion by fellow MEPs , and to submit this as a basis for a compromise .
Mobility is also a topic within the framework of the Lisbon objectives .
That is clearly an omission in the report .
That , however , cannot conceal the fact that we are at a loss when it comes to this issue