As for Amendment No 36 , also tabled by Mr Mulder , we again come up against the subject of co-financing , and I am also against it .
The present agreement , which as I have said retains a line of continuity from the previous one , introduces only some slight quantitative changes to the number of vessels authorised to fish and to the volume of catches , and also some changes - slight as to the amount involved but appreciable in structural terms - to the financial contribution made by the Union and the companies that will benefit from the agreement .
Turning now to the financial contribution , this is set at just over EUR one million : EUR 1 050 750 , to be precise , or the equivalent of EUR 350 000 for each year the agreement lasts .
This is a fair and balanced agreement , which brings together the various interests , and the various elements that are inevitably involved in this type of agreement .
A year has passed since the Council instructed the Commission to undertake a specific study of the situation in the fruit and vegetable sector , which is currently suffering more than any other , in a report on the workings of the COM in fruit and vegetables .
We would also want to encourage links and mergers between producers ' organisations and to see operational funds belonging to producers ' organisations that have merged - or the actions carried out jointly by various organisations - financed at a rate of 70 % instead of the current 50 % .
Commissioner , once again , the report submitted by the European Commission on the operation of the common organisation of the market in fruit and vegetables , with a view to a future reform , is a disappointment .
Is the Commission aware of this sector ' s capacity for absorbing employees , particularly labour from the Maghreb , and does it realise , furthermore , that this sector has been more badly affected than any other by the liberalisation of trade with the countries from which these workers come ?
Commissioner , let us not make things so easy for the United States , Turkey or China .
A radical reform of the COM in fruit and vegetables was carried out more than five years ago but , unfortunately , time has shown that the concentration of supply has not reached the hoped-for level and has highlighted other issues which seriously limit the effectiveness of the measures implemented in that reform .
It contains some very interesting information , which broadly concurs with the information contained in our report of October last year .
What is needed is a report that discusses assessments and proposals , but the Commission ' s report does not provide for this and furthermore , the European Parliament put these forward in October last year .
I therefore find it incredible that the Commissioner claims not to be aware of the proposals that Parliament has made repeatedly on this subject .
Furthermore , the Commission must understand that it is irritating for the European Parliament to have to insist on issues which , according to the Commission ' s own words , should already have been resolved .
Mr President , you know as well as I that the roads of Spain are blocked , and the Commission cannot ignore this problem , because this sector is paying for the consequences of a violation of the principle of Community preference and a dreadful marketing policy .
I am , of course , talking about the constitution of the new Chapter 4 , with a reduction of 10 decibels on the maximum emissions authorised in previous chapters .
It is , above all , this last point which - as you know - presents the most difficulties in our discussions with the United States .
In this respect and in order to prevent an explosion of the Community situation , the intention is to negotiate with the United States and , of course , within the ICAO , so that we can frame these individual decisions for each airport within a general framework which lays down different levels of operative restrictions in accordance with specific areas of sensitivity .
Because otherwise , we will not achieve any of the objectives we have discussed so many times in committee relating to noise levels of aircraft , the situation - as Mrs Lucas has expressed very well - of the increase in the demand for air transport , the situation of certain airports which are not in a position to deal with the air traffic they are currently receiving , the measures proposed by you - by the Commission - such as taxes relating to noise , restrictions on the operation of certain types of aircraft within the European Union , or clear policies in relation to the use of land with regard to air transport .
This is clear : airports are necessary .
It will be in order to make improvements .
There is another issue , highlighted by Mr Sterckx , Mrs Lucas and others as well such as Mr Blokland and Mr Hatzidakis and that is the renewal of the fleets .
We must move beyond the current situation , with Chapter 2 aircraft reclassified as Chapter 3 , which meet the criteria of this last chapter only under certain flight regulations and furthermore in a very restricted way , which means that , in other circumstances , they greatly exceed those noise levels and do not comply with the rules of Chapter 3 .
That is what I am working on , but I am also seeking agreements with other countries , because the ICAO does not only include the 15 countries of the Union but also the United States and a number of other countries from other