and their sustainable management is vital , not only for natural diversity and ecological balance but also for our economy and prosperity .
It is important to establish a common database regarding the condition of the forests and the environmental pollution from which they are under threat .
During Parliament’s debate the prevention of forest fires was added to the group of activities to be funded out of the programme in the Commission proposal .
The debates , however , have seen a clear convergence of opinion .
If Parliament’s intergroup compromise is jeopardised in any way in tomorrow’s vote , the implementation of the entire plan will also be jeopardised , so I hope that the spiritual powers the rapporteur called upon will be present tomorrow in the vote .
We nevertheless have to bear in mind how diverse the European forests are .
Fire prevention activities must be carried out by means of regional programmes in order to be able to address the most outstanding problems of each region and so that the activities involved are suited to forest types and climate .
For this reason , when this programme work is undertaken in the future , these matters I think should be highlighted very clearly , and I believe that the Member States will supply valuable information before the Commission then puts forward its own proposal for after 2006 .     – Mr President , I wish to thank Mrs Redondo Jiménez for her splendid work in drawing up the report on the Forest Focus programme .
The forests in the EU Member States are very different from one another owing , for example , to local natural conditions .
I am glad that Parliament has now also given attention to forest fire prevention in addition to monitoring activities .
The forthcoming enlargement of the EU will also mean the coordination of forestry policy will have to be improved .
There are big differences between the current and the new Member States with regard to the forest ownership structure , and in the promotion of private forestry , for example , we Finns could be active in offering expert help to the countries of Central and Eastern Europe , on the basis of our experience .
This is important , just as Amendment No 15 regarding compliance with the principle of subsidiarity is , because they both highlight the differences between forests and our regional and climatic conditions .
The creation of norms and regulations governing the management of forests must in future , I think , fall within the powers of decision of each Member State .
In the Commission proposal a bathing site falls within the scope of this directive when a large number of people go there .
My friend , Torben Lund , here thought it absurd to have a proposal that defines a bathing site according to how many bathers go there , and according to which the authorities must define it as a bathing site .
In my view , it is just as absurd for the Commission to take Finland to court because measurements have not been carried out there with respect to some beach that everybody knows to be clean , and where the quality of the water is even known to be excellent , just because the definition of a bathing site has these problems associated with it .
The fact that we can hopefully conclude the debate on the directive at first reading shows that the European Union wants to work seriously to slow down climate change .
The decision on reporting in the EU , which goes back 10 years , has been an important basis for allowing us to reliably verify any negative trend with regard to emissions and create a framework to reverse that trend .
Furthermore , there have been major omissions in the work of Member States and information that has either not been submitted or is inadequate has had to be supplemented by making the necessary calculations .
Under the so-called compromise package Parliament’s rapporteur , the shadow rapporteurs and the Council have agreed between themselves that Member States must establish national inventory systems as soon as possible , and in any case no later than the end of 2005 , for the estimation of anthropogenic emissions of greenhouse gases by source .
Compliance with the Kyoto agreements – both the setting of absolute targets and monitoring their achievement – obviously depends very much on how the inventory system is brought into operation .
It will be important to adopt the grand total of 48 amendments contained in the compromise package in tomorrow’s vote so that the Member States can start to prepare for national implementation without delay .
I would hope that the Community , for example the European Environment Agency , will also start to publish trends in emissions on the basis of a five-year average .
We have achieved a result that is acceptable not only to Parliament but the Council too .
The European Union at present is very obviously less attractive an option than the United States for higher education students from third countries .
Each year the EU gets around 100 000 fewer new students than the United States .
The purpose of the programme is to improve the quality of European higher education by attracting more students and skills and know-how to Europe .
Seven months from now , the 10 new Member States acceding to the European Union must be closely involved in the implementation of Erasmus Mundus right from the start .
I am pleased with the result we achieved with regard to the programme’s linguistic issues .
The e-Learning programme now under discussion will hopefully extend that series of success stories .
The general aim of the programme is to improve the quality and accessibility of education and training systems by means of information and communication technologies .
