.
I think the European Parliament should be involved in getting such an inquiry under way .
Moreover , I should like to ask whether there is agreement in the Council on the policy in relation to Iraq .
Is the Danish Presidency in favour of a common policy on this issue ?
I believe it is naïve to believe that we can put the United States under an obligation .
It acts only because we are exposed to the threat of a development worse than war .
It is as if we have forgotten that it was the United States that rescued Europe in the First and Second World Wars and that saved us from Communist takeover .
The United States would not make large sacrifices if there were less risky alternatives .
Prime Minister Tony Blair stated clearly yesterday that they had evidence .
It is Tony Blair 's and the United Kingdom 's position we should emulate , and I would call upon the Presidency to work towards a situation in which the EU is united in rallying to the cause of combating dictatorship .
The weapons inspectors were turfed out , so what is the point of bringing them back ?
Our duty towards the people of Europe is to stand shoulder to shoulder with the United States in this fight against a dictatorship that is threatening world security .
Mr President , I should like to express my thanks for a good debate with many sound viewpoints and many good pieces of advice .
I have very deliberately confined myself to the crux of the matter , namely that the EU wishes to put maximum pressure on the dictator , Saddam Hussein to get him to comply with the UN resolution and the conditions to which he himself has agreed .
Everything we say and do must put maximum pressure upon Saddam Hussein .
I would therefore thank you for all the reflections that have contributed to this agreement to put such pressure upon Saddam , and I would ask you to appreciate that , because of the need to do this , I am neither able nor willing to adopt positions on all contingencies .
I can assure both Mr Barón Crespo and others that what Mr Patten said was , in every detail , in accordance with what is the common EU position , confirmed once again in Elsinore at the weekend .
It was an informal meeting with no new decisions taken , but I can readily divulge that there was support for maintaining the existing policy and for the importance of broad consultation on the part of the United States , including consultation with Arab states .
The EU supports the UN 's efforts .
I should like to say to Baroness Nicholson and Mrs Napoletano that the Council fully supports Parliament 's desire that everyone who has committed war crimes , genocide and crimes against humanity should be held to account for their actions .
In connection with this , I should like to say that I am able to confirm what Mrs Maes said , to the effect that the Danish Presidency has set a deadline of a month for a dialogue with the United States on the International Criminal Court .
Mr Barón Crespo would have liked me to report on the EU 's latest efforts to help solve the Middle East conflict .
We are confident that there is broad support for this initiative , which can contribute significantly to further progress in the positive process which the Quartet has succeeded in setting in motion and in which we must place all our hopes .
Mr President , I should like firstly to congratulate Parliament on the 'catch the eye ' form of debate we have just tested in practice .
For a former parliamentarian , all these debates with planned speaking times have been a misery .
Relief was at hand , however , and the delightful experience of real debates with spontaneous contributions in which people respond to each other instead of reading from pre-prepared scripts .
Finally , the country became the domicile of fundamentalist terrorists .
There is nonetheless a long way to go before there can again be talk of a stable Afghanistan .
In July , Vice-President Haji Qadir was killed openly in the street .
The conclusion of the Bonn Agreement of December 2001 between Afghan groups under UN leadership marked the start of the positive development we are now seeing in Afghanistan .
As a first step , an interim government was established which governed the country for six months until a hastily convened council of elders , Loya Jirga , met in June and appointed a transitional government headed by Mr Karzai who is to lead the country for two years until elections are held .
The Loya Jirga process and the regional and district elections showed that Afghans throughout the country have the desire and the courage to participate in the process of democratisation .
Afghan women played a striking role .
There have been attempts to mediate in the conflicts in Afghanistan .
It is precisely the securing of representativeness and the protection of minorities that are the keys to long-term stability in the country .
Even though the UN has operated as an essential catalyst in the process that is now developing , it has played its role with full respect and support for Afghan ownership of the process .
Progress is slow and the transitional government still has difficulty controlling large parts of the country where , as a result , local warlords and bands of robbers have an easy time of it .
In that connection , the EU has expressed great satisfaction with the setting up of Afghanistan 's National Defence Council .
A large number of Afghan refugees have returned , and those who have done so need international aid to secure their permanent reintegration .
