be addressed at this Council : the process of economic reforms , as a follow-up to the Barcelona European Council ; the current state of negotiations on enlargement , a process on which we have made substantial progress ; issues of Justice and Home Affairs , in particular immigration policy ; the debate on the future of Europe , with a report from the President of the Convention , Mr Giscard d'Estaing ; and the issues of greatest concern in the context of the CFSP ( Common Foreign and Security Policy ) .
For this reason , the report by the high level working group on company law must discuss three issues : the role of non-executive directors and of boards of directors , company directors ' pay and the board of directors ' responsibility for preparing information about the company 's finances .
Then there will be a discussion of a programme and a policy on protecting the Union 's external borders .
In this context , the communication that the Commission presented recently , entitled " Towards integrated management of the external borders of the Member States of the European Union " takes on particular importance .
On the one hand , the majority of the members of the Convention have shown themselves to be in favour of going more deeply into the process of European integration in a realistic way , in particular with regard to the distribution of competences .
On this matter the European Union will maintain its efforts to achieve a negotiated solution to the conflict , by condemning the use of violence and by promoting conciliation as an instrument of joint action geared towards making progress in the economic , political and security spheres .
Given the possibility of a fourth India-Pakistan conflagration , which could spiral out of control towards nuclear escalation , the international community must react unambiguously .
Despite the undeniable efforts by the Pakistanis against the hideouts of Al-Qaida cells , the international community must not tolerate any link between the operation of the nuclear umbrella and political cross-border claims .
Consequently , as I have already said , the European Union will continue to help ensure that both sides understand the need to keep the paths of dialogue open , in order to prevent a military scenario arising , the consequences of which would have a tragic affect on the entire continent of Asia .
I know that on some issues - perhaps on many of them - the Presidency has alibis , but the fact is that we are approaching the end of the Presidency with a more complicated agenda than when we started and with more confusion .
The resolution of the Barcelona Summit mentioned sustainability 103 times .
This is , Mr President , the most sordid form of nationalism , and ' More Europe ' means less nationalism , both of the old style and of the new .
The Seville conclusions should not focus solely on policing and crime-reduction , but should include the beneficial effects of immigration .
The reasons for this are budgetary and the objective is to dismantle the limited common policies .
In the face of economic uncertainty in the labour market , the economic policies of the Member States need to be discussed and coordinated in order to boost the economy , make the margins for budgetary action more flexible and to promote cohesion and the European social model .
Secondly , it is important to bear in mind that summits give rise to a number of expectations that are not always fulfilled .
It is important that we strike a balance between the European Union 's tradition of welcome and hospitality - bearing in mind our values , as expressed in the fitting phrase 'immigrants might not have papers , but they shall have dignity ? - and its actual possibilities , which are not unlimited .
And Mr Aznar sees himself as permanent President of the European Union .
I would like to remind you of this because it does not exactly coincide with what you have told us .
We are in total chaos .
Are you going to debate this ?
Do not be surprised that the citizens view the European Union as a problem and not as the solution it should be .
Lastly , allow me to note that in Laeken the seats of many agencies of the European Union were not decided on .
I would like to know whether this area will be covered in Seville .
Invite him to Barbate , to Isla Cristina , where there are fishermen .
I believe that this Presidency has given a fine example of something very important in politics , which is what in sporting terms is known as suppleness .
Many days have passed , there are still many days left and we are going to do many things .
We are now talking about the Seville Council and there are certain issues I would like to comment on .
On 2 July , you will have the opportunity to ask Mr Aznar whether or not that commitment has really been fulfilled .
With regard to the other issues in the Council , such as enlargement , this afternoon we will have the opportunity to talk at length .
Therefore , on the subject of enlargement I just wish to add that the Seville European Council only has to begin to talk , to acknowledge that the technical 'road map ' has been completed and draw up a great political itinerary : what is going to be done after concluding the negotiations , to see what our perspective is going to be for 2003 , how the Treaty is going to be signed , how the ratifications are going to be carried out , how the new candidate countries are going to be incorporated into the Intergovernmental Conference and how they are going to participate in the European Parliament elections .
