It shows to what extent the fundamental rights of human beings are being flouted in our own so-called democratic countries .
This proposal for a regulation in fact achieves a quite satisfactory balance between the parties : on the one hand , the position of the air carriers will be strengthened by a precise redefinition of liabilities on both sides ; and on the other , the rights of air passengers will be better protected by the introduction of the principle of objective liability of the carrier .
People will become more and more like commodities .
It is therefore gratifying to see that some of the initiatives are taking shape in terms of both rules and practical applications in various parts of the Union .
That is one problem .
So we are not saying that the market will resolve matters , and when we have liberalized things , our job will have been done !
But do please go to Finland and Sweden !
So if we are not just to complain about unemployment , but also do something to overcome it , we have to take these opportunities .
If Mr Argyros and I decide today to produce cars , then we can pack up straight away - we shall not be able to do it , because the basis which you need for that is economy of scale .
He referred again to public broadcasting .
Someone sits there and is asked : ' Tell me the name of a great French statesman beginning with N' .
Fine , the public service is something which makes sense , and if it works , if it is of use to our citizens , one can only welcome it .
But if it is so wonderful , then why can it not succeed in competition with others ?
Mr Blak put it quite correctly : this information society is something which can be of use to us .
The audiovisual sector cannot be treated as an ordinary commercial product .
Like her , I believe that we must strive to maintain this very special area of broadcasting .
By the same token , public service television would also provide information honestly - since objectivity in this area has been hounded out of existence in recent years - and in a pluralist way , as well as entertain , improve and educate .
We are all well aware of the explosion in the number of television channels offering their services throughout the world .
I should like to know who has authorized these committee meetings outside their allocated time , and I would ask for them to be cancelled and rearranged in their usual slot between 5.30 and 7 p.m.
After all , the Court 's decisions can shed totally new and unexpected light on certain provisions of the Treaty , as we saw recently in the case of the Bosman judgment .
It has no hesitation in including social , economic , cultural and ecological rights .
There should be no question of infringing the rights of the sex with the more favourable retirement age in order to ensure equal treatment .
Let us take the example of cross-Channel services .
I shall refrain from criticizing our procedures here , because I know the reasons for them , but we must admit that they sometimes verge on the ridiculous .
The problem for the authorities is how to provide strong encouragement without taking the place of the social partners .
That is why we have agreed , at the request of the PPE and Liberal Groups , to change the title of the text from ' Resolution on a reduction in working hours ' to ' Resolution on a reduction and adaptation of working hours ' .
You say that average working hours are a variable linked to the level of employment .
First of all , Europe with all its diversity has an equal need for a reduction and a flexible reorganization of working time , in order to cater for sectoral needs and business circumstances , taking particular account of the specific features of SMEs .
More than ever before , at the dawn of the twenty-first century , the issues of education , life-long learning , cultural and professional activity and retirement all go hand in hand , and should lead to greater freedom for individuals throughout their lives .
There is unemployment ; there is confusion .
It is fine by me if you wish to re-examine Modigliani 's life cycle analysis .
In an open economy , however , vacant posts are immediately occupied .
Introducing the single currency , in other words eliminating monetary fluctuations , is also a good thing in terms of growth and employment .
If that were not the case , moreover , the markets would ultimately penalize such divergent approaches .
So there is primarily a need for national measures here .
Let us not set the entrance examination before the student is in the right class to sit it .
Should it be tit for tat : ' I will reduce your social contributions , but your business must recruit new staff ' , or should the method consist only of incentives in the form of lower social costs ?
I would point out , however , that Article 9( 1 ) , of the common position poses a real problem for those who engage in falconry .
The mad cow business has not enhanced the image of the Union , although the Union is far from being the party primarily responsible for that disaster .
It is contrary to the code of conduct which we had undertaken to respect , and , in the present case , it shows how little interest the Commission persistently takes in this fundamental concept of public service in the general interests of the citizen .
Yet these optimistic declarations are