With regard to the various suggestions , I will refer firstly to the possibility of participating as observers in the forthcoming referendum and elections in Belarus .
Furthermore , some of you have said that spiritual assistance is not enough and that what is needed is financial assistance .
Yes , provided that the national authorities of Belarus do not prevent us from ensuring that current funds reach their destination .
We must be aware that things are not easy , that it does not appear that the latest measures taken by the Lukashenko regime are going to improve the situation , but we must nevertheless have faith in the citizens of Belarus .
Our over recent years for establishing and promoting this structured dialogue between Parliament and the Commission has been modified and simplified in certain respects .
The basic factors will be an integrated strategy aimed at improving competitiveness and structural reforms , promoting the knowledge-based economy and ensuring that the economic , employment , social , environmental and structural policies of the European Union and the Member States operate efficiently and coherently while maintaining the competitiveness of our economy .
These are extremely sensitive issues for the citizens and relate to the creation of the area of common justice and security .
We have just held a debate on Belarus , but it should be pointed out that the Commission has noted broad support for an ambitious policy of neighbourhood and has expressed its opinions in that regard in the Communication of 12 May 2004 which was approved by the European Council in June .
The Commission is aware of the importance of doing whatever is necessary to ensure that everything is ready on 1 January 2007 and to this end the current Commission has presented proposals this year , in particular in February and July , and intends to present a new package of measures which will be adopted on 29 September with regard to the aspects of JHA , RELEX and the environment which remain outstanding . 2005 will be fundamental and essential in terms of moving forward with preparing for close interinstitutional cooperation , but , furthermore , it is essential that these financial perspectives can be adopted as soon as possible during 2005 or very early 2006 if we really want them to be effective in 2007 .
Ladies and gentlemen , the second point I wish to stress is that of the impact assessments relating to the Commission ’s proposals .
I shall begin by mentioning Mr Daul , with whom we have cooperated in his capacity as President of the Conference of Committee Chairmen throughout all this time in order to facilitate cooperation between Parliament and the Commission .
I also believe that we can make it work better , but that that will be negotiated with the new Commission and I wish you luck in those talks and improvements .
The honourable Members will be very active here .
For example , the creation of the electricity and gas markets throughout the Balkans are very concrete actions relating to the Balkans Stability Pact which can and must be continued by the new Commission and , throughout 2005 , must be vigorously promoted .
Relocation in certain fields is going to take place and it is reasonable that it should take place , because the only opportunity for new countries at global level is offered by certain types of less technological production , which do not present problems in terms of building , or production in outlying areas , which do not have to be close to the consumer .
What is more , I believe it to be one of the most important challenges not just for the European Union but for the whole of humanity .
If that system operates within a context in which only the European Union fulfils those responsibilities , in which Kyoto is not ratified by Russia or the United States – the only two countries able to provide the critical mass to allow it to enter into force – we may find that we lose our steel , cement , tile , ceramics and other industries consuming energy , which would not mean pollution would be stopped , because the pollution would be created in third countries whose conditions are much less demanding .
Europe alone is not enough .
It is not just that our best minds are leaving , but that it is to the United States , which is our ally , friend and partner , that not just our brains , but the best brains from the whole world , are going .
Discretionality must be avoided , so that we do not act in an arbitrary manner .
Over all these years we in the Commission have not always held the same views , but we have had to reach agreements and we have all supported that position .
I am sure that this new Parliament together with the new Commission will continue this work .
The Members of the European Parliament – including myself – know that Community policies have great added value in terms of growth and employment , in relation to Structural Funds , research and external cooperation , for example .
It is time for the Council to accept an undeniable fact : the decentralised agencies need sufficient funds if they are to be implemented and to function properly .
The N+2 rule that the Commission mentioned was created to improve execution and to speed up the completion of projects .
In reply to your question , Mrs McAvan , I must tell you that , through its current activities , Eurostat contributes in various ways to the work of the World Health Organisation , within the context of the Community Statistical Programme 2003-2007 ; and , in particular , in relation to public health statistics , Eurostat collects , confirms and publishes annual data relating to causes of death in the Member