beings which I know that you , President Mugabe , have grown up with and embraced .
The churches of Zimbabwe , the Lutheran World Federation and the World Council of Churches appeal to your conscience .
Twenty years ago , the Church of Sweden' s youth movement , which I myself was active in , embarked upon a special venture which we called ' Be a Friend of Zimbabwe ' .
Put away hatred .
Thank you for your answer , which I think was important and valuable .
I should like the Council ' s representative genuinely to confirm that it is not the case that ministers from , for example , Denmark or Great Britain , are losing the power to influence other issues dealt with by Ecofin because these countries are not members of the Euro 11 .
To my great delight , I note that it is liberals who have been in the vanguard of this change : Commissioner Bangemann , together with Finland ' s former Minister for Transport , Mr Norrback , who was among the first ministers to liberalise this sector .
I also hope that , in the future , we shall be able to conduct a similar open dialogue with the Commission regarding development within this sector .
In common with previous speakers , I would express my appreciation of the constructive cooperation that has taken place with the rapporteurs .
In certain Member States , that is already the case , for example in my own country , Finland .
One might well wonder if it is a question here of being penny wise and pound foolish .
I would therefore hope that the Commission is alert to this question and that we can engage in a creative discussion on the subject .
Women account for more than half the earth ' s population and yet remain unheard and under-represented within most political , economic and social spheres .
That is unacceptable .
In the course of the Beijing Conference in 1995 , a common action plan was decided upon for these different groups of women .
Five years later , discrimination against women is still widespread , and violence against women is still a global phenomenon .
The report we are voting on tomorrow emphasises that progress within all twelve areas is necessary if women are fully to be able to obtain their share of human rights .
These three tools have so far been missing in implementing the Beijing Action Platform .
Is that not so , Commissioner ?
We note that women ' s and children ' s rights form an indispensable and inseparable dimension of human rights generally .
These are points which religious fundamentalists of different kinds now refuse to accept .
I would also urge the governments of the Member States and the delegation from the European Parliament which is to go to New York in a few weeks ' time to do all they can to bring about the final document from the Beijing + 5 Conference which is , in fact , threatened by these groups .
Mr President , to begin with , I want to thank Mrs Sörensen for a very good , interesting and tremendously readable report .
The first concerns the role of the sex industry in this issue .
Almost throughout the report , the term enforced prostitution is used .
However , the use of this term implies that there is an opposite , that is to say voluntary prostitution .
I would again thank Mrs Sörensen and all our colleagues .
Will the debate continue following the debate on topical and urgent subjects of major importance ?
What the report does not discuss , and what the Commission ' s report does not take account of , either , are the different conditions prevailing in the EU' s Member States when it comes to developing and maintaining different types of network .
Alyssandrakis report ( A5-0122/2000 )
On other continents , there is an awareness of how racism is growing in Europe , and it is precisely because of racism that immigrants are choosing other continents , notably America , instead of Europe .
I support most of the amendments , but on one point I am uneasy .
There is a danger that what we believe to be an extension of the definition concerned may , in actual fact , be a restriction of it .
What do we now have to learn , fifty years after 9 May 1950 , that is to say fifty years after the Schuman Plan ?
Mr President , Commissioner , the crisis in the Philippines we are discussing is a tragedy .
I represent one of the countries which has citizens as hostages there .
There is , nonetheless , something to be learned from all tragic events .
I am not going to object to that , but I would note the anomaly in Parliament being able to devote half an hour ' s discussion to football hooliganism - and I am nonetheless a great football enthusiast - but not having a spare minute to discuss the biggest form of hooliganism we have , namely the presence of nuclear weapons in the world .
Despite this grim reality , the penalty for trafficking in women is exceedingly small compared with that for serious drug smuggling .
Despite a number of statements from the EU about the appalling traffic in women , there is still no complete database with information about victims , trade routes , legislation or measures to be taken .
By not complying with existing laws and not creating new laws to tackle the mafia concerned , the governments of Europe are indirectly allowing this demand-driven trade to increase .
The Committee on Women' s Rights and Equal Opportunities is demanding that the Member States provide women who give evidence with protection and refugee status