France is threatening to veto negotiations with Macedonia , a country cooperating closely with Croatia in the hope of joining simultaneously with it .
The Commission ’s progress reports give an indication of what still needs to happen .
The areas of concern and criticism are , above all , a guidebook for those countries ’ governments and parliaments to take the necessary measures in the time that is left .
We will state our opinion on this in the spring of 2006 .
He will be brought to court for his hate speeches against Roma , Jews and Turks .
The fact is that the Romanian authorities set just as much store by the fight against corruption .
In a word , Bucharest has been asked to take action .     Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , today , I should like to counsel meticulousness and appeal to you all to take our own criteria and procedures seriously .
Those are questions to which we do not have to find the answers right now .
Bulgaria and Romania have done a great deal , but much is yet to be done before the criteria are really met .
It illustrates that we in the European Union can make social legislation , even though we like to give it an economic twist .
I should also like to thank him for the way in which he wants to actively involve all social strata within the fisheries industry .
His response in this respect creates reasonably positive expectations to this effect , and I hope that we politicians will also ensure that all social strata within the fisheries industry are given their rightful place within the sector .     Mr President , first of all I should like to extend warm thanks to Mrs Attwooll for managing to pinpoint exactly what the role and significance of women in the fisheries industry can be .
Sustainable catching methods with minimal bycatch and sound monitoring are essential .
This concerns the very important but also sensitive issue of adoption in Romania .
When Hong Kong was handed back to China , the formula of two systems in one country was devised .
The European Union and most Member States are more interested in China ’s economic potential than in having human rights respected .
Where democracy and human rights are concerned , Russia is continuing a bad tradition .
Mr President , every normal democracy has what is known as a fourth estate : a collection of critical journalists and citizens , active NGOs and non-profit organisations which , as representatives of civil society , monitor the authorities , the government , the administration and parliament without any constraints or censorship .
Secondly , in both the British and Belgian press , a discussion has been started as to the extent to which businesses are prepared for a possible pandemic , and I think this also begs the question of to what extent the European institutions and also this Parliament are prepared for one .
We must invest not only in information and education , but also in improving the legal position of homosexuals .
Anti-discrimination and equal opportunities were to be a top priority for this Commission , with a group of Commissioners to monitor all Commission action and major initiatives in this area .
Where inefficient spending of European subsidies is concerned , they insist on naming and shaming , but when we talk about basic European values , nobody says a word , and that I believe to be wrong .
I should now like to hear from the Commissioner how the Commission intends to carry out this monitoring in practice .
It is very frustrating that every time we ask questions in the debates , we never get a reply .
Clients of prostitutes do not buy services , but take advantage of other people’s bodies .
Money must be made , and that is why clients are needed , so we must start close at home in order to raise awareness and public sensitivity , as well as the visibility of this distressing problem , and to discourage the exploitation of these women and children in our Member States .
The Europe-wide anti-human trafficking day , for which this report argues , could serve as a useful instrument in this .
I could go on , but I think that this report has set the right tone for adopting a more proactive stance towards this problem .     .
Although this deadline is , I believe , too late , it has been set all the same .
We will only be able to talk in terms of a success at the end of 2006 , though , if this round has been actually completed and implemented in a fair manner .     Mr President , Commissioner , I doubt very much whether we could we have expected more from the WTO Summit in Hong Kong .
I am pleased with the commitment to abolish the export subsidies in agriculture , including the indirect ones .
Mr President , despite the absence of the Group of the European People’s Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats , it is to be hoped that we will , tomorrow , be united in confirming that Parliament will take climate change and a future climate policy seriously .
The directive on tradable emission rights is an important indicator of the EU’s commitment and still deserves our full support .
Why do airline tickets have to be so cheap ?
It could deal with this on its own .
Perhaps , Commissioner , on behalf of the Commission , you will be so kind as to tell us whether , when you table fresh proposals , you intend to take your time conferring with all parties involved beforehand .     .
Why is it that whilst your Commission