own assistants is indispensable .
All the institutions need to embrace reform whole-heartedly .
What we need is action and not just empty words in this area .
This is not just true of the issue of Parliament ' s seat ; reform of the European institutions needs to be brought about as quickly as possible .
The Commission is starting to get its own house in order and it is crucial that the other institutions are seen to follow suit .
In particular , the other institutions should follow the Commission as quickly as possible in implementing activity-based budgeting .
We can only be transparent and accountable if all the decision-makers are clear about the budget and what lies behind the budget .
One of my greatest frustrations over the last year is that it is so difficult to get behind the bureaucratic presentation of budget lines .
The system is anything but transparent .
It is designed to obscure rather than enlighten and I have been disappointed by the attitude adopted today with respect to activity-based budgeting .
But of course it is not enough to encourage reform in each institution separately .
Real savings can only be made if the institutions work together .
I fully support the emphasis in this resolution on improving interinstitutional cooperation , like the proposal for an interinstitutional recruitment office , which will provide real gains in efficiency and cost-effectiveness .
There needs to be greater vigour and determination for the Parliament , Council and Commission to cooperate as closely as possible on issues such as translation , interpretation , libraries and buildings .
Nowhere is it more important than for us to demonstrate value for money in the buildings policy .
This is one area that has come under considerable spotlight both from the media and from the general public .
We really need to develop a strategy to ensure there are no cost over-runs in the future and that they are suitable for the main users , including full accessibility for people with disabilities .
This strategy has already been introduced by Joan Colom i Naval , the Vice-President for buildings .
What we need to do now is turn this into a comprehensive blueprint design brief , so that we do not have any future problems .
Finally , what I find disappointing about this report is that it does not focus strongly on the need to plan and prepare for the future , especially in relation to the enlarged Union .
I think we will regret that we have not made even greater preparation for enlargement in this budget .
To conclude , whilst we are making significant inroads with this report on the first issues I highlighted - efficiency and effectiveness - on the second and third - transparency and accountability and planning for the future - we could have been even more ambitious .
Mr President , one of the great privileges of parliamentarians is to talk about the budget .
As an old House of Commons man I am delighted that we have this opportunity here today .
There is an old saying : " No taxation without representation " .
However , when we look at the development budget there are all sorts of peculiarities which we should concentrate on .
We accept that there is waste and inefficiency in the development budget .
I know that the Committee on Development and Cooperation is looking very hard at it .
So is the Committee on Budgets .
There was a reference earlier to Hurricane Mitch and money going to the people in those little islands .
In fact no money has gone to the people in the little islands because we could not get our act together and help the people who needed the money .
But my main point is about the ACP.
Two weeks ago we had the ACP Joint Parliamentary Assembly .
It is no longer a joint assembly .
It is now a Joint Parliamentary Assembly .
And that brings me back to my original point about representation and taxation .
Now 35 Members of Parliament from 35 different countries come together twice a year as Members of Parliament to discuss development and mutual cooperation .
Yet when you look at this joint assembly , it does not actually control a budget .
Yes , it is a parliamentary assembly but it has no budget to control , because the EDF budget which we use for the ACP is apparently controlled by the Member States .
During my time in the House of Commons not once do I recall any debate about the EDF budget and I doubt whether there is any debate in the Member States about the EDF budget .
So who does debate , as elected representatives , the EDF budget ?
I suspect no-one .
The Commission proposes and disposes .
We have a parliamentary assembly which does not have a budget .
We should look at this again .
Mr President , I welcome the opportunity to contribute to this debate tonight .
It is probably the most important Parliamentary debate in a twelve-month period , when we debate the budget .
It is rather ridiculous that we have to fight to put forward the points of view of the regions we represent .
Those who are in charge of the future of this Parliament would do well to recognise it is a one-day debate they require , not a two-day debate on the budget in future .
I say without apology that I am going to address the effects that the European Union has had in my region .
I want to make it very clear that the European Union , insofar as Northern Ireland is concerned , has had the most direct and positive influence imaginable .
It has been good for Northern Ireland .
It has been positive for Northern Ireland and has delivered for Northern Ireland