This necessary revision of the earlier directive removes the discrimination that had previously put the self-employed and their life partners at a disadvantage .
They must also be entitled to parental leave and the ability to combine working life and family life - something that we discuss so often .
Now we also have the opportunity to request that the Commission goes further in providing consumers with greater power .
The Confederal Group of the European United Left - Nordic Green Left , me included , considers that it is high time that consumers ' requirements were put first .
It is probably more balanced than was originally intended .
In the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe , we have been critical of the cost increases originally proposed by the Bureau which have , in fact , now been partly cut , as has been said .
It is important that the European Parliament shows that we really are interested in the level of costs to which we give rise .
By extension , it is also good to remember that the greater the number of assistants employed in Parliament , the greater will be our requirements in terms of our buildings and it will become very expensive in the long term .
On the other hand , we do not believe that it is the job of the EU to take decisions on equality policy , which have a far-reaching impact on the public finances of the Member States .
In the current economic crisis , it is of the utmost importance that the self-employed be supported and encouraged .
Broadly speaking , we support our colleague Mr Manders ' report on textile names and related labelling of textile products .
Instead , we support a voluntary labelling system based on consumer demand for origin marking .
Clear ground rules are a precondition for the ability of a market economy to function properly and the trade in services is an important element in the development of countries ' economies .
The line between life and death does not come any clearer than this .
I am pleased that the views advanced by the Committee on Legal Affairs have been taken account of .
This justifies an increase in the number of staff for Parliament 's and the groups ' secretariats in these committees .
In the end , we reached a compromise to the effect that the proposal will now be partly funded through savings of EUR 4.4 million .
For one thing , you cannot employ highly-trained experts for EUR 1 500 per month .
I regard this increase as an unjustified supplement for the already high secretarial allowances , and this at a time when the unemployed , single women , pensioners and other socially vulnerable groups are forced to make sacrifices to rescue the floundering euro project .
It is a serious problem that so many of the decisions continue to be short-sighted and governed by a right-wing philosophy where economies in crisis are put on a starvation diet .
This may mean the transport system , it may mean energy supplies , it may mean other important solutions where the Member States cannot stand alone but where the EU and the Commission must act .
This also requires investment , but it may make an impact on the current figure of 28 million registered unemployed .
I also call on the Commission to show the workers of the EU the respect that will be required in this economic crisis in order to bring them with us to build a stronger and better society .
This is a very important subject .
All the countries in the region - Georgia , Armenia and Azerbaijan - are former Soviet States , and Russia continues to influence the region much more than some people understand .
I am therefore very pleased to see the text clearly reiterate our unconditional support for Georgia 's territorial integrity and inviolable , internationally recognised borders and strongly condemn the recognition by the Russian Federation of the independence of the breakaway Georgian regions of South Ossetia and Abkhazia as contrary to international law .
That said , it does contain both good and bad proposals , and I am therefore abstaining .
Regional cooperation with the EU in the Union for the Mediterranean must not , as some powers would like to see , become a substitute for integration into the EU and membership of the European Union .
This takes the form of habitual persecution , cold-blooded murder , discrimination and harassment at all levels of society .
Madam President , first of all I would like to thank Mr Cashman for the pleasant company as he discussed these extremely pressing and important issues .
However , I do not believe that it should always be a question of more taxes .
This is something that I , and surely many other people , think is an issue that we need to spend a lot of time on in our discussion of the Millennium Development Goals .
I do not believe that it is particularly wise to take the decision that the countries must attain 0.7 % even if we want to , because I believe that in many respects this would be a waste of time .
If we do not force undertakings to provide correct information , consumers will not receive it and then the whole of the internal market will collapse .
We cannot determine centrally what information is important for a particular consumer .
It is no stranger to have a colour coding system for nutrient content than to warn consumers when they buy an energy guzzling car or an energy intensive refrigerator .
Alcohol manufacturers are constantly demanding to be treated in the same way as regular food undertakings , but now that we are about to regulate food , they no longer want to be