you Europhiles and Euromaniacs of all kinds , please carry on supplying us with such amusing arguments .     .
Under these rules , the European Parliament determines the Statute and general conditions governing the performance of its Members ’ duties , after consulting the Commission and with the approval of the Council acting by a qualified majority .
They were rather exceptional reasons .
This is where a balance will come about .
Yet managing employment takes place primarily within the business community and businesses should take note of what you have said , namely that experience , and therefore also age , has its price and its worth .     .
The Council reminds the honourable Member that the organisation of electoral procedures , like the rules relating to the entitlements of the voter , are governed by the national law of each Member State .
The issue of the inclusion of the Shiite movement Hizbollah on the list of terrorist organisations has been examined several times by the bodies of the Council and remains open .
We have done so and we are also in the process of doing so in this overall approach that we have adopted and that we are currently applying in that country , particularly in the context of non-proliferation .
Mr Martin , I think I have already had an opportunity to provide a clear answer to this question .
You have two choices .
This prospect should give new impetus to strengthening the regional integration process .
What is this about ?
We must work fast , though , as the company ’s intellectual property is on the way to being transferred to the United States and Switzerland and Alstom’s general management is working to put the company in financial difficulties .
It considered the planned job cuts to be proportional to the level of over-capacity in these industries , and felt that the estimates of the costs of this restructuring and of the saving that would result seemed realistic .
It was a case of expressing an opinion on the fact that , in the condition in which Alstom was proposing to continue , yes , it was worthwhile for a state to grant it aid .
It was good for the whole of Europe .
It is not down to the Commission , of course , to dictate the management of companies or to manage , on behalf of governments , social assistance for any redundancies .
For my part , I would like to come back to a question that concerns the European Union and the situation within the EU’s borders .
The World Anti-doping Agency , which undertakes some very important work , has just decided , with regard to corticosteroids in particular , that tests will be performed and that a certain level –  I believe it is 30 %   – of corticosteroids will be accepted in the samples taken .
The UNESCO Convention must become the international legal instrument of reference on issues of cultural policy .
I would like to add that the debates leading to the drafting of this report were conducted in an excellent atmosphere and I would like to conclude , Commissioner , by expressing to you my gratitude .     .
It is also important , of course , to take account of the socio-economic impact , to provide compensation , which must be made fair so that it does not always go to the same people , and also to preserve small-scale fisheries , which must also survive .
As a result , we cannot be certain that genuine asylum seekers have not been sent back to dangerous situations .
The European Union has always been keen to defend and promote human rights ; it is a key part of our external policy .
At this very moment , too , an EU troïka is discussing ways of resuming the human rights dialogue with Iran .
The cooperation , to which you refer in your report , between the Personal Representative on Human Rights recently appointed by the Council 's Secretary-General/High Representative for the CFSP and the EU’s Counter-Terrorism Coordinator is entirely consistent with our policy in the matter and we are keen to develop it .
The very large number of individuals and organisations that expressed their ideas on the future role of the Monitoring Centre and its conversion into an agency for fundamental freedoms and human rights clearly shows the extent to which citizens feel they are affected by human rights issues .
Having said that , I believe the most important thing about this report is probably the ability , an ability we can continue to develop in the years ahead , to analyse the European Union’s instruments for protecting and promoting human rights and democracy in the world .
More seriously , I would like to say that it is clear that there are some paragraphs which my party will not accept , paragraph 78 in particular , which condemns the Council for lifting sanctions against Cuba .
Although no census of this population has been made , their number is estimated at around eight million scattered throughout Europe .
I remain convinced , however , that this moment will come , and it is the responsibility of the Union to encourage it .
That is the challenge we face ; that is why , for the past five years , we have been striving to implement this Financial Services Action Plan ; and that is why we believe we must go forward .
They told us very clearly that if we want a regulation to be implemented on a European scale , it will take more than benchmarking between national authorities , as the effect of this alone will not produce a sufficient level of harmonisation between the powers of different national regulators during the step-by-step process we are in