This convention requires states to ensure that the child is not separated from the parents .
There is no similar convention dealing with ascending relatives , but it is clearly the case that if we wish to live up to our humanitarian ideals we must provide the opportunity for third-country nationals to bring dependent relatives in the ascending line into their family units .
This has been a matter of some debate within the committee .
I am pleased to see that a number of amendments to the final report have been put forward ; in particular Amendments Nos 18 to 23 , which propose a compromise on this matter .
May I briefly introduce some of the amendments that the committee 's report puts forward .
Amendment No 3 looks at the need for data and recognises that in order to have an effective evaluation of the situation in the Member States , the Commission will need more information from the Member States .
Amendment No 5 deals with relatives from the ascending line .
This has now been overtaken in a sense by the compromise Amendments Nos 18 to 23 .
Amendment No 6 recognises the very real problems that the administrations of the Member States currently have with the workload created by the demands of family reunification .
Amendment No 9 allows each Member State to introduce more favourable provisions than those set down in the directives , and insists that these new rules will not lower current standards of protection .
Amendment No 11 deals with the grounds on which a Member State may deny the right of entry to a relative , namely on grounds of public policy , domestic security and public health .
Our amendment seeks to insist that any Member State wishing to refuse entry on those grounds provides very clear justification .
I do not wish to comment on all of the 66 amendments put forward to my report , but I would say that this is a very complicated area .
Parliament had relatively little time to look at it and inevitably not all of the compromises which were necessary to reach a favourable outcome were achieved in committee .
I would therefore urge Members to look carefully at the amendments that have been tabled in plenary to reach the compromises which will allow us to go forward in an effective and humanitarian way .
Mr President , the ELDR Group is backing this report as one of the essential building blocks in constructing the area of freedom , security and justice and in following up the Tampere Summit , which rightly made it a priority to establish rights of free movement for legally resident third-country nationals .
This is an injustice which needs remedying .
Like Mrs Terrón i Cusí , I am surprised at the stance of the EPP Group , which normally puts a lot of emphasis on family values and yet today is undermining the family by opposing reunification , which will assist the social integration of these legally resident migrants .
This seems to us perverse .
To take up some specific points in the report , first of all on the inclusion of beneficiaries of subsidiary protection .
We will wait to hear Mr Vitorino , but it is rumoured that the Commission will accept amendments to take these beneficiaries out .
The ELDR Group would regret that because we think that , like refugees , beneficiaries of subsidiary protection should be in .
They are long-term residents , they are not analogous to beneficiaries of temporary protection .
We will listen to the debate because our overwhelming desire is to get the bones of this proposal through .
On ascending relatives , we consider that Amendment No 20 is superfluous because there is a general right in Article 9 of the proposal to apply a non-discriminatory means test to all entrants .
However we are willing to look at that if it assists in saving the report .
It is important to be absolutely clear on unmarried partners .
The proposal will not force Member States to give legal recognition to unmarried partnerships , but if they do they must treat unmarried partners like spouses .
There has been a lot of misinformation on this , not least stirred up by the Conservatives in the United Kingdom - tabloid headlines about outrageous plots by the EU to force the UK to accept refugees ' gay lovers .
That is stirring up homophobic prejudice and I deplore it .
I should like to congratulate the rapporteur .
We are dealing here with a long-overdue overhaul of a number of directives relating to rights of residents of the non-economically active .
My starting-point , as was the rapporteur 's , is that we should give European Union citizenship real meaning .
The Treaty statement that every citizen should have the right to move and reside freely within the territory of Member States and the reality are still far apart .
I draw on the experience of a number of language students from other Member States in my own constituency .
They received a standard letter from our local social security office asking them to attend for a two-hour interview and to bring with them as many items as possible on a non-exhaustive list of about twenty documents such as a passport , bank statements , or household bills to "establish their identity" .
When I enquired further about this I was told that it was not an EU matter , because the same letter would be sent to UK residents .
In what circumstances I cannot imagine .
And , the two hour time-scale , even more ludicrously , was supposed to save them from a car parking fine in the local car-park !
I would not want to see any citizens treated in the same way as these students .
The history of