Mr President , I know my time is up .
The EU must act decisively .
There are still many small boys out there waiting for their fathers .     .
Moreover , his calling as someone who preaches road safety is reflected in this report in the form of positive mediation and action to support the aim to actually halve road deaths by the year 2010 , which is our common objective .
In addition to this , we need awareness , since the biggest threat on the roads is always to be found between the steering wheel and the driver’s seat .     .
Journalists have been imprisoned , as have active trade unionists .
The king has breached the constitution and all the rules of democracy .
Many kinds of human rights violations have been reported in Nepal .
People are being arrested and held prisoner without a trial .
Such countries ’ hallmarks are the inability of the state to take responsibility for a monopoly on legalised violence and general security , and an inability to control its borders .
If full-blown civil war breaks out , the costs of such a conflict are colossal .
The situation is also made problematic by the fact that there are those in Nepal who are benefiting financially from the disorder there .
Despite the difficulties , the international community should not leave Nepal to its own devices .
Mr President in November the World Summit on the Information Society is to be held in Tunisia .
There is good reason to press Tunisia to act to strengthen democracy , establish the principles of the rule of law , respect human rights , safeguard people’s right to speak and express themselves freely , and guarantee the independence of the judiciary , in accordance with the acquis of the Barcelona process .
It cannot be excused in Tunisia just because there are other countries where women are socially inferior .     – Mr President , as my good friend and former colleague Stefano Manservisi is in my office , I will of course begin by praising this report .
I wish to raise five points .
The fact that we have 26 different development policies , however , tends to hamper efficiency .
It should be based on an equal partnership between the European Union and the African Union .
Fourthly , I want to say that peace , stability , healthcare and good governance are priority goals for many still unstable African countries .
I therefore support the Commission on this issue .     Madam President , I would like to make three points .
First , I would like to thank the rapporteur for what I think is an excellent report . 78 % of us live in cities .
That is already a step in the right direction .
Perhaps they could think of a Baltic Sea strategy along those lines .
I am Finnish and I come from a ‘welfare ’ system .
On the one hand , the numbers of students and young jobseekers crossing EU borders in search of new experience and career prospects is constantly increasing .
On the other hand , we can see how many young people feel disconnected from this new multinational reality .
Some on the political extremes , both left and right , celebrate this disaffection and claim vindication for their old-fashioned ideas .
The Youth in Action programme is not merely an information campaign on the EU ; it is something far more valuable .
I would like to highlight a few points .
Second , people as young as 13 should be eligible as a rule , not as an exception , and , of course , gender balance should be upheld .
Finally , the range of countries with which youth partnerships are struck should be the largest possible .
Too often an extended period of student exchange coupled with some work experience results in young people losing some of their national study and social entitlements .
This risk can be lessened by controlling the bird epidemic and reducing the chances of the virus spreading from birds to humans .
Now it is important that we help the poorer countries take action to conquer the epidemic among poultry , and it is also important that people in direct contact with birds are vaccinated against normal human flu , so that the bird virus does not get a chance to form hybrids with the human virus .
Through solidarity , we can help both ourselves and others .     .
Madam President , Strasbourg is not an ideal place to deal with such important reports in Commission meetings .
I therefore apologise for being somewhat late .
When we opened accession negotiations in early 2000 with an additional six candidate countries , we could not know how long the accession negotiations with each of them would finally take .
Overall , the reports on the two countries show that both have continued to make progress in fulfilling their accession requirements .
Both countries continue to fulfil the political criteria , which are , as you know , related to the rule of law , human rights and democracy .
While much has been done , there is a need for further progress .
In the area of human rights and the protection of minorities and vulnerable groups , further efforts are needed by Bulgaria and Romania .
Both have also pursued structural reforms to their economies .
In Romania , the external balance , wage policy and strengthening of the government’s revenue base call for continued attention .
That does not mean that everything is perfect in those areas , but it means that no real problems are expected , provided that the current pace of preparations is maintained .
In the second category , there are areas where