words , the main obstacle to combating famine and promoting peace must be removed by working on peace negotiations .
The Slovak authorities intend to start up the nuclear plant in Mochovce in just a few weeks ' time .
It is essential for the consolidation of this peace process that lawlessness is brought to an end , and that is why the perpetrators of this murder should be found and punished quickly .
In particular , the culture of lawlessness was regarded as a deterioration in the situation there .
Turkey
Madam President , it goes without saying that I concur with the present resolution which rightly denounces the worrying violations of the most elementary human rights and freedom of speech in our neighbouring country of Turkey .
Malaysia-Indonesia
Nobody is pointing out the responsibility borne by the regime and the clique of friends around it , who have seriously enriched themselves over the past decades .
The financial problems have got worse as well , and as a result of the political unrest and the way Suharto 's troops acted , it seems to me that the IMF and the World Bank might have to review their ideas .
Before that , 20 other prisoners who should also be considered as political prisoners died in prison .
These two were part of a group of 40 people arrested in January because of opposition activities .
The United States , and also the US Congress , want to introduce an investment ban .
Unfortunately , we have to conclude that the proposals which have so far been developed by the British Presidency in conjunction with France are frankly a disappointment .
Mr President , when we learned of the Franco-British initiative for a code on the arms trade , we got the impression that we should be on our guard more than usual .
It is much better to take a general line , with criteria which must be employed , including under those circumstances which make it economically less attractive to behave decently .
There are no sanctions .
They are merely obliged to inform each other .
Transparency , Mr President , and multilateral consultation between all Member States are essential ingredients for a common policy .
The oldest CRS , SABRE , was set up in the past by American Airlines , but is now making even more profit than American Airlines itself .
I regard it of great importance that , for short and medium distance journeys , travellers are made expressly aware of the alternative of the train .
The CRSs have gigantic amounts of market information at their disposal , including travel agents ' sales figures .
Bearing in mind the overall picture , I would like to draw the following conclusions .
This should not be allowed to become a monopoly position de facto , just because it is only the financially very strong companies which can buy that information .
Mr President , I would like to ask the Bureau a question arising from the Minutes .
I feel I am the victim of voting being suspended at a quarter past one .
The Commission currently shares this right with the Member States .
In my view , it would be better to keep things as they are with powers shared between the Commission and the Member States .
Mr President , the large-scale use of antibiotics in animal husbandry is giving cause for concern .
Restricting the use of antibiotics in animal feed must be accompanied by increased research into alternative feed savers .
Whether they are used as a prophylactic or to treat illness , there are and there will remain antibiotics that carry a risk of resistance .
However that does not mean that we are already there because , when you come to assess the plans , there are still a lot of points to consider .
Or , do not be so apathetic , go and set up a business !
Mr President , of course I thank Mr Cook for that particularly detailed response to Mr Spencer 's report , but I am surprised that there has been absolutely no reaction from the Presidency , and I would like to know why not , to the debate on Cardiff .
The Union is withdrawing into its shell .
Experience will show how much Amsterdam has delivered .
Yet I think that the answer from Mr Cook contains a large element of truth , in that the core problem is a lack of political will among the Member States actually to achieve a common foreign policy .
That was the picture shortly after the achievement of majority rule .
We have to realize that .
This means that every Member State must give some ground .
But the result can be a real agreement .
The dual approach of South Africa involving qualified membership of the Lomé Convention and bilateral negotiations geared to free trade is the right one .
There must be more control of arms flows .
Secondly , protectionism with regard to certain finished products from South Africa .
We are counting on the British Presidency to know clearly how to play things , but we also know that the resistance does not emanate from the Commission and it is not Parliament that is resisting the agreement .
Because of the way the Maastricht Treaty is formulated , budgetary policy and wages policy are more or less prisoners of the price stability objective .
At the present time of course , inflation is not the greatest problem in the European Union .
Madam President , both the broad economic guidelines and the rapporteur 's work once again reveal that a number of measures need to be taken by the Member States and by the European Union as a whole after EMU comes into effect