At this point in time , we need carefully to assess what can most usefully be done .
It should do this in a way that avoids repetition of the exhortations , warnings and concerns voiced on several occasions in recent months .
Meantime , we welcome the fact the House has moved very rapidly to approve this association agreement , which certainly represents a contribution of the right kind and in the right direction in a peace process that is currently locked in a very difficult phase .
The reference to Barcelona and the next conference at La Valletta is necessary precisely in order to link the agreement into the process more generally , the aim being to create a free trade area in the Euro-Mediterranean region by 2010 .
Greater dignity and greater authority also mean greater internal stability but , more particularly , greater international prestige .
Along with other honourable Members , I was an observer at the elections and noted that , amid the bombs and the fear , Palestinian people are organizing themselves to respond to that appeal .
On top of all of that are the statements by the Italian Government 's undersecretary for foreign affairs , who has been mandated by the United Nations to command the mission and who considers it appropriate to sideline Berisha , although that is outside the UN mandate .
Those are all reasons why it is inappropriate for Italy to be leading a humanitarian mission to Albania .
In its resolutions , the House called upon the interested parties , in Albania , to enter into dialogue and called for fresh elections to be held .
For the rest , we offload our responsibilities on to institutions which are definitely not meant for that or on to Member States which are then prevailed upon , with great difficulty and although they do not have the necessary resources , to shoulder the whole responsibility themselves .
While we have to say that it would be unthinkable and unacceptable for two or three thousand Italian soldiers to go and risk their lives in Albania without the backing of a largely united nation conscious that this was a decision that had to be taken - and we welcomed what the Osservatorio romano , an organ of the Holy See , had to say on the subject - we have also firmly to condemn , yet again , the serious failure of Europe to be present and its tardiness to act .
A further positive element is that Italy is going to be coordinating the mission and that the other European countries participating in the mission have displayed confidence in Italy .
Commissioner Van den Broek rightly says that it is not for the moment predominantly a crisis , a humanitarian emergency .
Admittedly , there are armed bands and criminals but there is above all violent opposition , of a kind we cannot endorse , to the President for two reasons : his self-election and the financial pyramid crisis .
The European Union , and Italy in particular , have - in my view - a political and moral duty to help the government of national reconciliation restore a climate of peaceful co-existence and democratic normality to Albania .
I therefore accuse the European Institutions of having remained inactive and having thus betrayed their duty of support to the Italian Government in the difficult crisis in which it is involved .
In our continent all of the states are armed and only international authority is disarmed .
And since there can be no peace without law nor law without sanction , either Europe manages very rapidly to acquire a unitarian structure for security and crisis prevention or our continent is destined to remain a prisoner of the state of nature in which all nations are prone to mete out justice for themselves and slide back into barbarianism , as happened in Bosnia and is likely to happen in Albania .
Mr President , it seems to me that the fragile promises made by China are very gradually being broken ; whatever Mr Titley may say , Hong Kong 's problem is in fact China , and that cannot be left out of account .
As you know , this is a very sensitive issue .
That basically is the question I am asking you !
Lastly , it is important for on-board diagnostics systems to be based on minimum criteria standardized at European level , to operate for both diesel and petrol engines and to be designed in such a way as to ensure monitoring and real control .
The Commission has drawn up some good documents and some reasonable proposals .
We are critical because , in the final analysis , certain proposals make neither economic nor environmental sense , and fail to take account of other fundamental issues .
We are also being asked to reduce the sulphur content of fuels substantially in order to restrict emissions of particulate matter in diesel engines and ensure the optimal functioning of catalytic converters in petrol and diesel engines .
Indeed , atmospheric pollution causes serious illnesses and therefore triggers high social costs , and , unfortunately , despite the initiatives which have been duly taken in the last few years , levels are pollution are increasing , especially in urban areas , as a result of traffic expansion .
In the meantime , as I said , the Court of Justice has given a large number of judgments in this area , so it is a matter of importance that there is now this new proposal for a directive , which is actually based on the judgments of the Court and initiated through the Protocol on social policy , so that it should be easier to reach agreement on the final text .
Both the Commission , in its proposal , and