the one in Greece are not to be repeated .
For example , it is proposed that monitoring visits should be conducted on a Member State whose statistical data is under scrutiny .
The Greek statistical data , which , according to the news , were biased and did not reflect the reality of the economy , were an important warning for people to take measures to prevent situations like this one from taking place in the future .
The purpose of the strategy is to solve common problems and to concentrate action on achieving shared objectives .
The Baltic Sea and the regions of Member States that lie on its shores have the necessary capabilities to become part of and operate as pilot macro-regions .
These are seen as a set of territories grouped around common objectives and challenges .
Regional policy should be viewed as a long-term EU development policy which champions renewed competitiveness and employment in the Member States .
The structural funds are essential for investment in areas that contribute to improving productivity , and to economic growth .
On the other hand , this means strengthening flexibility in allocating EU funds so as to allow regions to fully benefit from the support for investment in infrastructure , supporting its business community , which is primarily made up of small and medium-sized enterprises , and in stimulating research and modernisation in the industrial or agricultural sectors .
With the 2006 reform , Objective 2 related to the strengthening of regional competitiveness and employment in a total of 168 regions in 19 Member States , which corresponds to 314 million people , with total funding of EUR 54.7 billion ( just under 16 % of total funds ) for 2007-2013 .
The report under discussion is not another attempt to absolve of any blame those who are really responsible for the economic and social crisis that we are currently experiencing , nor is it another attempt to solely accredit workers and the public for allegedly overcoming this crisis .
In spite of this , the specific case of Objective 2 covers more than 300 million people in poorer regions who are also suffering the consequences of this severe crisis .
Only in this way will it be possible for Europe to achieve effective , smart , sustainable and inclusive growth .
However , it is also important to ensure that there is a balance between the economic pillar and the pillar relating to the protection of passengers ' rights .
We should not forget that in Europe , there are not only large carriers , but also small and medium-sized transport companies , and we should take particular care over the latter .
This means that it is necessary to reconcile the preservation of economic viability for businesses , bearing in mind the special characteristics of the bus and coach transport industry , with a high level of protection for passengers comparable to that in place for other means of transport .
Today , we voted upon two reports that are extremely important to the daily life of passengers , and which aim to ensure that users of the respective services have a range of rights as comparable as possible to those already in place for other means of transport .
It is crucial that consumers are given effective rights to ensure that liberalisation allows for real choice .
Following the success of Community initiatives in the regulation of passengers ' rights on air and rail transport , we now have a proposal for regulation of passengers ' rights on maritime transport and inland waterways .
I would like to point out that safety conditions cannot be neglected and made relative in any circumstances .
Passengers with reduced mobility due to illness , age or any other factor should also benefit from exactly the same conditions as other passengers .
For these reasons , I voted in favour of the amendments tabled to the Council 's position .
However , it has been verified that Intelligent Transport Systems ( ITS ) are being used in a fragmented and inefficient manner .
The present proposal is for the creation of a legal framework for the implementation of Intelligent Transport Systems ( ITS ) in Europe in the sphere of road transport and interfaces with other modes ( global positioning system , automatic alarm system and traffic control instruments ) .
Bringing together and harmonising the full potential of the different information systems on land traffic , which currently work in a disjointed way , independently of one another , will have great economic and social advantages , and also in terms of quality of life , allowing safer and more environmentally friendly travel planning , and shorter or quicker journeys .
All measures aimed at simplifying procedures and exempting transport within the EU from unnecessary formalities are welcome and deserving of my support .
I therefore support measures to reduce bureaucracy which make the use of new technologies worthwhile and enhance the concept of the single European area , abolishing complex administrative procedures and ensuring further gains by reducing administrative burdens .
The achievement of free movement in the European Union also includes the realisation of the concept of a European maritime space without frontiers , in which the goal is to abolish or simplify controls applied to ships and goods within the EU.
It is crucial to have cleaner vehicles and more efficient transport systems in order to reduce this impact .
A suitable and efficient transport network is fundamental for establishing the internal market in practice and allowing the free movement of people and goods .
In terms of gross domestic product , the transport sector produces 10 % of EU wealth and is responsible for over 10 million jobs , but it also causes about 25 % of total CO2 emissions .
