Europe should , especially within the framework of the forthcoming bilateral summit , forcefully demand that the death sentence imposed on Tenzin be lifted and , in more general terms , call for a moratorium on executions .
Although this action in itself is not binding from a legal point of view , it does have a great intrinsic symbolic and political value and confirms the success of the popular pressure that has been exerted in recent days .
Who are we to say that the democratic good guys are the Kiev students and the bad guys are the miners coming to protest in Kiev ?
In Ukraine , just as in Russia , oligarchic cliques have seized power and produced a criminal state with the blessing of the International Monetary Fund .
Mr Yushchenko has rejected it .
The European Union therefore needs to go beyond all the talking and the statements of principle and make every effort above all to obtain a further derogation from the TRIPS agreement , pending a complete change to it .
It is part of the toolkit needed to defeat the virus .     – This year’s UNAIDS report on the trends in the epidemic has been even more distressing than in the past : the projections for sub-Saharan Africa and for its survival in the new century are extremely grave .
Now , at last , the Council and Parliament have decided to set up a new programme to promote safer use of the Internet .
Even the relatives of Ingrid Betancourt have claimed that it is President Uribe who is opposed to any humanitarian exchange .
The High Commissioner for Refugees reminds us that there are three million displaced persons inside the country and that 300 000 people have been forced to flee abroad .
World aid to combat AIDS has tripled in the last three years .
The social malaise caused by the reduction in the active population generates poverty , tension and conflict .
We do not intend to oppose those topics , but we just ask to be able to address the Cambodia issue within the debate on the preparations for the European Council , to be held on Wednesday , so as to increase awareness in the Council and Commission .
I am asking for intervention in this situation to bring this page in history to a close , as it is still an open wound left over from the Second World War .     . – Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the majority of the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe supports the Eurlings report because , apart from a number of compromises to which I shall return later , it essentially calls on the governments to open negotiations without undue delay and makes it clear that the aim of the negotiations is the accession of Turkey as a full Member State of the European Union .
It is about finding out whether we still keep to our word after forty years .
It is about finding out what our identity is , Mr Poettering .
Ladies and gentlemen , those are the stakes .
The opening of accession negotiations will be both a point of arrival and a point of departure .
As Europeans , however , we have a duty not to make concessions , because democracy cannot afford them , just as it cannot afford to sell values , human rights or civil freedoms cheaply .
That is the right response in keeping with the considerable progress that has been achieved in that country , as emerges from the Commission ’s thorough , in-depth report .
I would say to Mr Camre that my country has had the crime of honour and the annulment of the crime of rape through marriage as part of its legal system , but I would never dream of saying that it was due to our Catholic culture .
We Members have assessed the pros and cons and are united in the firmly-held conclusion that it is both advantageous and essential to give the green light to accession negotiations .
We believe that three commitments are necessary to achieve these goals .
The second commitment which we certainly must re-evaluate relates to having the courage to reject an easy conformism that ignores the European Union’s responsibilities in the world ; we must , instead , make Europe a point of reference and a model for those in the rest of the world who are fighting to defend human rights and freedom .
The first , of course , relates to the code of conduct for Commissioners and a serious approach to the issue of conflicts of interest .
The fourth and final point concerns a very complex issue , of which we will no doubt have occasion to speak again , which is the Commission ’s attitude to contraventions of Community law by the Member States .
Faced with considerable concerns over the excessively high rate of the euro and the loss of Europe’s competitiveness compared with the United States and emerging countries , the proposal could be to remove investments in infrastructure and research from the calculation of national budgets .
While the updating of the Lisbon strategy is being debated , however , concrete choices are being made which can indicate a move in a particular direction .
It has been a difficult passage , but we have got through it , and have obtained funding for reconstruction in Iraq , the maintenance of traditional geographical policies , funds for SMEs , information and research as well as resources for the agencies .
Ladies and gentlemen , rigour consists in transparent , effective and efficient administration , but it does not mean refusing to act with the leadership expected by European citizens .
The centre that was recently set up in Africa , thanks to important intervention by my country through the Tripoli agreements ,