The approach adopted here is , in my view and that of the Committee on the Environment , a balanced one , in that vessels are required to deliver their waste and ports are required to build facilities to deal with it .
This is why we are in favour of replacing the word 'substantial ' by at least 90 % , not because we want to have a precise figure , but because we simply want to make it clear that the processing costs are to be shared among all vessels , irrespective of whether or not they use the reception facilities .
This figure is already included in a number of regulations .
My conclusion - and this is perhaps more of a comment on EU proposals in general - is that all too often , the Commission and sometimes Parliament too put forward proposals that are difficult to implement because they do not correspond to the situation in practice .
However , even it has disadvantages for the environment , and busy waterways regularly show evidence of pollution from ships .
The success or failure of this directive will depend on the extent to which it is observed and complied with .
First , it broadens the definition of combined transport , which now applies not just between Member States but also within one Member State .
The problems of combined transport can largely be put down to variations in the services provided by the railways and the high transshipment costs which combined transport inevitably involves .
Allowing 44 tonne lorries means putting the infrastructure under greater strain , and the high costs of this make it unacceptable , particularly in view of the accession of the Central and Eastern European countries .
How do people intend to achieve the modal shift if combined transport is not given any advantages ?
The industry needs a clear and viable legislative framework , and it goes without saying that great care is needed in this new field .
The suspension of cooperation must be a real option if he cannot guarantee that the forthcoming elections will be truly democratic .
There are mutual recriminations , with each accusing the other of having started the trouble .
All the efforts of the UN , IGAD and the OAU have come to nothing , but I hope that they will not give up .
I have to say that the situation in this area of Africa deserves to be given our fullest attention .
He said Eritrea could achieve independence after a period of trusteeship administration . '
Quite honestly , I think that we should be talking about stopping financial aid , since it is obviously being used to buy Antonovs and Migs .
Our resolution calls on the judicial authorities at least to examine the application for a review of his case .
Like anyone else , this man deserves proper medical treatment in hospital , the prison hospital if necessary .
In many countries , people are still not free to express their religious beliefs in public or to follow their faith as they would wish .
But this does not make the attacks any less worrying .
In particular , it calls on the Indian Government to investigate the attacks of recent weeks and to try to prevent them in future .
The Liberal Group calls on the Commission and the Council to remain vigilant and to take account of religious freedom when assessing the human rights situation in third countries .
For example , in 1990 almost the entire Hindu population of the state of Kashmir , around a quarter of a million people , fled after a series of massacres in which more than a thousand people were killed .
The conflict of June 1998 has returned and people are once again fleeing in large numbers .
This is a pity , because it is often much easier to reach agreement at an early stage before opinions become too firmly entrenched .
The following order of priorities is used in the treatment of waste in the European Union : prevention , reuse , recycling , incineration and landfill .
We voted for Amendment No 18 , despite the fact that all the provisions on prevention , reuse and recovery have been dropped .
Article 5 of the Lomé Convention makes human rights policy an essential element of cooperation , and Article 366a which we are discussing now deals with the procedures surrounding the suspension of cooperation with the Lomé countries .
Madam President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , in this debate on the granting of EUR 20 million in macro-financial assistance to Albania , I think it is extremely important to look at the political and economic context in which the assistance is being provided .
Last November a new constitution was approved with a 90 % turnout , and a new leader , Mr Majko , seems to be making good progress towards guaranteeing independent roles for the president , the legislature and the judiciary .
However , in my view we must prevent Albania from falling into the disastrous vicious circle of being financially dependent on outside help .
Our group supports them in their entirety .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , it was essential to find another date for the mini-session , because otherwise the Commission would have had to be in two places at once - with us in Brussels to hear Parliament 's assessment of the report of the committee of wise men , and in Berlin discussing Agenda 2000 with the Council .
Parliament needs to be informed in the case of sensitive procedures like these .
That seems to me the right way to do things .
So we cannot deny them macro-financial aid .
These reservations do not mean that I think aid should be given with