push up the costs for what are often small businesses .
Ships pollute to some degree .
We need a different approach to establish a workable system for enforcing working conditions in all Member States .
It appears that at the moment , the Council sets great store by giving this social dimension greater prominence , given the debate surrounding the European Constitution in France , even though there are more appropriate arguments that could be used against this Constitution .     Mr President , it cannot be denied that the past European Council was actually dominated by an external factor , that being the referendums on the European Constitution that are due to be held in various European countries .
It is a complete mystery to me how it is possible to avoid distortion of competition or even social dumping with those rules , and I also wonder whether this is of real benefit to the European consumer .
Now it turns out that the directive is being put on ice for the time being so as not to give the French ‘no’ camp any more trump cards .
The European Left have discovered that social dumping puts the jobs of their own people at risk .
In the 80s , we were told how to improve our competitive position , and the 90s were about reorganising government funding .
As co-legislator , we will do everything in our power to make the free movement of services possible and we will ensure that this is done in a way that is consistent with the task of our generation , namely securing our social model with its three dimensions .
I even have sympathy for the Chinese when they question this as a political gesture and say that , in a strategic partnership such as ours , there is no room for embargos of this kind .
This may not have come across very well in the way the media covered it , but this was certainly something to which the Luxembourg Presidency gave its attention .
The President of the Council did this in broad strokes and with the emphasis on balance and economic growth , which cannot be achieved without environmental and social responsibility .
I also have the feeling that this with Parliament leaves something to be desired as regards integrated employment policies , in which area I would like to see a certain degree of consultation in future .     Mr President , I had proposed an amendment on the calendar with sufficient signatures and sufficient time to reject the entire agenda and ask the Bureau to table a new proposal , because the committees can now no longer function , and so this House’s power is being eroded .
We are therefore convinced that – unlike Turkey , for example – both Bulgaria and Romania will be welcome in our political community before long .
At a time when the EU enjoys little support and its legitimacy is fragile , it is important that the European institutions should keep to the agreements they have made .
I am therefore prepared to give both the Romanian Government and the European Commission the benefit of the doubt .
It was with grave misgivings that I voted for the accession of Bulgaria and Romania , because the reports about corruption in Romania in particular give me no reassurance about the suitability of this country for membership of the European Union .
I am very afraid that this enlargement fatigue will in particular have repercussions on our Balkan policy .
If the European Union is good at anything , it is in the fostering of economic ties between these countries and between them and the European Union .
This debate about the independence of Kosovo must be conducted under all kinds of conditions that are clear even now : no separation , no cooperation with Albania or Macedonia and respect for the Serbian minority .
States and population groups that opposed each other in the 1990s still reject domination by their neighbours but they do want to cooperate with open borders .
Representatives of Council , Commission and EUFOR reported the opposite .
I am therefore taking the liberty of considering in particular some matters that have been on the agenda in the past year and of taking a look at the future .
Apart from a material side , the development of the European defence arm also and in particular has a political side .
The prompt reaction of the Presidency and the good coordination between Parliament and Council , and the action of the High Representative and the Heads of State of Poland and Lithuania made a significant contribution to the positive outcome of that political crisis .
Such action would for that matter be in the interest of the whole population there .
This originality is above all that we want to take responsibility for both the civil and the diplomatic and military aspects of such a policy .
The prices of raw materials are rising explosively , mainly because of the huge demand from China .
Let me say first that I am a great advocate of the sectoral approach .
Which way should the European motor industry go ?
The motor sector has gradually made a lot of progress in the area of environment and safety , but is that the right way for the future ?
It follows that we should clearly define what we mean and identify the parties involved and , above all , ensure that the protection of cultural diversity does not lead to a set of standards derived from ideology being imposed from the top down .
If the EU were to continue to refer to Macedonia by a different name , that would amount to unfair and discriminatory treatment meted out to what may one day be one of its Member States .    