people and letting them know that we are watching closely the current events in the country 's political system .
At this point we should be clearly saying to the newly elected members that we here will still be watching to see how they support an independent judiciary in their country , capable of prosecuting this crime since that does not just depend on the government , it also depends on the parliament .
The way that a football world championship binds peoples together has a quite special significance .
Perhaps there will come a day when we will be able to discipline ourselves to show a minimum degree of courtesy on the day by listening attentively to the speakers whether they be Members or representatives of the Council or Commission .
Only then we will not fail to agree on a system as quickly as possible in which we will establish operational criteria that will enable us to arrive at a proper criminal prosecution under Community law , which will then be supplemented by cooperation between police forces .
First , the administration of agreements on mutual judicial assistance must be radically improved .
I should like to refer to the general report which occupied us in two sittings last year .
Measures must be taken here to compensate for this and , when all is said and done , the best advisors there can be are the women in these countries themselves .
In the Commission 's proposal for a regulation before us today , residual customs duties applicable to the Czech Republic being now practically non-existent , state aids will only be acceptable to the European Union if they comply with their own rules as provided in Articles 92 to 94 of the EC Treaty on the prohibition of state aid .
However , the Commission will not be able to avoid giving serious consideration to harmonizing sanctions , because only deterrence provides protection against infringement , and only uniformity of sanctions can help to make the monitoring activities credible to the fishermen of the various Member States .
The Committee on Fisheries therefore supports Amendment No 1 , because creating uniform monitoring systems in the NAFO area is a further step towards a conflict-free future .
They are much too weak , whether policy or security is at stake .
If MGP IV is to yield the successful outcome we are seeking - and here I agree with the rapporteur - the Commission must use effective instruments which are not dependent on the Member States ' good will .
It seems that there are not enough incentives to achieve the goals set .
The recognition directive , which is supposed to give architects professional freedom of movement within the Union , is an example of hair-raising slackness and ponderousness which it is hard to top .
At the very least it is an extremely difficult conundrum to solve , and the solution varies from case to case .
In the design of the course , great value is explicitly attached to efficiency and a high level of practicality , and also to cultural aspects .
For some time now , reporting has been systematically cut back .
That is why we need rational discussion and a study on the social impact , to which this House must of course be able to give its backing .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , tourism has a long tradition in Austria and has become the economic mainstay of many regions .
For disabled people , freedom of movement is basically only a dream .
Mr President , what is going on ?
If the Council has voted 14 : 1 against the more sensible solution , but in favour of the superbox , this means that there is no wish to achieve increased control and hence improved road safety .
You can just imagine the way things might develop for us under certain conditions !
I welcome it regardless of who the culprits are !
I do not know if you have ever had a puppy that has gone romping through the fields - on four legs .
In its annual report on the 1996 financial year in respect of the agriculture sector , the Court of Auditors touches on several areas in which irregularities have been discovered .
Not only a loss in confidence between a few Members of the Committee on Budgetary Control and the Commission .
The call for computerization was the central demand of the first Committee of Inquiry set up by this Parliament .
Deadlines were set and then extended and all the time we were told " we are on the way , we will have an impact on the Member States , we will get results ' .
If you fail to convince us , or if you do not win or regain our trust , then no-one in this European Union will trust you in the future , for you yourselves cannot be voted in or out of office .
If the Commission fails to comply with our demands before the September 1998 deadline , then the refusal to give discharge could ultimately remain in place , and this would be followed by a vote of noconfidence and the subsequent dismissal of the Commission .
They have done an excellent job and their reports have been unanimously adopted by the Committee on Budgetary Control .
Nor are their officials any better or worse than our own .
However , this method can surely only be used once .
Ladies and gentlemen of the Commission , I believe that this opinion demonstrates a remoteness and an arrogance which the citizens of Europe call Brussels bureaucracy .
However , the reports have also shown that there are many weaknesses and deficiencies which we cannot ignore .
This indicates how seriously Parliament is taking this particular theme