Furthermore , it is distorting competition between European industries .
First of all , they reduce emissions and limit the use of resources , thereby contributing to long-term improvements to the security of energy supply in the European Union .
It clarifies and upgrades the role of BAT reference documents ( BREF ) in the application of legislation .
This makes the licensing terms of businesses throughout the European Union more similar and , by extension , achieves greater convergence in conditions of competition .
We must support the approval procedure and the institution of the BREF in general .
At the same time , for certain sectors of industry which have a particularly serious environmental impact , minimum mandatory requirements must be set at European Union level .
Minimum standards should be adopted only if and inasmuch as they are necessary and warranted from an environmental point of view .
Provision is made to apply them in 2016 .
That is why the proposal merges seven current legislative acts into one directive .
The proposal tabled will simplify the current legislation and , at the same time , will strengthen the application framework for the best available techniques .
Particularly important in my opinion is the requirement that every initiative or document designed to somehow influence the decision-making procedure must be published .
At least the same level of transparency should also be provided at national level by the Member States for their citizens on the basis of an express requirement in the European Parliament report , a call which we hope will very shortly be adopted by governments and national parliaments . 1 .
Next steps in border management in the EU ( 5 .
Cooperation between the courts of the Member States in the taking of evidence in civil or commercial matters 9 .
This directive concerns more than 52 000 industrial plants which account for a large proportion of emissions in the Member States of the EU and are even jointly responsible for the failure to achieve the targets set by the European Commission itself for reducing atmospheric pollution .
When food is produced on the basis of the profit criterion rather than to satisfy grassroots requirements and the production and sale of food are concentrated in fewer and fewer hands and are determined by food multinationals and cartels ( choices which characterise the policy of the EU and of the governments of the Member States ) , then food can be neither cheap nor of good quality .
The classification of food on the basis of quality is food differentiation on the basis of class in keeping with the market rationale ' first-class food for high incomes and second-class food for working class families .
Farmers of small and medium-sized holdings have every interest in opposing the CAP and the EU and their being sold off to big business , as well as in joining the Greek Communist Party and the Workers ' Rally , the workers and the self-employed in the social alliance , to overturn the sovereignty and power of the monopolies .
We know that countries which have bilateral relations can have the family connection .
It is therefore hypocritical of us to say that we have no evidence .
If one part of the body hurts , the whole body hurts .
The motions call on the European Union to deepen the anti-labour Lisbon Strategy , to apply the Stability Pact and the Economic Recovery Plan and to proceed with the full liberalisation of the internal market .
The informal summit on 1 March confirmed the escalation in imperialist infighting and the united front of the monopolies against the people .
Moreover , the decisions taken at the summits and the financing of measures solely by the Member States highlight the escalation in imperialist infighting , which leads to a policy of 'every man for himself ' .
Turkey needs to comply with all its contractual obligations towards the European Union , as all previous candidate countries have done .
The European Union must therefore abide by its initial positions and step up the pressure , so that Turkey allows substantial progress to be made with the negotiations , stops the occupation and takes the action needed to clarify the fate of the missing persons .
I see in your own report , Commissioner , that the Commission is concerned about the harassment of vessels conducting research for hydrocarbons in Cyprus 's exclusive territorial zone by Turkish warships , and that in its conclusions of 8 December 2008 , the Council urges the avoidance of any kind of threat , source of friction or action which could damage good neighbourly relations and the peaceful settlement of disputes .
The report in question extols the Tribunal in The Hague which they set up in order to try their victims and exonerate the American and European imperialists of their crimes , a tribunal with fabricated charges , with parodies of trials , which resulted in the murder of the former Yugoslav president Slobodan Milosevic .
It refuses even by its presence to participate in the legitimisation of imperialist crimes by the European Parliament .
These changes form part of the more general anti-grassroots reversals in social insurance and social services being promoted in all the countries of the European Union with the active support and complicity of the centre left and centre right forces , which treat health as a commodity , a source of profitability for capital , and patients and their families as customers .
Their pay , in the public sector at least , is being cut , as is their efficacy , due to the choices of private insurance companies .
The central theme of the Green Paper is the mobility of workers and the application of the rules of the Bolkestein Directive in the health sector .
Only by fighting will the workers be able to secure a high standard of free services provided solely by the government , well away from any private business activity .
Today