sight of the fact that the issue we are considering today is actually very limited , improving and adapting the network of delegations , it has very real implications and , as I already emphasised , also affect the political and diplomatic spheres .
We call on you to suspend the project to shut down our delegations in these countries , also bearing in mind that the cost of maintaining these delegations is a drop in the ocean .
Madam President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , since it has not been possible since 1992 to achieve greater harmonisation of value added tax , the Commission quite rightly decided to go for a different solution , which is to harmonise and simplify VAT administrative practices , as a result of the work carried out by the SLIM ( Simpler Legislation for the Internal Market ) Group .
We must , therefore , welcome the proposal to replace this patchwork of rules with a single list of compulsory statements , which will mean , in practice , that a trader would have to comply with only one set of rules for all invoices issued to customers in the EU.
One aspect concerns an amendment tabled by my colleague , José Manuel García-Margallo y Marfil on the numbering of invoices .
The Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs voted against this proposal , or rather , tabled an amendment to remove this proposal .
Parliament and the Council have adopted a directive to ensure that use is made of this simplified electronic signature .
.
We must insist on a new direction , grounded in respect for cooperation between sovereign and equal States , in promoting peace , and in responding to people ' s real needs .
This week , the European Union is dedicating a whole Council meeting to it in Gothenburg .
From a lack of food safety to the growing resistance to antibiotics .
Before I state my political wish list for Gothenburg , I should like to briefly broach the institutional issue .
The European Union has an obligation to lead the worldwide debate on a new growth model , based on new methods of production and consumption .
2 ) The Gothenburg Council must give a political commitment , with clearly defined targets and actions , to correct the lack of sustainability in the European Union .
With regard to the maximum working time at night , especially bearing in mind the situation of peripheral Member States such as Portugal , the solution adopted by the Council is more appropriate , which stipulates ten hours in every twenty-four hours .
We are all thinking of the Erika disaster and other serious accidents involving oil tankers and the ship that spilled chemical products off the coast of Galicia , which have caused huge and irreparable damage and also deaths .
Mr President , I wish to congratulate the Commission on this second package of legislation , which is not starting from scratch , since the Member States already have technical skills , in their dockyards and shipowners , their scientific community , their operators .
Beyond this , many other risks remain .
This is certainly what is needed and , as many speakers have stated here , there are many potential locations for the agency , since there are several candidates which are all equally competent and well prepared .
Furthermore , of this total number , around 40 000 serious accidents are recorded and around 1 000 deaths .
Although we sometimes tend to criticise the positions adopted by the Council , we should give praise where praise is due .
Mr President , the extension of the specific programmes of support for agriculture in the outermost regions is a measure of basic need .
In conclusion , Parliament has done its job , having made a real effort to hold a dialogue both among Members themselves and between Members and those politically responsible for the outermost regions of the European Union .
It is therefore important to use this legal base , regardless of any reference to articles of the CAP , the Structural Funds or other Community policies .
Those that deserve special mention , for their importance to the Portuguese outermost regions of the Azores and Madeira , are the need to strengthen the specific support for the restructuring of vineyards and vine growing , potato production and marketing , the livestock sector , not forgetting the matter of milk quotas , and the measures for ensuring the viability of sugar refining in the Azores , as well as increased support for tea , in addition to specific changes for Madeira wines and support for wicker production .
I also congratulate the rapporteur Carmen Fraga Estévez on her report .
This will be the only way to ensure that road safety is encouraged and to prevent unfair competition .
Their application would in the short term lead to a concentration of production and the destruction of most of the small and medium-sized holdings , and would aggravate the situation of family farms .
In view of the good results achieved since it was launched , the profound qualitative change that occurred with the introduction of Article 299( 2 ) of the Treaty on European Union and the successive declarations of intention by various European Councils , one would have hoped for more .
In this respect , I must point to the opinion approved by the Committee on Budgets , annexed to the Martínez Martínez report , which addressed all these reservations .
A special mention , finally , for the proposed revision of Poseima .
I hope the Commission will accept the changes proposed by Parliament .
Renewal is in fact becoming less and less likely because of the stalemate in the negotiations and the conclusions of the last council of fisheries ministers