we are even moving faster .
As industry also follows the debate when a proposal is submitted to see what is in store for them , the five-year period would have to be complied with approximately .
The proposed measures can achieve the goal of an EU-wide reduction in the emission of VOCs resulting from the use of organic solvents in the biggest industrial and commercial sectors by at least 50 % by the year 2010 , by comparison with 1990 .
That is absolutely ridiculous , because it means that standards that already apply in Germany would only need to come into force in the EU 20 years later .
I also think that it is very important to worry not only about the health of the general population , but also to direct our attention to those people working in factories and workshops , and who come into contact with such substances .
But as this proposal does not deal with occupational health risks , we cannot accept Amendment No 2.
In particular , the European Union needs to achieve credibility among its citizens .
Unless Pörtschach clearly supports sustainable stability , an independent European Central Bank and a careful budgetary policy , rather than confining itself to the aim of speaking with one voice on the euro at the WTO and other international bodies , then I fear our citizens might under certain circumstances have less confidence in this common currency , or even lose it entirely .
After all , the citizen must be able to see that decisions are transparent and sustainable .
A clear 'yes ' to enlargement of the European Union , and under the same conditions we ourselves set in Europe , at a point when the countries concerned are able to fulfil these conditions , even at some political and financial cost .
We know that this requires a comprehensive reform of the EU institutions .
Pörtschach is no longer concerned with closeness to the citizens .
We have seen from a number of recent examples that if the European Union pursues a common , clear and definite line it can be successful .
I hope it will prove possible in Pörtschach to convince all the builders we have here in Europe - sadly there are not enough women builders - to apply all their different styles and nonetheless build a uniform , common structure .
Consequently , in an area of freedom , security and justice , that freedom must be based on greater solidarity , greater security for the citizens ; it must not founder on the persistent defence of national sovereignty !
Without it , the European Union will not manage to achieve Agenda 2000 and enlargement eastwards .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I am speaking as rapporteur on inland waterway vessels and wish to make the following statement in this context .
Mr President , thank you for your statement .
How can they prove it ?
Does any reasonable individual here or elsewhere believe there can be an acceptable outcome to the negotiations between Milosevic and the Albanians before the deadline expires ?
But in fact we let things slide for a long time , for a long time we reacted very little , if at all .
Allow me in conclusion briefly to touch on the ceterum censeo that we desperately need .
That is the Council 's position .
But at the same time , we must point out that the current economic situation and the prospects in the Latin American countries still look promising .
We are convinced this decline can be absorbed .
The key point of this debate , in our view , is to help prevent this overreaction .
Ladies and gentlemen , if you endorse our amendments in this regard , we would also be prepared to support your resolution .
How can we also stabilise raw material prices in the long term ?
We shall have to tackle the problems at their roots if we wish to resolve them and revive the world economy .
Certainly , the Latin American markets are future markets for us .
Careful regulation cannot be used as a blanket excuse for continuing to apply the deregulation ideology in the way it has been applied in the past .
I wish to congratulate the rapporteur warmly on his first report in this Parliament , in which he has endeavoured to strike a balance between the various demands .
He does so with such fervour and enthusiasm that all his friends who are watching think it must be so much fun to paint the fence that they offer him a few cents to allow them to paint too .
But he would never have been given a job in public television .
The competition rules remain in force .
As Mr van Velzen rightly pointed out , these are the real problems !
They are - well , I do not want to insult anyone again , but it is nothing personal when I insult you .
That means we can no longer lay down rules for ourselves alone .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , Commissioner , today we are discussing something quite sensational , namely that there is money in the bank and everyone seems to admit that it is in a sense money surplus to requirements .
In particular , this would enable us to strengthen the SMEs - which form the backbone of the EU - in terms of technology and also make them more competitive .
However , I will , of course , be voting in favour of this report .
Therefore the communication provides the parties concerned with a useful and sensible guide .
I hope that in future this will be a reason for many policyholders to be thankful to both the Commission and the rapporteur for their commitment to the freedom to provide services .
