Mr President , Commissioner , rapporteur , ladies and gentlemen , this debate concerns a specific issue , which is of limited reach and importance in the Azores , not wishing to make any comparison with the situation in the overseas territories or even in the autonomous region of Madeira , just two days after the Las Palmas summit of the Presidents of the Outermost Regions , which was attended by representatives of the Member States and the Commission .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the degree to which the European Union complies with the Social Policy Agenda is a major indication of its interest in resolving the countless social problems that still exist .
I hope that , this watered-down resolution of the European Parliament will at least be implemented immediately .
Amongst these , I would highlight item 21 , on the emergence - by means of the Convention - of a constituent power , albeit exercised jointly by the European Parliament and the national parliaments , the Commission and the governments of the Member States , and the outright rejection of a future Senate ( item 17 ) , which could , in my opinion , destroy the principle of parity between the Member States of the Union .
We agree , in particular , with the emphasis it gives to the fact that cohesion is , under the terms of the Treaties , one of the pillars of the Community .
This being the case , the existence of illiteracy is a negation of one of the most basic human rights , which is the right to education , and is also a barrier to access to other rights , because it prevents people from improving their standard of living , restricts access to the labour market , limits individuals ' freedom of expression and , consequently , their participation in society , and prevents them from enjoying the civic rights to which they are entitled .
Mr President , what stands out in the Commission document is , on the one hand , the acknowledgement that the backdrop to the Lisbon strategy was an economic growth rate of 3 % , which did not reoccur in 2000 or in 2001 as a result of the economic slowdown that took place and , on the other , the document focuses on two fundamental objectives also mentioned in the Bullmann report : fulfilling the objectives of the Stability Pact , specifically the 'zero deficit ' strategy , by 2004 , and the speeding up of those processes that are lagging behind .
First of all , it must focus on action , setting targets , timetables and specific actions to redress the lack of sustainability in the European Union .
This amendment is unacceptable , threatens the adoption of the resolution itself , and I hope , in any event , that the common sense of those who tabled it will prevail . \
It should be added that justice is only justice if it applies to everyone in the same way .
We should , therefore , take every opportunity to praise the objectives that have led to the creation of the Court , and these objectives should not be disparaged under any circumstances .
Nevertheless , fraud in the food industry committed in order to obtain export subsidies is rarely monitored and when it is , cases of fraud often disappear within the labyrinthine processes of national justice systems , and do not result in Community sanctions or a public explanation of the facts .
The particular nature of the Convention explains the specific characteristics of its legal and budgetary frameworks , revealed immediately by the very existence of the 'Fund ' , and by the fact that this is subject to exceptional financial rules .
I also hope that , by means of this budgetary procedure , we will remain associated with a Convention that could well make history .
It is also becoming necessary for all of us to start thinking about 'post-Culture 2000' , in other words , about the programme that will follow the current one and which will have to take account of its successes and failures .
It must also reaffirm the inspirational and high-minded principles which the Programme has obeyed since its conception , which cannot , for any reason , be ignored at the implementation stage .
This House ' s vote will therefore mark an important milestone in cooperation between Parliament and the Commission .
It should therefore come as no surprise that a report which is supposed to address the ways in which we can support the sectors directly affected by the attacks of 11 September ultimately turns out to be a reaffirmation of the prevailing dogma .
This is a very complex issue , which needs to be studied with the utmost seriousness .
We feel that this is not the case .
The reason why I have not carried over my support to the joint resolution is its enormous limitations .
The countries of the Union already form the greatest economic power in the world , but on its path to becoming a universal political body , the Union must not express its economic power by dominating the sectarian and blind ultraliberal market or by simply imitating the military hegemony of the United States , and these are temptations into which some European Prime Ministers are falling .
Our only demand not to be accepted was that of bringing down the weight limit of normal post from 150 grammes to 100 grammes .
The issue is that by the end of this year , it will be possible to end the monopoly of postal services that has hitherto been allowed to exist , and unless we are able to reach a common position between the Council , Parliament and the Commission , in 2003 the Commission , using a different legal basis , will be able to treat this problem as a case of competition within