In the meantime shortcomings in levels of cooperation and the flow of information between authorities are an obstacle to solving and preventing crime effectively .
Cooperation between the police , customs and border control authorities has not made progress in the way hoped for .
Together we can do more if there is the will among Member States to combat crime .     – Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I too wish to thank Mr Stockmann for drawing up an excellent report .
Standardised containers would bring benefits for congested Central Europe and , even more especially , to regions overseas .
The amendments are an attempt at ensuring there is compatibility with European standardisation offices and the prevention of problems with ISO standards .
Operators in the sector will be given the responsibility for designing the new container in detail .
If the height of the containers is to be 2.9 metres they will not , when stacked , fit the space currently available on present Roll-on Roll-off ( RORO ) ships .
Next year’s budget is very rigorous in terms of the administrative budget , as the rapporteur stated .
It calls for a new kind of flexibility in the areas of translation and interpreting .
That is why the administration should make a special effort to ensure that the posts are filled and the translation work flows smoothly right from the moment of accession .
In the new environment there will be an increase in retour interpreting .
To ensure the quality of translation work it will be necessary to translate from more than one interpretation booth .
It was hugely disappointing that it should have become the subject of internal disagreements in the Council .
This year’s budget at long last saw the implementation of activity-based budgeting as far as the Commission is concerned .
This way we would also be in a better position to monitor developments in administrative costs and expenditure in different administrative branches .
I would like to wish the rapporteur every success in his work .     – Mr President , Mr Kuckelkorn’s report is a preliminary expression of opinion mainly on Parliament’s budgetary procedure for 2005 .
When the European Parliament itself voted in favour of reviewing its own salary and travel expenses system , it was a big step in the right direction .
Germany , France , Austria and Sweden are now to blame for the justified criticism that the public make of the flaws in the pay and expenses system used in respect of Members of the European Parliament .
If there is Europarty support for the budget it cannot be allowed to impact on Parliament’s maximum total for administrative expenditure , resulting in forced cuts in other areas .
We are starting to pay for party support for the wrong reasons .
Europarty support blurs democracy .
The representatives of the ‘smaller ’ countries would have a double problem , as they would have to make themselves heard in a Europarty dominated by the ‘large ’ nations before gaining a hearing in a European Parliament elected on the basis of Member States’ populations .
Some Member States are under-represented on the parliamentary staff because Parliament has not properly organised staff recruitment competitions .
The Commission ’s communication on objectives relating to the participation of the young and providing them with information is an important step forward in the strengthening of cooperation at EU level in youth policy .
I , for my part , also want to thank the Commission for the work it has done for young people .
The large-scale consultation process that preceded the White Paper relating to youth policy was a considerable effort that eventually inspired youth organisations to work at EU level .
I am pleased that there was general agreement with my proposal to increase appropriations to youth organisations in this year’s budget , and the multiannual action programme to finance youth organisations now being finalised is also welcome as it at last guarantees a legal basis for them .
The young are avid Internet users and voting this way could draw more young people to the ballot box .
Enlargement will highlight the importance of pluralism in the European Union and , likewise , that of intercultural learning .
The Member States of the EU , both the current and the future ones , must provide opportunities for building contacts between young people from the predominant population and those from national minorities .
Europe cannot afford to let nationalism and xenophobia grow .     – Mr President , Commissioner , although education in the Union is the responsibility of the Member States , there are many channels in the European Union for the support of cultural education in schools .
They all encourage cultural creativity and mobility , intercultural dialogue and knowledge of the history of the European peoples .
I am pleased that the rapporteur highlights the importance of knowledge of European history and cultural heritage in his report .
With enlargement of the Union there will be a need to raise awareness of the culture and history of the new and the old Member States , as the report quite rightly states .
Investment in these is crucial to success in the context of the Lisbon Strategy , but culture and education have a broader function than just economic success .
They create a framework for people’s intellectual growth and mutual understanding .
I hope that the objectives set in the report are duly taken into consideration when the Commission is drafting new multiannual programmes relating to culture , education and youth exchange schemes .
There will not be much cooperation left if we end up squabbling over the partnership in this manner !
The eastward expansion of the EU and NATO will reduce Russia’s sphere of influence and its trade by hundreds of millions of dollars .
The Union