demand to promote democracy in Mexico - including the observance of human rights - but , as long as this demand is not followed up by concrete action , it is merely a case of empty words .
A democracy clause was also built into the old trade agreement with Mexico , but this was not complied with .
Pressure must therefore be exerted upon Mexico through international organisations such as the UN and via individual nations .
We are in favour of the drawing up of a Charter of Fundamental Rights in the form of a political document .
A Charter could make a positive contribution to this .
A majority of the European Parliament is therefore calling for the Charter to be of binding effect and to be incorporated into the Treaty , in other words for the agenda of the current Intergovernmental Conference to be extended .
We have already emphasised that no more obstacles should be put in the way of enlargement of the Union .
It is therefore unrealistic to expect the issues to have been resolved by December .
For that reason alone , we do not think that fundamental rights should be on the agenda of the current Intergovernmental Conference .
We have made this known in the individual votes en route to the report .
Whether it is subsequently to be incorporated into the Treaty in a form that is binding will depend upon an assessment of whether the content of the Charter would provide citizens with better protection than that which they have at present .
- ( DA ) The European Parliament ' s report on the Charter is characterised by one pervasive idea : the desire for EU citizenship in a supranational State , whether one likes that term or not .
The Union is , and should remain , a union of States .
This is not to support the view that those in power can do as they like within a given country ' s borders , but an expression of the view that human rights are nothing less than universal and require universal tools by way of protection .
It is therefore crucial for any EU Charter not to affect existing international conventions and declarations of rights , but merely to require that EU countries sign these .
We do not , however , see it as a solution for the EU to accede to the Convention on Human Rights as a juristic "person " , since we do not share the view that the EU is , or should be , identified as having the status of a separate politico-governmental body .
Nor do we support the constitutional process of which the adoption of a Charter is an integral part .
We prefer the Treaty to state that the EU' s authorities respect the competence and decisions of the Court of Human Rights .
The European Court of Justice should not have jurisdiction over areas already covered by the Court of Human Rights in Strasbourg or by other international bodies .
It is not solely a concern of the EU , and we must seek international and global consensus in international forums .
If , however , I have misgivings about introducing a new set of human rights into the EU Treaties , this has to do with the confusing signals which would in that way be sent out and with the fear that existing instruments which are operating well would be put at risk .
The European Convention on Human Rights is an excellent tool for protecting human rights in Europe .
It involves enforcing these rights on the basis of judgements given by the Court of Human Rights , which has developed considerable expertise in this area , as well as extensive case law .
The Convention also has the advantage of not being limited in scope to the area of the EU but of operating in relation to almost the whole of the European continent .
This practice could be affected if the EU were to obtain its own set of fundamental and human rights .
We also share the concerns referred to in the report about the situation in certain countries as regards the rights , for example , of asylum seekers , women and children and in connection with minority languages .
We are not in favour of the new institutional arrangements proposed in the report or in favour of the proposal that the EU should establish a common legal framework and a common policy on refugees and asylum seekers .
Nor do we support the view that the EU should draw up a new , legally binding EU Charter of Fundamental Rights .
An EU Charter of Fundamental Rights would not in itself help improve the human situation , either at European or international level .
We have , however , chosen to vote in favour of the report in spite of what I have just said , for we think it is extremely important to fight for improved human rights in Europe .
We are in favour of the report focusing upon the breeding grounds for racism and xenophobia in Europe .
It is also positive that the report should recommend that citizens of third countries should have better opportunities for integration .
We would emphasise , however , that we cannot support the means of combating racism and xenophobia that the report recommends .
Providing factual and objective information about cooperation in Europe has become very important in recent years as we face considerable challenges with the extension of the EU into Central and Eastern Europe .
There are many target groups - farmers , first and foremost , but also people generally , as well as everyone directly or indirectly affected .
If this work is to succeed , it is important that cooperation should be established with the farming organisations and also with consumers .
