the part of the Council concerning those of the Commission , but I gather that he has already had a response in a way , even if unintended , by Mr Seppänen , I hope I pronounce your name correctly , who noted that before 2003 , five billion was returned , and I can assure him and you , Mr President and fellow Members , that five billion has been returned before .
Certainly where the new agencies are concerned , I think that we have tabled a very solid proposal for the activities of those agencies .
Rest assured , we may be here as Dutch people , but we are not acting on our own behalf but as the Presidency of the European Union , which means that it is our responsibility to make the best possible progress in reaching agreement in the Council , at least where the principles and guidelines for the following multi-annual budget at the end of this year are concerned .
I live in Antwerp and if you ask me , the last time you visited the Antwerp port was when the debate about the previous directive , which was rejected by this Parliament , was in full swing .
The Commission is similarly grappling with this politically correct diffidence .
I truly hope that there is strength in unity in this respect .     Mr President , Abdel Rahman al-Rashid , the director of the Al-Arabiya television station , wrote a remarkable opinion piece in the 5 September issue of the British .
Today , we want , above all , to affirm that we are alongside people in a remote corner of Europe , but the debate on the mounting threat of a terrorism that spares nothing and nobody must still go on , both today and in the months to come .
Nor is there any getting away from the Chechen issue .
Different though our opinions may be about a conflict such as that in Chechnya , there can never be any justification for atrocities of this kind , nor should anyone attempt to find one .
In fact , the need for identical implementation also applies to terrorist organisations that have been included on the European list .
Mrs Thatcher once stated that she would never talk with terrorists , and yet it is thanks to Mr John Hume that the British and Irish Governments sat around the negotiating table , along with the IRA and the Protestant terrorist gangs .
On the one hand , we must protect ourselves in the fight against terrorism , but on the other hand , it is crucial that we join forces .
How can we fight terrorism jointly ?
It is important for the dialogue to be in place , but at the same time for us to clarify our values .
I should like to return to the image of the hand that is tied behind our backs , which leads me to conclude that we should be more emphatic in spelling out our values and the reasons why we fight terrorism .
Although the developments in Iraq have given us cause for concern , it is of the utmost importance that the European Union should support the Iraqi people in the coming months , and that we should not abandon , but should , in fact , keep providing them with support .
This Council ratified the European Union Medium Term Strategyproduced by Mr Solana and Commissioner Patten , as well as the Communication by the Commission with regard to Iraq , entitled ‘The EU and Iraq – A framework for Engagement’ .
All layers of Iraqi society were represented , including many women .
The situation in Fallujah is very alarming and over the past few months , what happened in Najaf and in Baghdad showed that violence is also bubbling away under the surface in the Shiite parts ofIraq and can explode at any time .
To this end , I had meetings with the President , the Prime Minister and the Foreign Affairs Minister .
During my visit , the UN representatives indicated that EU support for their activities is vitally important , certainly where the election process is concerned .
Fifthly , the development of weapons export control legislation , demobilisation programmes for militias and support for the ownership committee .
Resolution 1546 provides for this .
In practical terms , they are asking for a clear , firm stand on the part of all EU Members against the sustained involvement of Iraq’s neighbouring countries in the insidiously-growing terrorism on Iraqi territory , failing which , the EU itself will eventually be called upon to foot the bill .
As a pragmatic and experienced politician , I take the view that this draft resolution illustrates in abundance that our European Parliament and its groups experience the same difficulties as the Commission and the Council in getting to grips with the situation in Iraq .
We are all facing the very difficult task of leaving all of this behind us and of reaching unanimity about the future of Iraq , the Middle East and the world as a whole .
My second point concerns the draft constitution , in which Arabic and Kurdish are recognised as official languages .
We could help install a legal government , and ensure that , once that legal government is in place , it is also supported by effective administration .
After all , as has been said several times on this platform , stability in Iraq also means stability in the region .
That is our aim , and I hope that I will be able to report on the results at the end of our presidency .     – Mr President , I am surely not the only one who feels a little strange when reading the communications and listening to the declarations that were made a moment ago