, and I have unfortunately not detected any signs of improvement .
He knows that in the story the people rejoiced , but in fact the emperor had no clothes on at all , and this is what he must ensure does not happen here .
If there is an economic recession around 1999 , many of the EMU states will go into the red , and they will do anything they can to avoid sanctions .
As it currently stands , the Council regulation allows for the possibility of manipulating reductions in gross domestic product , and Mrs Peijs and I have tabled two technical amendments on this point .
I have to say that I completely fail to understand why the Commission wants this , and what its purpose is in calling for it .
It accepted this because it could see no other option , and it all formed part of the 'level playing field ' policy .
Then there are financial services and insurance , where we still do not have a single market within the Union and a great deal more needs to be done .
The costs of complying with the new administrative , technical and fiscal single market legislation also present a major problem for small and medium-sized firms , and I would urge the Commissioner to listen very carefully to what these firms have to say about the problems they are facing .
Strict management and discipline are required from the Member States if the single market is to be preserved .
This issue is dealt with in the Berger report and is also covered in Amendment No 12 .
In the interests of patients , doctors and practitioners of non-conventional medicine , we are therefore calling on the Commission to carry out a detailed study to obtain information on the following questions : is the discipline in question safe and effective ?
We oppose Amendment No 15 tabled by the rapporteur .
Behind this conflict lies a fundamental difference of opinion about mankind and what illness really is .
Freedom of establishment is the only truly European issue here , and economic considerations must not be allowed to outweigh the medical or ethical aspects .
This means that a large proportion of these people are still fairly young .
It does not mean that housing projects themselves should be given European funding .
There is also no legal basis for it , which is why we have said that we will not vote for the report .
So this amending regulation can count on our support .
We had an example of this yesterday , unfortunately again in the Netherlands , when something was decided in the Second Chamber in a general debate and all the political parties , not just the CDA group but also the VVD , PVDA and D66 , then asked the Secretary of State to consult the Commission about whether what they had done was acceptable .
If there has already been a general debate , then the matter will be dealt with by the Second Chamber very shortly .
There are two problems which are touched on in both reports .
Mr President , the subject of safety at sea has been on the agenda repeatedly over the last few years , following the various serious accidents that have occurred .
However , we shall not be supporting the amendments which introduce safety requirements above and beyond those in the STCW Convention .
Mr President , I should like to begin by congratulating Mr Watts and Mr Parodi on their reports , which are excellent examples of our committee 's determination to give priority to safety in transport .
I would ask the Commissioner to instruct his department to look at this study and then to come back to us with his comments .
( The President cut the speaker off )
Mr President , I have a point about the sitting on Tuesday .
We therefore support the idea of being able to table amendments and compromises later , at 8 p.m. or 9 p.m. instead of 4 p.m. , depending on the technical constraints .
However , what I cannot understand is why we need to decide which split votes we want by 6 p.m.
I would point out that in many cases Community law is introduced in a way that could not remotely be described as democratic , either because decisions are taken behind closed doors where no one monitors what happens , or because they are taken at a level so far removed from the man in the street that there can be no question of controls , let alone involvement .
This modern form of cynical and brutal colonialism is now being supported by a European decision which the vast majority of my people did not want and which has to be seen as helping to promote cultural genocide .
I should like to congratulate both the rapporteurs on this .
We should not forget that commercial broadcasters too have to make their living on the open market , yet they are just as bound by the provisions of the ' Television without frontiers ' directive - which is as it should be , but then they should also be given equal treatment .
I am very grateful to have the opportunity to speak to her today and to see that she has recovered sufficiently to attend .
The Community element comes into play as regards distortion of competition in the Community .
Mrs Oomen-Ruijten talked about airport zoning and aircraft engines , and these are indeed issues that have a cross-border impact and should be dealt with at European level .
Mr President , the European Union has been very reluctant to introduce rules on noise pollution up to now , which I can quite understand , since noise problems are usually localized issues .
