The proposed text remains vague and superficial and once again typifies the Commission 's policy . draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on Women 's Rights and Gender Equality . - ( NL ) Mr President , the Committee on Women 's Rights and Gender Equality was very nearly overlooked in this debate , but fortunately at the last minute it has been able to take its turn .
These developments necessitate more and more bureaucracy to make it possible to coordinate everything properly .
For years the Court said that it was not possible and now , happily , we see for the first time that the Court of Auditors too can change its mind ; it now uses a 'traffic light ' system of reporting - red , yellow and green .
It would be good if in future reports the Court of Auditors could explain exactly where this 12 % comes from .
To Parliament this means that the responsibility lies not with the Commission as a collegiate body , but that commissioners are individually responsible for their budgets .
I should like to highlight three points .
According to scientists , this will increase average life expectancy by a further four to five months .
However , even the new standards are not enough .
We recently voted on Euro V and Euro VI : cleaner passenger cars from 2009 and even cleaner cars from 2014 .
My position has always been that it is quite acceptable for Member States who are taking a number of measures but are unable to meet the standards to be given extra time to tackle hotspots ; provided , however , that much stricter standards are introduced in the medium term .
Therefore , I should like to thank the rapporteur , Mr Krahmer , most warmly for all the work he has done to achieve this .
In conclusion I can therefore say that I welcome the present agreement , and shall be voting in favour of it .
If the methods are too bureaucratic , as they are at the moment , that will not be fostered .
Why is it not the case that if private industry checks something , then the public authorities say 'fine , we will check the private industry schemes from time to time and if they are good , we do not need to carry out checks on the farms themselves any more ' .
At a rough estimate there are at present about 18 Directives that farmers have to comply with in order not to have their income subsidies cut .
The basis of the relationship has really changed : from domination to cooperation , from monologue to dialogue .
There are other disasters going on in Africa which are claiming many victims .
They are all very important but ultimately it is about the results .
In addition , fast-expanding and sometimes illegal construction is placing undue strain on the country 's water and sewerage systems .
I would stress today the importance of World AIDS Day and of our joint responsibility in combating this disease .
Half of all new HIV infections are in people under the age of 25 .
Europe 's youngsters of today were not around for the big public awareness campaigns of the 1990s .
The reason for this is the Union 's inability to develop an unambiguous trade policy .
To this end , they have increased the 2007-2013 Multiannual Financial Framework and used the flexibility instrument , and there have also been redeployments within the existing budget lines .
Now it is important that Montenegro become a normal state , rather than a larger version of Monaco : a paradise for rich foreigners wishing to pay low taxes , launder money and build palaces .
Large airports with an important role as international transfer hubs , or as entry points to major conurbations have developed into shopping centres , business locations for offices and distribution companies , hubs for public transport on the ground and tollgates to the surrounding area .
It would not surprise me if this resulted in more investment in smaller airports in densely populated areas .
In view of the harmful environmental effects caused by aviation at and around airports , the instrument of differentiation could encourage the use of cleaner and quieter aircraft .
I greatly appreciated the good cooperation with the Council , especially with the Portuguese Presidency , and the European Commission .
It means that the protection and awareness-raising of developing countries is guaranteed when it comes to dangerous substances .
I am also very pleased that , after a number of informal consultations with the Council and the Commission , we have reached an agreement at first reading .
This was only possible in fact thanks to the efforts and openness of our rapporteur , who was willing to listen to all parties .
As the PPE-DE 's shadow rapporteur , I am also confident that , together with the Council and the Commission , we have reached a good , balanced and practicable compromise .
In a situation like that you end up in the position that we are all in the wrong , that it has cost years of delay , though fortunately not at the expense of the developing countries , as the work carried on anyway .
Then there would not be too many problems .
That has also now been resolved by a change in the law .
At any rate , it has already become a toothless tiger .
A 'tom-tom ' system for agriculture .
As a Member of Parliament and an interested party , I would urge that the separate budget heading is retained so that we are also kept informed in the future and can be involved in the consideration as well .
This will not be without consequences