gentlemen , since the Russian military operations in the Russian Federal Republic of Chechnya resumed in September 1999 , the situation there has been treated as a priority by the European Union .
Furthermore , at the beginning of March , the troika of Union Heads of Mission in Moscow made a representation to the Russian Federation 's Deputy Foreign Minister , Mr Gusarov , to express the Union 's concern at the human rights situation in the region .
In the field of human rights , all the reports from the OSCE support group , from the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe and from the various NGOs continue to give cause for concern .
The Russian authorities are cooperating with the organisations active in this area .
This will lead to the holding of new elections in which the population of the region will be able to elect their representatives .
An improvement in the human rights situation will undoubtedly encourage the return of displaced persons .
The core of these values shared by the Union and Russia is the respect for the Rule of Law and the safeguard of human rights and fundamental freedoms .
Two days ago Mr Aznar told Mr Sharon that the Palestinian conflict could only be solved by political means under the premises of the mutual recognition of the States of Palestine and Israel .
It is true that there are violations of human rights , very serious ones , but the Council believes that there are positive developments .
I can guarantee , Mr President , that the Council will spare no effort , together with the Commission and with the support of the European Parliament , to achieve this objective .
However , I believe that Amendment No 3 on public services is positive and improves the report .
I therefore sincerely believe that the Group of the European Socialist Party has made an effort to achieve consensus which could be valid for the debate in various groups - in my own - and that the amendment it proposes is a positive summary of the situation , since we could maintain a consensus on supporting the bank and advocate that the Commission present a new proposal which , of course , should be debated in depth in this House .
Secondly , I am thinking of the grave situation in the Middle East , of the debate we held yesterday , of today 's tragic news from Haifa , of the meeting being held today in Madrid , which we hope will lead to a joint position .
Mr President , Mr Esteve has indeed prepared an excellent report .
I believe it is highly symbolic that a Member representing Catalonia in this House should today remind us of the Barcelona spirit .
This report and the meeting to be held in Valencia to deal with these matters are therefore crucial .
It might then be possible to defuse a possible conflict in line with the conflict prevention strategy advocated by the European Union .
I believe that the suggestion of setting up an Association Agreement for this area , along the lines of the one for the European Union , and allowing us to be involved is helpful .
I should like to focus on an aspect I believe to be of fundamental importance , namely political dialogue .
In our view , the war on terrorism also has a significant bearing on this political dialogue .
This is a key element insofar as there is a need for better recognition of the commitments made by the European Union and improved and more effective management of the MEDA programme funds .
At the same time , I am bound to say not just how disappointed but bitter I feel .
The European Union could never be party to the mockery of bringing together Euro-Mediterranean countries whilst the Palestinian Authority 's seat remained empty .
Setting up a free trade area might seem the obvious way of stimulating the economy and ensuring that the people of the southern shores of the Mediterranean are not dying of starvation whilst on its northern shores we are being killed by cholesterol .
International agreements must be complied with for the coastal nations to be in a credible position in relation to the Union .
In conclusion , the important role the regions in southern Europe are already playing and will continue to play with regard to Euro-Mediterranean cooperation should not be overlooked .
The mission to the Middle East did take place .
As I understand it , however , all this is simply a drop in the ocean .
I am glad more speakers from non-Mediterranean countries have taken the floor .
All the speeches do indeed suggest that the situation regarding peace and development is difficult and challenging .
Moreover , the draft has received almost unanimous support from the relevant committee .
I have endeavoured to explain this to our Chinese partners on numerous occasions .
Accession to the World Trade Organisation is a challenge the Chinese Government has been brave enough to rise to .
We welcomed a delegation from Tibet a few weeks ago , and feel that was a positive step .
This would allow for further reflection , taking account of the Council 's response , with a view to reaching the best possible solution .
It bears no relation to contemporary society .
Achievements in the areas of culture , society , health and economics mean senior citizens should be able to enjoy a good quality of life at that age too , and society should benefit from their experience and wisdom .
In addition , it facilitates mobility by recognising that pensions can be exported , as stated just recently at the Barcelona Council .
No situation is free from risk .
Further , the equipment is often incomplete or is incorrectly used .
