account .
To encourage , to assist promotion , to create statistics , to create studies and agencies to support those sections of the population which suffer discrimination .
So what we are looking for is cooperation between local groups , between local authorities and between countries in order to exchange experiences ; that is mainly what we are looking for , and for experience to be transferred from one country to another so that it can be emulated .
A month ago , the Commission submitted a proposal on equal treatment in employment , as prescribed in the Treaty , in order to implement Article 13 .
Allow me to give you a specific example to illustrate this .
In the example which you mentioned , it is only logical that the teacher in a Catholic school should be Catholic .
I should point out that the funds available for regions with problems account for one third of the total budget .
With particular reference now to the question of access by women to the opportunities which are created , I would like to say , first , that there is , via the Social Fund , an entire equal opportunities pillar which the Member States must implement , i .e . special policies for women which must use Social Fund resources .
In order to complete the programme and be able to present it , we first need to complete our consultations with Parliament , the social partners and non-governmental organisations .
I have already told the European Parliament that a joint meeting will be held in April between Parliament and the Commission , after the Lisbon conference , so that all aspects can be discussed and the social programme for 2000-2006 can finally be drafted .
Social exclusion , the programme for women , the efforts we are making in the social protection area , everything needs to be looked at now in the light of the new reality of the information society .
On 26 November 1999 , the European Commission approved a package of measures to combat discrimination .
The European Commission has approved a proposal for a directive on special arrangements in buses , coaches and other vehicles , so that people with special needs with mobility problems and people using wheelchairs have access to them .
It has not yet been passed by the Council ; it is at the consultation stage .
The European Union posting of workers directive stipulates that the compulsory rules concerning the terms and conditions of employment applicable in the host country must also apply to workers posted to that country .
In other words , to put it simply , Denmark has a choice : it can either introduce legislation or it can use the legislative process to choose a collective agreement and legally activate it .
It is not only Denmark which has matters pending .
Without wishing to ignore the progress which has been made , we , the European Parliament , would like to draw your attention to the unwillingness on the part of the Council to implement these decisions in many areas , as well as its lack of common vision and , in particular , the lack of transparency and cooperation with the European Parliament .
Do you intend to press for a common policy for asylum and immigration ?
Nevertheless , rumour has it that it plans to buy Candu reactors of the type acquired by Pakistan and India which were used for nuclear weapons .
Speaking as an engineer , I can tell you that we carry out tests to investigate the effects of certain risk factors in extreme circumstances .
That is our role and this is the point of my question .
After all , examining the issue of transparency in the ways the institutions operate should never be hidden away under any old heading or confined to some lobby or other - though I know full well the importance of these lobbies .
I believe - as I think we all do - that Portugal , its former president , Mr Soares , and its government , maintained a cautious and middle-of-the-road stance during the bombings in the Balkans .
The United Nation ' s , and Mr Kouchner ' s , mission in Kosovo ended in failure .
This failure is illustrated by the fact that after an entire war that was waged to put an end to ethnic cleansing , we now have ethnic cleansing from the opposite side .
Mr President-in-Office of the Council , you have talked a lot about the future , about what the Commission will do , and what the Presidency will do in Lisbon , etc .
I do not see how you could , with the views that you hold , provide any answers .
I would like to thank the President-in-Office of the Council , and I would personally like to welcome him and the Portuguese Presidency .
Saying that the cultural dimension is governed by the principle of subsidiarity and that it is therefore national governments who are responsible is , I am afraid , just an excuse .
The fact that the public accepts such rates and does not just abandon all financial activities in a panic can be explained by overambitious expectations over future gains .
We ought to face it regardless of how difficult it may seem .
The work of the Conference will determine the structure and method based on which Europe will be functioning in the twentieth century .
This is because the Helsinki agenda is limited to consideration only of the three issues that relate in a fragmentary way to the structure and operation of just two of the European Union ' s institutional bodies .
Just as it also must not fail to include everyday issues which , for that very reason , are highly visible to the European public .
