of capital and exchange risks .
This is why we have retabled our amendments in order to ensure we have a kind of fiscal neutrality by which the resources in question are channelled back to the individual .
When tax on movable sources of income is so easy to evade , we should not be surprised to find that the tax burden on labour , which is not so easy to evade , increases .
The Union is in such a strong negotiating position with all these countries that any tax flight to them can be avoided if the Union itself has a credible system .
The code of conduct on company tax is operational .
Finally , it is my belief that it is not for us to deal with rate levels .
It must respect the undertakings given in the UN Framework Treaty on Climate Change .
We supported Amendment No 29 .
It is estimated that about one million CDS are stolen from the Internet every day .
People are looking to us to provide effective regulation , including on behalf of those who are not yet famous .
US companies are therefore deliberately placing Europe at a disadvantage and Europe will be accepting this if we accept the Barzanti report .
We will be falling behind , especially our industry , and this will cost jobs .
In the directive on electronic commerce we now have before us , the basis is the country of origin .
I will check it with those who requested me to ask the question .
This is why I think it is good that the Commission and Parliament keep putting these issues back on the agenda .
I hope that the Commission realises that my group at least supports its idea of improving the position of illegal residents too .
Very often they talk about solutions that need to be taken at European level , while at the same time rejecting existing European solutions and pursuing their own restrictive policies .
We do not want to be or to become a totalitarian state , but we want to adopt a pragmatic approach in order to deal with current problems realistically .
A European approach is particularly important here because the differences that currently exist between the Member States undermine not only the free movement of persons , as Mr Lehne said , but also , in my view , the rights that we grant to immigrants .
We are not defending quotas as such , but as some countries already have them , it is important for us to support them .
So I think it is particularly important that Parliament should today send a political signal to the Commission , and via the Commission to the Council , that we in the House want to tackle these two sensitive and difficult issues , and I hope that this will then lead to a clear signal being given not in five years , not in twenty years , but at the Tampere summit that we need solutions to them .
I do not doubt that the rapporteur believes in all good faith that growth and employment are things which can be decreed , despite the wealth of evidence to the contrary .
He spoke about the European Council as the ' Tour de France broom-wagon ' .
I endorse that view also .
The Bourlanges report is an interesting intellectual exercise , but we must not force the pace with giant steps but rather take the slow road like Tom Thumb .
Member States have watered down the role and the competence of the European Union 's democratic and judicial institutions , notably the European Parliament and the Court of Justice , and also the decision-making procedures for a period of at least five years .
We still do not have the final division between the first and the third pillar .
There are certain reports to this effect and there is a great deal of optimism , and we have also heard the Foreign Ministers of certain Member States say that it is time to set accession dates .
It is perhaps also true that in many cases there is a serious lack of knowledge about the Union , as also in the Member States at present .
I believe there is a danger here that we will not reach agreement on the financial perspectives .
I believe we must see this in relation to all tax revenue .
Parliament was also divided in its opinions .
My group strongly supports the Contact Group and the proposed draft peace plan , with a transition period in order to establish substantial autonomy for the Kosovo region .
This is a precondition which my group has always supported .
It is time all the parties to the conflict reached agreement .
He is right to call for attention to be paid to these regions which have just been described , and he looks , among other things , at the issues of trade and equal treatment with the ACP countries .
This sometimes results in bizarre situations .
Mr President , I should first like to congratulate the rapporteur on his work on a subject which he has presented so clearly .
Then we will have a better idea for planning our own work .
Strict definitions , clear targets and transparent procedures are needed here .
Mr President , the framework directive that we are discussing today and voting on tomorrow will be a breakthrough in the European management of water quality and quantity .
Anyone who dares to claim that we with our well-organised Dutch water management system can solve the water quantity problem ourselves has only to look at the floods that have overwhelmed us in recent years .
From an ethical point of view , I am wholeheartedly in favour of this