It is particularly galling that the decision to impose these cuts was taken without consultation with this House .
Export refunds are not a subsidy .
They compensate the food and drink industry for sourcing their raw materials within the EU at higher prices than can be obtained on world markets .
It is astonishing that the Commission chose to single out German fruit yoghurt , Scotch whisky and pharmaceutical products for these cuts , apparently for no better reason than the belief that these are wealthy industries which do not deserve assistance .
Other sectors , such as pasta , confectionery and some dairy products that also receive export refunds , have escaped relatively unscathed .
This is deeply unfair .
The cuts are damaging to EU industry and they will destroy the competitive advantage of our agri-foodstuffs sector and they will destroy jobs .
The Commission ' s scheme to compensate food processors for losing out on export refunds , by encouraging them to seek inward processing relief on a range of commodities from outside the EU , is both muddle-headed and inept .
Not only does the scheme encourage processors to import grain and other raw materials from outside the EU - once again to the direct disadvantage of our beleaguered farmers - but it also involves a mountain of red tape and bureaucratic complexity which will virtually exclude SMEs from this scheme .
The Commission must devise a new system .
Those food and drink exporters who through adding value to their products , constitute a vitally important part of the EU agricultural economy must receive alternative compensation exactly equivalent to the value of the export refunds they have lost .
To do otherwise will place EU food processors at a massive competitive disadvantage on world markets .
Export refunds are essential to ensure the international competitiveness of non-Annex - I processed food .
In addition , the food and drink processors in the EU purchase around two-thirds of all their agricultural produce within the 15 Member States .
This deliberate attack on non-Annex - I export refunds further undermines our farmers who are suffering their worst recession in decades .
It is also a direct attack on the fastest growing export sector within the EU , our processed food sector .
We are committed to 36 % reduction of export refunds over six years and we are nearing the end of that period under our obligations in the GATT Uruguay Round Agreement .
However , these cuts should not be targeted in such an arbitrary manner on a small number of industries , as the Commission has chosen to do .
Access to IPR offers only a very unsatisfactory and temporary solution .
I congratulate Mr Souchet in drawing up a good report in the face of Commission intransigence on this issue .
He is fundamentally correct in describing the Commission proposal as a temporary measure .
There is no doubt that the whole system now needs to be dismantled and rebuilt in a much more sensible and less complex manner , in line with our WTO and GATT requirements .
Mr President , I speak first on behalf of the committee and will speak later on behalf of my group .
In finally presenting this report to plenary on behalf of the Legal Affairs Committee , there are many people I should and will thank , but there is one whose inspiration I would especially like to mention because I hope it will set the scene for our debate tonight .
As a young lawyer in London in the early 1980s , I was privileged to work with a then elderly German lady , who was one of those remarkable German-Jewish immigrés who came to London in the early war years and entered the English legal profession .
This amazing lady not only qualified as an English solicitor , having previously qualified in Germany , but , as a true European of her own generation , she also obtained a doctorate from the Sorbonne the title of which was the mutual recognition and enforcement of judgments .
She inspired me with an interest in this area of law and as she gradually retired and handed over her practice , I became more and more familiar with the workings of the Brussels Convention as it came into force in the UK.
I hope she would approve of where we have got to today , and how the European Union is now able to allow lawyers to move and practise in other Member States by choice rather than force of circumstance and that by this regulation our committee will further assist a step forward in giving greater access to justice to our citizens across Europe .
I want to use this occasion to say something about the importance of what we are doing here .
The original EC Convention on Jurisdiction and Judgments of 1968 was an important landmark in this field of international private law , marking a departure from a previous patchwork of mainly bilateral treaties between various countries .
For the first time , by way of an intergovernmental convention , the EC gave itself a special , unique and comprehensive regime of recognition and enforcement .
We are now participating in the next important landmark in that process - seeing what was a convention become a Community act , a regulation , in one fell swoop bringing a previous area of private international law into Community law and more importantly into the internal market .
How fitting that it should be our committee , with its new competence in this legislature bridging the themes of legal affairs in the internal market , that should have had to deal with this new Brussels regulation .
The committee has been at pains throughout this process to point out and highlight the importance of the internal market dimension of this proposal which gives us a