I hope that Mr Prodi will become someone who is willing and able to undertake reform and who will give Europe ' s citizens new confidence in clear and efficient European institutions .
As far as we are concerned , this is one of the prerequisites if we are to come to a decision in October .
As Europeans , we cannot behave like schoolmasters in a conflict in South-East Asia .
Otherwise , what we will see is that although our troops are stationed there , people will continue to be murdered and driven out .
Mr President , I would like to put one additional question : I share your opinion and thank you for this clear response that the complete adoption of the acquis communautaire is , of course , necessary for accession .
It is responsible for establishing businesses , for all this is necessary in order to give the refugees decent homes and the chance to live in Kosovo again .
We need people down there to fulfil really important tasks .
We shall ask the Commission to take our side in accordance with the five points which were agreed yesterday , and in the weeks to come we shall ensure that the Council accepts most of what we said here , preferably everything , because we have in fact been working really quite efficiently .
However , the South-Eastern European Defence Ministers ' Group is already doing this .
Firstly , we have agreed - and I am very happy about this - that the Agency is to be in Pristina , but - and here I differ somewhat from Mrs Van der Laan - that Thessaloniki is definitely the appropriate location for regional co-operation organised at a higher level and for the reconstruction of the region as whole .
The European Union must make sure that there is co-operation between all ethnic groups in the region as a whole .
About 15 days ago , the UN' s special envoy , Mr Kouchner , introduced a new currency to Kosovo .
Above all , there should be no reductions in the budget , and discussions about the programme ' s legal basis should not further obstruct its submission .
We must be made a part of this .
We Independents are in favour of transparent and efficient budget planning and supervision .
I find it shameful , in fact , that a statement on an important question is being made here and yet so few Members of Parliament are present .
It is indeed a rare coincidence that legal proceedings , whose fairness and rectitude I am not one hundred percent convinced of , and a conviction , of which , for fundamental reasons , I am even less convinced , specifically the death sentence against Mr Öçalan , have led to the development of an opportunity to bring a dreadful civil war in Turkey to an end .
Mr President , the earthquake in Turkey is clearly one of the most dreadful disasters of this century .
That is an outrageous lie !
Only then is the way clear for serious democratic changes in Turkey and for appropriate aid which is actually delivered to the victims .
We were then reasonable and came to an understanding , and it is now our job to help people there in their development , which may perhaps run a similar course , but which can in any case offer them the possibility of a future , in which their existence is secure , and where they can take control of their own destiny .
For there is a real danger that extremist forces may use this to bring about a state of emergency in Russia .
The Serbian regime leaves us no formal means to do this .
Madam Present , in the past our Parliament has looked very critically at the situation in Algeria , but our Parliament was also the first which sought contact and dialogue with the Algerian Parliament .
We Members of Parliament are also , by nature , very undisciplined and chat in the aisle , or stand right in front of the exits and talk to each other .
You recall that it was mentioned , and now it has also been decided , that the safety of the building should be retested twice a year , that is , every six months .
I am just 1.60 m tall .
There is no newspaper stand nearby .
I think , however , we should take care not to put all the defects down to the architects , but we should rather look into our own court .
In addition , I would like to have an energy efficiency plan for both buildings .
As regards the concrete matters , I am of the view that this building is certainly very fine and worthy , but it is also necessary , of course , to make full and fitting use of it .
There have been improvements to the lifts .
In other words , we have plenty of opportunities to make improvements using this colour scheme so that we do not have to work in a building in which not only does black express dignity but in which an excess of black leads to depression .
It is inadequate .
In that case I would have left the Chamber and followed the discussion from my office , where I could also have got on with my work .
This is why we also wish , at some time in the future , to discuss food safety in the European Union with the President of the Commission himself , Mr Prodi .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , I am very sorry to have to contradict my honourable friend , Mrs Hautala .
During the last part-session of Parliament , we did not see any requests