, those who are in favour of safe and environmentally friendly nuclear power will have no alternative but to give their support to both reports in their present form .
The other theme has been the market distortions that result from systems of financial support .
There has been talk of the existence of other kinds of facilities .
The Euratom loan scheme has served us Western Europeans for very many years .
It is true that in the 1970s and 1980s nuclear power plants were built in Western Europe with the help of these loans .
Private investors were interested in building new nuclear power facilities so that a 1 600 megawatt unit would have had funding for the construction of a facility with 2 500 megawatt capacity .
It is interesting to hear Mrs Breyer encourage the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance to adopt a campaign against nuclear safety .
Earning one’s living from agriculture has considerable importance for those regions , as there is a desire to keep the countryside alive and habitable .
It also has its own cultural and environmental value .
In my report I propose that the Commission should lay down clear definitions and criteria , based on climate , the length of the growing season , low population density and outlying position , so as to ensure that the permanent handicaps of northern agricultural regions can be taken into account .
I wish , however , to ask a further question .
Although , let us say , 60 % of computers might be protected , there are always some which have inadequate protection , and the hackers and crackers can use them as bases and platforms for spreading spam .
I hope that Mr Paasilinna will be able to attend .
At the same time , obviously , as we are now establishing a Network Security Agency , a report on which Mr Paasilinna has already presented here in Parliament , this problem will also feature as part of that whole process .
Innocent people unknowingly become perpetrators of an illegal activity that also contravenes this directive .     – Mr President , how does the Commissioner rate the talks that began yesterday between the United States and Latin America ?
Cheap aid programmes would mean the lives of six million children under the age of five could be saved each year .
It is not true that if individuals amass wealth on a colossal scale it will benefit the community at large .
The rich oppose it .
It means sharing .
Capitalism thrives on greed , and so does poverty .
I believe that the report by my colleague Mrs Prets will help us make some progress .
This way of considering the matter should also be extended to practical action .
Internal market legislation has a partial impact on the mobility of cultural products , that is , arts and artists .
We still too often run into problems in this area especially as far as taxation is concerned .
Technology offers more opportunities and tools , but they must be harnessed in the service of culture , not the other way round .
I want to thank the rapporteur , Mrs Prets , for her personal input to promote cultural diversity .
Sometimes it seems that the further we move away from the EU’s heartland towards its geographical outer periphery the more sincere the Community spirit and greater the imagination for building a common Europe .
America’s figure for growth in GNP for this year is very much in a class of is own : 3.9 % .
The objectives of the Lisbon Agenda are slipping away and I believe that the entire strategy for competition is petering out .
The Stability and Growth Pact is beginning to creak .
For example , how significant will the EU chemicals package and the reappraisal of Kyoto be for EU competitiveness ?
The year began for me in South Africa , where I was working for the Truth and Reconciliation Commission which had been investigating the legacy of apartheid , and I would not want to see inequality , racism or discrimination on anything like the same scale ever again anywhere .
Amnesty Internationalpublished a report this week called , in which EU human rights policy came in for some heavy criticism .
Amnestycomplains , for example , that the governments of the Union’s Member States often do not even take the trouble to reply when it contacts them .
Major violators of human rights , such as China and Russia , just get away with it year after year .
What is needed is muscle and effect : I refer here for example to statements on human rights and democracy .
The new European security strategy will , meanwhile , remain without any sustainable content unless it is anchored to a consistent , coherent and credible human rights policy which the Council also wholeheartedly embraces .
He believes in the market .
If you have such a belief the best option is light-handed regulation , and the lightest is obviously self-regulation .
In ancient times the price of olives was stabilised by means of agreements made beforehand .
The market functions on the terms of the greedy , as do investment and the derivative markets .
The derivatives are the new lubricant greasing the wheels of the machinery in the speculators ’ market .
Accordingly , there is no stock market safety factor in the market .
There should be a stock market safety authority just as there is a nuclear safety authority or , for example , a Maritime Safety Agency .
A lightly regulated regime and self-regulation rely on the morals of speculators , and , as we know , speculators do not have morals .
Both financial and moral rights must be taken into consideration , the latter meaning authors ’ rights to have control over any modification of their works .
