, various financial instruments , involvement in international forums and election observation , which are obviously very important to us .
I think that everything indicates that this is quite the wrong signal to send , as Uzbekistan has not really listened to the demands of the international community .
The international community , including the European Union , requested it to conduct an independent , international investigation into the tragic and shocking events in the spring of 2005 in Andizhan , when democracy was well and truly suppressed .
How can we promote democracy when some Member States now want to end this ban on the exporting of weapons ?
It does not really work as something brought in from the outside , and that is why I would like to emphasise the importance of including civil society in the process , because that way , democracy grows organically , as it were : from the grassroots of society .
Finally , I would like to say that support for democracy should be higher up the agenda in the Union 's foreign and security policy and development policy .
Mr President , freedom of expression and an independent media are the cornerstone of democracy and they have to be valued highly and protected .
Like many others here , I am worried about the developments we have witnessed in some Member States , including Italy and Hungary .
This time I could not do so .
I share my group 's concern that , with its demands for Europe-wide legislation on media pluralism and ownership , Parliament would be doing more to destroy freedom of the press than to establish it .
I myself voted in line with my group 's position on the joint motion for a resolution by the socialists , liberals and greens , except on one issue .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , last spring , the European Parliament adopted the report by Mr Dehaene on the effects of the Treaty of Lisbon on the EU 's institutional balance .
In it , Parliament requested that future nominations for top posts in the EU should also take account of the gender equality angle .
Parliament 's position on equality is therefore clear .
The Member States , however , are in a crucial position here .
Mr President , everything that my colleagues here testified to concerning the current situation in Sri Lanka was confirmed when the Subcommittee on Human Rights recently organised a hearing on this nightmarish situation .
Yesterday , Reporters Without Frontiers ranked Sri Lanka number 162 on the Press Freedom Index out of 175 countries .
We must now demand that the representatives of all the delegated UN bodies be allowed into these camps .
We would just like to record that these elections are being organised .
Madam President , Alzheimer 's disease is a confusing illness that changes the sufferer 's world into somewhere unknown and perilous .
The illness also involves the suffering of close relatives .
As the population ages in Europe , neurodegenerative diseases , such as Alzheimer 's and Parkinson 's , are becoming more and more a public health issue : there are now more than seven million patients , and that number is expected to double in the next decade .
Medical science , however , still does not even fully understand the causes of the disease .
In order to compile the data from the research of private and public organisations and the Member States and coordinate their innovations , we need Community programming : that way , there is hope that more effective prevention , diagnoses and treatment with regard to these diseases will become a reality as soon as possible in practical care work .
I agree with my colleague , Mr Reul , that procedure and competence take second place when one is actually headed in the right direction .
We need to remember , however , that , in addition to research , Europe needs a more extensive action programme on dementia .
I would like to remind everyone that the programme is urgent and the Commission needs to get started on the action that Parliament has asked it to take .
Mr President , Mr Diamandouros , ladies and gentlemen , I wish to thank the Ombudsman and his entire Office for the valuable work they have done to promote good governance and transparency .
The post of European Ombudsman has proven to be a necessary one right from the start , and now that the Treaty of Lisbon is to enter into force and the Charter of Fundamental Rights will be binding , the Ombudsman 's role will be more important than ever .
Otherwise , we will not be able to speak of the rule of law , which we are so fond of talking and teaching others about .
The report is clear , concise and to the point .
Under the Charter of Fundamental Rights , every citizen has the right to have his or her affairs handled impartially , fairly and within a reasonable time by these institutions .
That has been mentioned frequently and it puts all of us under an obligation , and that obviously applies to the Ombudsman 's Office as well .
That will depend on resources more than anything .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , Minister , the meeting at Copenhagen will be the most important conference in mankind 's history .
There is , however , no time to lose : global emissions have to be reduced within the next 10 years .
I am pleased that Minister Carlgren also spoke of a binding decision and a binding international agreement .
The agreement needs to contain long-term emission targets , though it is even more important to agree on emission limits for the year 2020 .
EU leadership is now crucially important , as before