I should like to thank the Commissioner for his rather unspecific reply .
To my mind , that is a central issue .
In the performance of these duties , they shall neither seek nor take instruction from any government or from any other body . '
Mr President - and fellow countryman - being elected by the people is a position of trust , not one of providing services which are for sale to the highest bidder .
Those elected by the people should be paid by them as well .
By standing for election , we have declared ourselves ready to work for the remuneration offered by the state , and if we have other sources of income , those earnings should be declared , so that the voters can see what they are getting for their money and what other interests we might represent .
And it should create a scandal everywhere that gifts are now being legalized by the proposal to amend the Rules of Procedure which the majority in the House is recommending should be adopted .
It is particularly interesting that the Christian Democrats are able to distinguish between those gifts which have an effect on votes and those which do not .
Perhaps 14 days in a Turkish prison would make a stronger impression , but that can hardly be called a gift .
It is all very well for the tobacco industry to argue in favour of smoking , but the arguments must be accessible to those campaigning against cancer , so that they can provide evidence of the further damage to heath which can be caused by allowing tobacco advertising .
Mr President - and fellow countryman , as I can say like Mr Bonde - there are many lobbyists in the European Parliament .
They form a natural part of our work and contribute views and information .
The Ford report is a good attempt to create a set of rules which are workable .
The most important thing is that now , for the first time ever , we have rules on the activities of lobbyists , and we can always make them tighter in the future .
It should be a matter of course that there is public access to this register , in keeping with our idea of openness .
Even the new rules can be got round .
The new rules say to Members that it is wrong to use one 's status as a Member for personal financial gain , whether by letting oneself be bribed by lobbyists or by selling information .
We have waited a long time for these rules .
Today we can take a step in the right direction , and I really do hope that the right wing will therefore change its mind and that we simply declare what we are now concealing .
Why will they not go along with this ?
I hope that that is not the case .
Mr President , as in many other cases here in Parliament , we are in a situation today where we are good at identifying areas where there are problems , but may well disagree strongly on how to solve them .
The decision taken by the Council in 1993 on structural change , reorganization and the adjustment of capacity was then backed by a number of initiatives from the Commission .
Earlier today , I spoke on the trans-European networks .
We are in a situation where we need to see ourselves in relation to worldwide , not just internal competition .
Many good things have been said about the future .
I would stress that research and product development are vital , as I see it .
We talk about adjusting to the market ; we could also talk about expanding the market .
One point which I would highlight in Mr Caudron 's excellent report is the situation after 2002 .
The proposals from the committee are good ones , but the Commission should perhaps not ...
Now at least they are sitting down and talking to one another .
And then we read in the newspapers that Europe is moving into a crisis once again .
All things considered , one may wonder at the fact that Europe has survived .
Europe , this damsel in distress - and as a Phoenician princess she was indeed a member of the female sex - has been mutilated time and again by its inhabitants , and after the last major war in this part of the world , in 1945 , she actually became the lady who is sawn in two , with one half in the East and the other in the West .
Since then , she has been sewn together again to some extent , but she has not emerged from the experience unscathed .
The constant task for Europe and the EU must now be to detect and counter new dangerous situations , before they end up as full-scale confrontations such as that in the Balkans .
It could also be called a look-out post or a watch-tower .
I also see this as the philosophy behind a reinforced common foreign and security policy in the EU , but such a policy cannot just be seen as one of fire protection , designed to extinguish the fire after it has broken out .
I have to express my reservations regarding one point , however .
This must be taken to mean nuclear weapons , as I read it , and I do not feel that I can agree to this , at a time when we are constantly trying to do away with nuclear weapons , and when we are talking about nuclear non-proliferation agreements in Geneva and elsewhere .
As a little twist in the tail , and with your permission , Mr President