Why can you not see that ?
Madam President , as a member of the Committee on Regional Policy I will speak on the report by Mr Azzolini , whom I would sincerely like to congratulate on his work , which was exceptionally difficult because there were conflicting interests and - I think I need not explain - the issue of 'national aid ' speaks for itself .
In that sense , there is indeed a need for closer links and correspondence between the competition policy and the European Union 's regional policy .
We also ought not to forget that even if 66 % of national aid in total goes to the less developed areas , the considerable economic resources of some wealthy Member States enable them to subsidise areas which , even though they may be less well developed at the national level , are not among the most disadvantaged in the European Union .
A Union with huge differences in economic and social development between its various regions certainly can be neither credible , nor viable , nor competitive .
So the policy of economic and social cohesion is a long-term and continual process which , in any event , must be compatible with competition policy if it is to be effective .
However , I have a slight reservation concerning the extent of permitted aid for Objective 1 , which could have an adverse effect upon the achievement of economic and social cohesion , as Mr Azzolini very rightly and appropriately pointed out in his excellent report , on which I congratulate him .
The first reason is that we are in a period of very rapid developments .
It can , however , do two things .
Thirdly , emphasis should be placed on the tertiary sector , the provision of services .
Waste is an unavoidable side-effect of such activity .
Both toxic and non-toxic waste cause huge problems in all countries in relation to reprocessing and storage .
The European Union is fully aware of this need and has put forward a number of measures and rules for the transportation of waste .
Environmental organisations have set in motion information campaigns about the problem , both in developed countries and in those countries which accept waste for economic reasons .
We believe that the monitoring mechanism contained in Article 15 of Regulation (EC ) No 259/93 should remain in Article 2 because a simplification of the procedure would lead to major pitfalls .
I believe that amalgamating the lists of waste in the Basle Convention will simplify the implementation of the legislation .
I would like , President , to make a few comments .
As for incineration , it has been recommended to us on many occasions , and even by the Commission itself .
I would like a better response in relation to this issue before I cast my vote and declare that incineration is a way to solve the problem .
Who collects the tax and what is to be done with it ?
What kind of authority is to be responsible for landfill sites ?
I am not sure whether it should be centralised or decentralised , autonomous or independent , but it must be a public body .
The transportation of waste to sites which can financially justify this transportation is virtually impossible .
However , although these will go some way to improving the existing situation , I fear - and I do not here wish to make a prediction - that the future situation will not be radically different .
Madam President , I have heard the word 'prevention ' being bandied about .
What does this mean ?
Is it the individual , the citizen ?
Prevention through the management of the reduced amount of waste produced either as a result of recovery or through alternative waste management methods .
Take the bull by the horns and face up to the problem with courage .
Such are the multitude of lobbies which are milling around the issue .
First , nobody can disagree with the need to protect the environment from energy product emissions .
In a period of severe financial constraints within the framework of economic and monetary union , this will put increased pressure on the living standards and conditions of the public at large .
I would like to thank the Commissioner for his spontaneous reply and , of course , his colleagues .
What is your position on this ?
Thirty-two authorities from throughout the region , which have protested and which have not been asked about the project , have appealed under Greek law to the State Council .
This bridging project could be carried out differently - not via the Gulf of Maliakos .
Mr President , today the round of debates on the reform of the CAP within the framework of Agenda 2000 comes to an end .
If nothing else , wine has brought people together from time immemorial and has been an important element in social , cultural and religious life .
As far as an appreciation of the Commission proposal is concerned , it represents in principle a step forwards in tackling the problems faced by the sector .
In Greece , in particular , there has been a 35 % reduction , which is threatening the quality of Greek vineyards , as the abovementioned policy has primarily affected vineyards of local varieties of high quality but with a limited production capacity .
I would like to end with a word about the problems faced by island vineyards and vineyards in mountainous regions , especially in Greece , where production is dispersed over small-scale vineyards in just such regions .
Mr President , this proposal encourages and promotes free imports of wines and musts from third countries destined to be mixed with Community wines .
Tens of thousands of hectares of vines have been grubbed up , at