whilst there is no guarantee of two things - not one , but two - that the death penalty would never be applied , and that they would never be judged by one of these military tribunals that have recently been set up since 11 September .
On that occasion , the Council stated , amongst other things , that it had never vetoed the inclusion of Cuba in the Cotonou Agreement , but that it was Cuba itself that had withdrawn its request to join in May 2000 .
Where it is not possible to abolish the death penalty , we need to at least reach at a situation in which it is not applied , as well as a considerable reduction in the number of political prisoners and an increase in the number of ratifications of United Nations Human Rights instruments .
We believe that the common position is a negative thing , that everybody in Cuba , from the authorities to the opposition and the church perceives it to be negative , and that practically all the ambassadors from EU States in Havana consider it to be ineffectual and even counterproductive .
As I told you , Mr Martínez , during the negotiations on the Cotonou agreement now in force , which were held in February 2000 , if my memory serves me correctly , there was already a formal proposal by the ACP committee for Cuba to join when the new Convention was signed , with the total agreement of the Council of the European Union .
Mr President-in-Office of the Council , Mr Miguel Ángel Martínez and myself , who have both been in politics since 1977 , have discussed these matters a great deal and I would like to make one or two comments .
As briefly as possible , I would like to tell Mr García-Margallo that I basically agree with the line he has adopted .
During the ministerial conference on the reconstruction of Afghanistan which took place recently in Tokyo - on 20 and 22 January - the Presidency of the European Commission , in its capacity as co-presidents of the Union in the steering group for the reconstruction of Afghanistan , set out the Union ' s position to the other international donors and the provisional Afghan authority .
Over recent years , Taliban fundamentalism has hit women , and today its effects are still ruining the lives of Afghan women .
In accordance with this provision , it is the exclusive competence of each State to decide how it is to be represented in the meetings of the Council and who is going to be included in its delegation .
You cannot compare the German federal system with the Spanish system of Autonomous Communities .
Thirdly , I will say that there are no homogenous positions in relation to this debate , even in the academic field , in the views that the different Autonomous Communities advocate .
All issues relating to the regions may be dealt with within the Convention and the latter will make what it feels are the appropriate recommendations to the Intergovernmental Conference on the importance of the role of the regions in the Union ' s decision-making process .
I am requesting the floor for a point of order , if you will allow me , although I have no intention of taking up any debating time .
The European Union unreservedly supports the efforts to encourage all the parties involved to respect human rights and international humanitarian law , and calls on all of them to condemn the violations of them .
And the execution of Islamic sentences is not compatible with our notion of respect for human rights .
In fact , Turkey is drawing up a draft amendment of the law on political parties .
The Council will be sure to question Turkey in the event that the intended amendment of the law on political parties in any way threatens democratic freedoms .
This does not in any way mean that the Council has no concern for disabled people .
Question No 13 by (H-0005/02 ) : Subject : Appearances before the European Parliament and involvement in its business on the part of Spanish ministers during the Spanish Presidency The year 2002 has just begun and Spain has taken over the rotating EU Presidency .
It falls to each State to organise its representation in the Councils of Ministers and in Parliament in accordance with their own internal laws and constitutions .
Do not worry , Mr President , I am pleased to answer this question .
Mr President , Commissioner , we are debating the own-initiative report on the management of regional policy and the Structural Funds presented by Mr Pohjamo , whom I would like to thank for his good work .
We hope that our amendments will receive the majority support of Parliament , since they will serve to improve our Community economic and social objectives .
Mr President , last week this debate was dominated by some unfortunate news for cohesion .
The messages of Mr Musotto ' s project are clear : procedures must be taken seriously .
The purpose of the proposal is to extend the scope of the obligatory installation and use of speed limiters to vehicles in lighter categories than those currently affected by these limitations .
With regard to Amendment No 9 , the Commission could accept a study in the context of road safety towards 2010 , as long as it does not involve a separate report .
Finally , we will carefully study Amendments Nos 1 , 2 and 3 , which refer to the textual differences between linguistic versions , in relation to the definition of vehicles .
Both are based on the application of the second paragraph of Article 299 of the EC Treaty , which is precisely the one relating to the outermost regions