For if it is only in the TEN that priority is given to rail and waterways , then the other funds - for example the Cohesion Fund and others - will have to be looked at and checked with a view to their perhaps taking these new priorities into account as well for the sake of consistency .
The enacting of the law on the use of minority languages for official business was , in this regard , an important step .
The Lithuanian Parliament adopted a national energy strategy in 1999 .
These EUR 220 million I mentioned were the result of an international conference of donors which I convened jointly with the Lithuanian Prime Minister last year in Vilnius .
I recommend that you study this report , which does not of course state that we have laid down European norms , but from which it is clear that the European Union , as regards the safety of Eastern European nuclear power installations , makes demands that it believes to be justified .
That he occasionally expresses other views , views differing from those shared by the majority in Europe , is well known , but he is quite entitled to do so , and we , as democrats , must accept that .
I seek progress in immigration policy as well .
We Members of Europe 's Parliament , above all people , must be wary of rashly pigeonholing people by nationality and religion .
The Durban Action Plan is an important document for every State , but also for the European Union as a whole , which bears great responsibility in this respect , above all in the framework of the United Nations .
The position Parliament has taken with regard to the Commission 's communication does not , admittedly , possess any legislative character , but points in an important direction .
Fourthly : GALILEO creates employment in Europe .
Success stories - of which we in Europe can already claim a few - require careful thought , courage and decisiveness .
I believe that requires no further explanation .
But we are united on one point : we want it to be used for purely civilian purposes .
Mrs Langenhagen , you described this so beautifully as a confection , and Mr Savary used the word historic !
We should only think about legislation if that fails to work .
If we want the economic situation to improve again , we must take initiatives to get employment rising again , take initiatives to get unemployment to fall , and take initiatives to ensure our continuing prosperity in the future .
We need to pay particular attention to them , since after all they generate 80 % of the tax yield and employ two thirds of the workforce .
Madam President , at last spring ' s Lisbon Summit the Heads of State and Government set themselves an ambitious target .
I hope we have all learned something from that .
I have tried to find out how much is invested in the future in a big country like the Federal Republic of Germany .
Because of the current Community-wide exhaustion regime he can therefore quote two different prices : a lower one for countries outside the Community and a higher one for the Community itself .
For example , you order 'a Siemens ' .
Further to certain remarks by Members , I would again like to make it clear that our Rules of Procedure , decided on by this Parliament , make a clear distinction between Members belonging to a group and pooling their rights in it , and those who do not belong to a group .
I would counsel strongly against any inappropriate rhetoric !
Not only should Europol and Eurojust , too , closely cooperate , but - in my personal judgment - this close cooperation is best guaranteed by their being based at one location .
We salute the firm and considered attitude of the United States government .
Europe could be broken by the crisis now facing the world .
European effectiveness has hitherto often fallen at the hurdle of national sovereignty .
It is for this reason that the preparation for Laeken , with a rationally conceived Convention , is of such decisive significance .
The Miller report is evidence to the contrary , defining things that are self-explanatory .
However , in view of events since the report was drafted , I will not be voting against it .
Then they said : We want to put its principles fully into practice .
Look at economic history , where we see from the past that it has never yet worked .
Mr President , stability and growth are objectives of economic activity that everyone wants , whichever party or group in the European Parliament they belong to .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , we have had a very in-depth discussion of this subject today .
Some Member States , including Germany , have failed to do this recently .
The key points to emerge from this report are as follows .
Nevertheless , I agree with you of course that within the euro area and also as regards our common foreign and security policy we need to speak with one voice , both internally and externally .
And we also oppose the information that has leaked out about tax collection or the use of tax income , because we believe that there is no legal basis for that either .
However , you know that too .
If you can agree to compromise with us , then we can find a common path .
I also think that it is a particularly good thing that the European Parliament can call on the national parliaments to take part in the coordination process and I really wish to emphasise that point