then expected to sit down and negotiate with him .
I have asked the Commission to advise its representative to consider his actions carefully , because any statement by him may later be used against the Union .
Her detailed account of the major restructuring which has taken place at Ispra and , in particular , of the new activities undertaken by the Institute for Health will also be of great interest to the general public .
This apart , I should like to make a final political comment .
There is no reference to territorial waters surrounding the Rock in the Treaty of Utrecht , which justifies and legitimises certain British activities in Gibraltar .
I should like to thank the Commissioner for her reply , which was doubtless well-intentioned .
For you to reply to a question like this by merely setting out all the possible measures amounts to an abdication of responsibility .
Thank you for your reply , Commissioner , and thank you also for pursuing the matter of the Indian Government 's failure to comply with regulations on opening up the markets for leather goods .
I had therefore been hoping for a common sense reply , Commissioner , not a technical one .
I have a more technical question to put to you , however .
This has given rise to the problem of how to reimburse customers if it turns out that they have been overcharged .
I was concerned about its consistency in relation to the report I have the honour of presenting on Agenda 2000 .
In practice , we are discussing national contributions .
We are undermining European political integration with all our comparative injustices between countries , budget balances , cheques and cries of ' I want my money back ' .
As a result , it could be that the unemployed in Brandenburg are funding large estate owners in Andalusia .
It is 25 years out of date .
Both high safety levels and the elimination of technical difficulties can be achieved with this report .
However , the Commission 's proposal , as the rapporteur has already highlighted , was delayed and the procedure for the current proposal will overlap with the preparations for the Commission report on the fundamental revision of the guidelines .
Mr President , European railways need to undergo far-reaching reforms that tend towards liberalisation but that do not jeopardise their role as a public service .
This means that we must find ways to ensure that networks are maintained , no matter what their current uses and profitability may be .
The Commission 's proposal centred around three main elements .
The eight amendments we have before us , and which the Commission accepts , reintroduce the panel of leading independent figures back into the body of the text along with criteria that allow us to ensure the cultural quality and European dimension of the city 's programme .
However , I do not believe that they have told us anything new .
I do not know of any type of policy that can be implemented without funding .
In fact , this priority was marked by an extraordinary European Council , the Luxembourg European Council , and I imagine that it has not been forgotten in the Council 's deliberations .
In my opinion , it is not enough to have national policies to combat unemployment from now on .
It is clear that we need sustained and sustainable economic development .
The Socialist Group believes - and the President of the Commission also highlighted this - that it is extremely important to meet the timetable set for 1999 .
The Commission 's initial proposal was better in that it reflected a possible and reasonable balance , with the contributions from the Member States more in proportion in terms of the Community 's gross domestic product .
The best economic and social solution would be to introduce a fairer differentiation of aid : the current system is unfair as 20 % of farmers receive 80 % of the aid distributed .
We would therefore call on the European Council to postpone the nomination of its candidate for the Presidency of the Commission until after the European elections , and we would like a response on this matter .
The President-in-Office has left when we are in the process of debating a recommendation to the Council .
It is the Middle East for the United States and that is of some importance as it means that European politics are , in fact , looked on as subordinate to US politics .
If we do not , we will constantly be defending the aggressor and exonerating it , while asking the victim to remain calm .
This suggestion is far from being premature as Mauritania has been participating in the process since it first began .
As a result , I would ask you to forward this speech to the Council because if not , it will not be aware of this matter and the Stuttgart Conference is due to take place at the beginning of April .
I agree with all the points made by Mr Adam , which I will not repeat .
As a result , we have no option but to develop a system of widespread interconnections , to extend our networks and to also include , of course , the countries of Eastern Europe .
Mr Rübig referred to today 's Belgian newspapers and asked the President-in-Office if the Council had any reaction to what appears in the Belgian newspapers today .
They also said that had only been granted one brief visit to Mr Öcalan and that he was expressionless and totally under the influence of drugs .
If that is , in fact , the case , can I assume , too , that Mauritania will also be able to participate ?
