and ratified it will not go through until it has been approved by a vote of the European Parliament .
It deals with guidance for the associated countries relating to some agricultural sectors and connected with veterinary checks , the free movement of goods , phytosanitary products and fodder , and the requirements for marketing certain products .
Ten years on from the tragic accident , everyone is aware of the desolation it caused and despite the fact that false information was supplied to us and also to the Congress of Vienna , we know that in the immediate neighbourhood of the explosion there were hundreds , possibly thousands , of victims , and the figure has increased over the last ten years , perhaps beyond a hundred thousand , which truly makes us shudder .
Mr Lange has already mentioned the other power stations and in fact we are in a situation of extreme risk involving a whole series of other power stations in other eastern European countries .
Official sources put deaths in the Ukraine at 180 , 000 and birth rate , death rate and cancer statistics are similar to those described earlier .
Today the Ukrainian government has massive problems to cope with involving incurable radiation sickness with unknown prognosis .
Mr President , I also want to address my remarks directly to the President-in-Office of the Council , Mr Ferraris , to call for a more visible initiative by the European Union .
My group believes , and this has already been said , that United Nations Security Council Resolution 425 must be implemented and respected , and I would remind you that the resolution provides for the withdrawal of the Israeli occupation forces and respect for the territorial integrity of Lebanon .
There is a need to promote moral action , because if the European Parliament and the European Union are not in a position to combat racism and xenophobia , they will be failing in one of their duties .
The first is a general one on your complaint about the delays , Mrs Fraga Estévez .
Secondly , the actions of a United States court cannot have extra-territorial effect , they cannot have effect outside the United States .
That is a great pity , and I believe that the demand made by the European Parliament in the Maij-Weggen/Dury report underlines this .
I have difficulty answering you , Mr Posselt , because I have already mentioned the importance of this issue in relation to the enlargement myself .
Otherwise we would not be human , we would be divine .
It is my opinion , finally , that the Union , the presidency and the Council are unfortunately powerless in the face of this tragic situation .
The problem of the United Kingdom - a problem about how to decide on possible suspension in relation to possible violation of human rights - was resolved with an appropriate formula which was also considered acceptable by the United Kingdom itself .
But I want to say , and this is in my official capacity , that the clear intention of the presidency , the Council and , I believe , the Intergovernmental Conference itself is to be as transparent as possible in making its decisions widely available to the public .
This seems to be a very complex matter .
Mr President , I shall speak briefly only for long enough to thank the rapporteur , Mrs Oomen-Ruijten , for dealing in such a complete and well-informed manner with a matter which is technically not of the simplest .
Thank you to the rapporteur , thank you to the Members who have followed this debate .
Of the remaining amendments the Commission accepts the great majority and also thanks Parliament its effort at clarification through much re-wording which seems to us more appropriate .
That depends for example on the manual method , the computerized method and the contingency of various costs and prices which will have to be checked in implementing it , but as from now , Mr Eisma , the officials are available to give you the information in our possession today .
Harmonization ought to take account of this and that implies a certain flexibility in the list to be prepared and a calm and accurate evaluation of the whole problem in all its breadth and complexity .
It is significant and important that today all the democratic political Groups of the European Parliament are jointly expressing their own firm condemnation of that iniquitous demonstration and of any act of anti-Semitism , racism or xenophobia .
In the next few weeks the 51st anniversary of the defeat of Nazism and fascism will be commemorated .
Here , in fact , the road to peace lies in the first place through determined support for the institutions set up by the peace agreements of Abuja on 20 August 1995 , which remain the only legal national and international framework capable of allowing Liberia to find once more the path to development .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , I am speaking as chairman of the Interparliamentary Delegation for Relations with China .
I hope , however , that wisdom , strength and political richness , if only in the contrast and the variety of opinions in every Parliament , will persuade the authors to accept my pressing , cordial , friendly and fraternal request to withdraw the motion .
It is now clear that , given what this represents in financial terms , the drugs traffic and related illegal activities create corruption at all levels and the infiltration of criminal organizations into the management of public affairs and the organization of the economy .
It is primarily a political problem in the producer countries , because it is known that the cartels use their accumulated funds to interfere in the democratic and economic processes of their countries , thus controlling policy and taking control of key sectors of business life and the financial services sector .
