We are however against the decision to ban the manufacture of high tar cigarettes for export outside the EU.
As a footnote , we would like to see a real example being set by EU institutions by calling for a smoking ban to be enforced throughout their buildings .
Mr President , the abuse of alcohol by children and young people is a serious problem , and it is a growing problem , but for me it is not an EU problem .
The abuse of alcohol by children and young people is no laughing matter - on the contrary - but the problem falls within the province of families , the local community and the Member States .
There are sensible things in what is being proposed .
The EU must not dictate the frameworks for the cultural differences in the Member States .
We must respect diversity and strengthen the principle of subsidiarity , partly out of consideration for the legitimacy of the EU.
Mr President , I would like to thank the Commissioner , but first and foremost I would like to thank the rapporteur , Mr Sturdy , for an outstanding report , many parts of which I can support .
I would like to stress that a reintroduction of the 90-head limit will have very serious consequences for some countries in particular .
With regard to the buy-up scheme , I would like to say that it is not an aim in itself to buy up animals in order either to put them into cold storage or subsequently destroy them .
We can do this very easily for the costs associated with the intervention buy-up .
Nonetheless , we agree that the intervention ceiling should be abolished for the years 2001 and 2002 .
The Greenland Agreement is important for the Union , especially because it gives the Community the opportunity to enter into other very important fisheries agreements , for example with Norway and Iceland .
There are four countries that benefit from the Greenland Agreement , but there are even more Member States that benefit from the agreements with Norway and Iceland .
In short , the third country agreements that the Union has with countries in the north , west and south bring many advantages .
In this area , I would also support the ideas discussed by Mrs Langenhagen during her submission .
I share Mrs Langenhagen' s desire to apply the principle of 'money for fish ' , i .e . separation of the financial consideration for the fishing possibilities , on the one hand , and the resources for development needs , on the other .
On behalf of the Liberal Group , I have put forward an amendment to the effect that those fishermen who benefit from the agreement must also be involved in financing the agreement .
We believe that this principle should apply to all the EU' s fisheries agreements .
Mr President , the Commission put forward a good proposal - at least from a strategic point of view - and , at any event , it is a step in the right direction .
Industry has lobbied well , in the sense that it has succeeded in convincing certain Member States that the EU system will collapse if developing countries are given the opportunity to export just a little bit more sugar and rice than they do at present .
I will not even go into the subject of bananas .
Despite the fact that the EU countries like to use fine words about being advocates of the free market , protectors of the developing countries and a region with responsibility in the world and with high social ideals , etc . etc. , it is apparent that these kinds of words can generally only be used on special occasions .
As other speakers have mentioned , there is a kind of tragi-comic situation in the fact that the opportunities of the least developed and poorest nations are being discussed in Brussels right now whilst we are simultaneously having the same debate .
But OK , it is a small step in the right direction , and so we can only wish the Commission luck with the new proposal and the new communication on sustainability which also , after all , mentions agriculture .
In any event , it is absolutely necessary for us to get to grips with the problems associated with the poorest countries , the number of which has , after all , grown from 25 to 49 over the past 30 years , with only one country disappearing from the list .
I think that that would be consistent with the democracy we practise in this Chamber .
The Danish Social Democrats have voted in favour of improved European rules governing safety at sea .
We have voted in favour of increasing the number of inspections , of refusing all ships sailing with blacklisted flags access to EU ports and of requiring all new ships to be fitted with black boxes , as they are called .
Many accidents involving pollution could have been avoided by means of better safety .
There was the loss of the tanker , Erika , off the Brittany coast in December 1999 , resulting in considerable oil pollution , and the loss of the Italian chemical tanker , Ievoli Sun .
The oil spill in the Baltic could have been avoided .
The ship owners do not think that a black box has anything to do with safety .
A black box is very useful in the investigation after two ships have collided , as happened , for example , in the Baltic .
We cannot wait for international rules in the IMO.
We cannot compromise on safety .
We must have safety so that fish , birds and people can use the sea without being covered in oil and chemicals .
We have