themes .
We should like to see the social partners and local and regional authorities more involved in the process , and we should like to see greater focus placed upon the ways in which information and employment policy affects a broader public .
Last but not least , we should like to see pilot projects to increase information about employment policy at local and regional levels and help develop relevant strategies .
The Council thereupon accepted a number of Parliament ' s amendments , including those aimed at involving the local and regional levels and at involving the social partners more .
Against that background , there was a great deal of support in the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs for Parliament ' s re-tabling those proposals from the first reading that the Council did not accept .
That is because it is clearly characteristic of unemployment in the EU to be focused in regions and local areas and in pockets of poverty where there are islands of unemployment .
That is why it makes good sense to talk about local action plans and about the exchange of experiences and information from this work .
We have supported local employment initiatives by means of preparatory action , for which there has been a budget line called B5-503 , and it is Parliament ' s desire that this initiative should be followed up and continued via pilot projects under Article 129 .
Perhaps the expression 'projects ' is misleading , for we want , of course , to see a development of the methodical work carried out , that is to say analyses and studies and the development of statistics and methods .
We do not wish , under Article 129 , to finance projects with the project-oriented and experimental character of projects financed under Article 6 of the Social Fund .
On the contrary .
There will not , however , be very much of that healthy competition as long as employment policy and the 'Luxembourg process ' are as unfamiliar to people as they are at present .
Nor are there any other activities that might make the process and the results better known and create more grassroots support .
No, let us obtain a much greater awareness of results and objectives , so that governments encounter much greater commitment and a desire for everyone to achieve the results obtained in those countries which have most success in employment policy .
Mr President , I , too , should like to thank Mrs Jensen for a brilliant report .
Information must be provided about it , and the local authorities that are to help set these things in motion must also be involved .
That is what we are voting on today .
There are many good things in Mrs Jensen' s report .
Gradually , we have got the Commission and the Council to realise that local and regional authorities , the social partners and non-profit organisations are important in the context of employment initiatives .
That is why room must be made for local players .
That is why it is important for us to put incentive measures in place and for us to appropriate some money to enable us to learn from each other ' s methods and experiences .
That is why it is also disappointing that it has been difficult to get the Commission to agree to increasing the budget so that we might appropriate this money , and that is why we , in the Group of the Party of European Socialists , have naturally endorsed the need to increase the amount to EUR 55 million , and not EUR 50 million .
I also wish , in particular , to thank her for her understanding of the minority views that may be adopted by a Danish MEP in this situation , for we have a special system of consultation and cooperation in the labour market which creates problems for us from time to time .
We all agree , of course , that information and consultation and a good social dialogue are important .
It has become a part of modern management to attach importance to these things , to involve employees and to talk about learning organisations , so enabling companies to develop better .
We have had a long period in which it was difficult getting everyone to understand the need for revising this directive , and revision has been blocked by a majority of the Council .
It would , of course , be an irony of fate if common rules were to be destructive in an area in which matters are operating well .
I must say , therefore , that , on the whole , my group is able to support Mrs Ghilardotti' s proposals .
There is therefore a single point in regard to which we cannot completely endorse the strict rules indicated in Mrs Ghilardotti' s report but in regard to which we prefer to endorse the Council ' s solution .
Let us now get these matters implemented and not just continue to talk about them .
On the contrary , they are things that promote good business and competitiveness .
Mr President , allow me to begin by stating that I think it very important that minimum standards be set for informing and consulting employees , but that it is just as important that it be done in a way that does not disrupt existing national arrangements that are operating well .
That would otherwise have been the best solution when it comes to companies in the individual countries , for it is , of course , there , that the real problems arise .
In Denmark , we have no direct laws about informing and consulting employees .
This is specifically regulated via cooperation agreements between the social partners in accordance with the Danish tradition of greater freedom between the social partners