seen the last of .
And there was drug abuse , the horrors of Aids and syphilis and the problems of tobacco and alcoholism .
That would happen with or without enlargement .
You cannot erect some new curtain , some cordon sanitaire , to protect west from east and east from west .
Enlargement or no , it is in our mutual and collective interest that such problems are dealt with .
It is my belief that enlargement can help that process .
Since the 1950s in Europe we have introduced standards on health and safety and over the years we have extended competences and standards from public health to health promotion , tobacco to blood safety , rights from mobility of doctors and patients to human rights and laws such as those for mental health .
Pharmaceutical companies have been regulated , medicines for people and animals licensed , and a range of measures taken in research , dissemination of good practice , education and training .
We are building a compendium of directives and regulations on matters wholly germane to health , such as pollution , emissions of radioactive and other dangerous substances , waste disposal , water , air , soil quality , food safety and novel foods and product liability .
Now we are moving to a requirement for health impact assessments for all major legislation .
It is a long list and one that is often more honoured in the breach than in the observance by Member States .
There is a message for EU governments and indeed for the Commission : for governments on compliance and the Commission on enforcement .
More importantly there is a message for all of us who are interested in enlargement : we need to use all the channels available to us to support progress among the accession countries .
That is why my report devotes a lot of its recommendations to the need to encourage the Phare programme to do more in the health field and to bring the countries into partnership now in the health action programmes and other areas .
This includes bringing the European Investment Bank into the partnership .
Mr President , I want to focus my remarks on the orphanages in Romania .
I believe that the Romanian Government has problems in estimating the number of orphans who are presently in the orphanage system in that country .
In correspondence received by the European Commission delegation office in Bucharest from the Romanian Government it is estimated that there are between 100 000 and 140 000 orphans in Romania at present .
The brutality of the Ceausescu regime ensured that so many children were orphaned in Romania since the late 60s .
There are up to 100 000 people employed within the Romanian orphanages themselves .
This is a complicating factor when one addresses this issue .
I visited Romania at the end of July to see at first hand the workings of one of the largest orphanages which is in northern Romania .
It is clear to me that the institutional , ordered regime which operates in that country results in many long-term health consequences for orphaned children .
It was also clear that the staff who work in Romanian orphanages need further child care opportunities .
Many of the orphanages in Romania are old , antiquated buildings .
New , modern facilities such as those built by the Romanian Challenge Appeal are going to be needed if the quality of life for orphaned children is going to be improved .
I visited two of these houses that I can recommend to anyone .
I saw at first hand what benefit these homes - and they are homes - are bringing to the orphaned children .
It is imperative that the accession negotiations between Romania and the Union detail exactly what the Romanian Government needs to do to improve the standard and quality of orphanages in that country .
It is not sufficient to make commitments .
They must act .
I had the opportunity of meeting with non-governmental organisations in Romania which are working with the orphanages .
I publicly commend the work of these and , in particular , the Romanian Challenge Appeal based in Birmingham and others from Ireland supported by a number of people including Daniel O'Donnell , the Irish entertainer , who has pledged GBP 1 million and has raised that in Ireland and other parts of the world .
It is people like this who have done so much .
We must ensure that Romania is not allowed into the European Union unless it addresses this issue .
Mr President , as a member of the Lithuanian delegation I would like to support the remarks made by Mrs Hoff in her report .
There has been remarkable progress in several areas , but one of the aspects which was not covered in the report was equal opportunities .
We heard about the benefits of enlargement , and this is one of the issues where we can learn from Lithuania . 17.5 % of the members of Lithuania 's parliament are women , which is well above the average of the applicant countries and also better than many current Member States .
Lithuania has appointed an ombudsman to ensure equal opportunities , to which it does not just pay lip service - it actually enforces it .
As Mrs Hoff said , the major problem remains the Ignalina power station .
The Lithuanian government has committed itself to the closure of unit one , albeit later than originally scheduled .
This has been a difficult issue , but there is no doubt that the plant must close , and further delays are unacceptable .
In addition to the financial support being given by the EU for the closure programme , we must also provide support to develop a genuinely sustainable energy strategy