, to create total uniformity .
The question of complementarity between European Voluntary Service activities and similar national activities of various kinds has been solved in part .
We can of course question the justification of projects such as 'frog conservation in Provence ' .
With the proposed funding of ECU 47.5 million , the Commission can ensure programme access and the quality of the measures during the remaining 18 months .
As far as the assessment of technical need is concerned - and here I appeal to you , Mr Bangemann - we really must arrive at some agreement once more as to how this term is defined .
Perhaps you could explain to us how the Commission will respond to this Austrian proposal and when you will submit it .
The amendments which have been proposed , in the main by the rapporteur in the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Protection , were adopted by a majority there ; however , we cannot vote for them .
The views expressed by Mrs Jackson and especially Mrs Schleicher correspond broadly with the Commission 's position .
This is perfectly possible .
However , it is extremely difficult , for example because the issue of proof , the issue of appropriate threshold values , and the possibility , too , of a negative list are not that easy to deal with , not even for scientific committees .
I do not want to discuss the eleven amendments in detail , Mrs Jensen , as that would take up too much time , but our reasons for not supporting them should be clear from what I have said .
After all , we have already dealt with a range of points which would fall within the labelling directive if we agree on what you say .
If you label everything , you will not reach the consumer and then the label becomes useless as a tool in providing more consumer information .
Mr President , thank you , Commissioner , for your very precise reply .
Transposal is a very important catchword .
Commissioner , is it not true that you discussed the possibility of checking or rather reviewing whether the Union could not adopt the stricter standards of the three new Member States ?
There should be a whole series of such achievements .
I beg your pardon , Madam President , but Rule 112(5 ) , also says that you , as President , can establish whether there are actually 29 people here in the Chamber .
To name just one , there is the issue of how the European Union and the Member States intend to carry out their Rio and Kyoto obligations in terms of CO2 reduction .
It rightly says that it is better to introduce a charge of this kind , a tax of this kind at European level .
In view of climate change worldwide and also of the worsening of the European Union 's climate , is it not be urgently necessary to follow words with deeds ?
We must all hope that this efficient transport pricing will be implemented as soon as possible .
However , we cannot tolerate any interruption in the enlargement process .
And of course it goes without saying that we also need to make further progress with employment and economic policy .
The first is enlargement .
Bringing Europe closer to its citizens means more democracy in the European Union , more Parliament and more democratic structures .
Make your presidency a culinary high spot and serve up democracy , because people cannot get enough of that , it is the only thing that cures serious deficiency symptoms .
Some of the themes in the presidency 's programme are bound to be dictated in advance .
In their initiative at Cardiff , Jacques Chirac and Chancellor Kohl reminded us of the importance of bringing Europe closer to the citizen .
It really reads like a list of jobs not done in Amsterdam .
As you have heard here today , the confidence we have in Austria is equally great .
The EU should not run out of steam now that the euro is to be introduced .
Those are the deficiencies that people are suffering from .
It needs to be recovered .
I am sure it is evident that the European Parliament must have the last word on the ratification of the enlargement treaties .
If this clear division between the Council as executive and legislature is not recognized and this leads to a lack of clear guidelines , then you can decide whatever you want about subsidiarity , but it will not make any difference .
We need Parliament , the Council and the Commission to act as partners , and it would be good if the Austrian presidency could finally tackle this issue in the interest of democratizing the European Union 's decision-making processes .
When I say vital , I mean vital .
Here we see the soul of Europe , born out of a Christian understanding that every person is unique and inimitable , and I hope that the Austrian presidency will give a hint of the soul of our great continent .
How do you achieve that ?
That means we need to know what is available to us before the decision on the budget .
This should not surprise us .
Every effort must be made to achieve a peaceful settlement ; every effort must be made to persuade the United Nations to issue an approval , if intervention is necessary .
The political solution in Kosovo can no longer be the autonomy that was crushed by Milosevic in 1989 .
We must do everything to strengthen the position of Mr Rugova which , unfortunately , has been betrayed by politics , including those of the European Union , in recent months , even years .
