Secondly , although Parliament may have its arguments with the Commission from time to time , we do have a much better chance of exercising democratic supervision if the Commission has the implementing powers than if the Council has them .
This is because the regulatory committee procedure , coupled with the interinstitutional agreement , entitles Parliament to receive draft implementing measures .
And when - rather than if - we achieve codecision in this area , this will enable Parliament to require the Commission to re-examine the measures if the implementing measures are exceeded .
We would be foolish , as a Parliament , to rely on the Council ' s goodwill rather than on rights which we possess if the Commission has the implementing powers .
That is why my group will abstain on some of the amendments of substance which would alter the substantive details of the Eurodac regulation .
My group supported these amendments when the focus was on the substance but at this stage it is better to concentrate on the issue of whether the Commission or Council has implementing powers so that we in Parliament state loudly and in unison that our interests lie in backing the Commission .
That is the only issue that we ought to concentrate on now and , perhaps with some slight regret , we feel that Parliament ' s position needs to be slimmed down to Mr Pirker ' s points on comitology .
Mr President , I am grateful to Commissioner Vitorino for his work .
I speak for some Members on this side of the House in saying that there are concerns about this report .
We are not one hundred percent happy .
We wish we were not at this stage today , but I look at this from the point of view - which I share with several colleagues , that we do not want asylum seekers to be seen as criminals .
Criminals have their fingerprints taken and we need not automatically or in any way assume that asylum seekers ought to be put into this category .
Many of them are escaping from terror , from torture , from other experiences .
We want to make certain that at our frontiers they are not put through similar experiences and practices again .
I accept what Mr Kirkhope said a few minutes ago , that there are frictions and difficulties with the system which need to be sorted out .
Other colleagues have referred to the issue of fingerprinting 14-year-olds , which has been very sensitive and very emotive .
On this side of the House we are realistic .
That is why we are looking for the safeguards that have been put into the report .
It is why we would prefer that there be parliamentary scrutiny in the question of Commission versus Council .
We believe that Parliament is there to safeguard citizens and make certain that the asylum policy is carried out in the fairest possible way .
With those reservations and I know I speak on behalf of several colleagues - I will be following Mrs Terrón ' s line .
We wish the Commission well in this work .
Mr President , the first question to be asked about this report is : Why do we need this directive ?
It is very interesting when you look at the statistics because the exact reasons become clear .
Almost 10 % of all occupational accidents involve falls from heights .
One in ten of those involves permanent invalidity or death .
Across the European Union in any one year there are approximately half a million falls from heights in the workplace . 300 000 of those result in absences from the workplace of more than three days and 40 000 result in serious injury .
Unfortunately , 1 000 are fatal .
Many of these accidents - many of which can be avoided - come about because of the poor use of scaffolding or ladders .
In the UK, the Health and Safety Executive , the body looking at accidents in the workplace has estimated that some 30 % of all prohibition notices in the United Kingdom are issued for unsafe scaffolding alone .
In fact , 90 % of all accidents on ladders come about because of the misuse of ladders .
These are statistics gathered by industry groups and others and not because of equipment failure .
Figures published recently by the European Agency for Health and Safety in Bilbao suggest enormous variations between Member States in the incidence of falls from heights .
Such variations suggest that health and safety levels are not the same for all workers across the European Union .
That is why we need to establish minimum requirements with a view to protecting workers from falls from heights .
The current cost , both in personal terms and those of the workers and families affected and in terms of economic costs to industry and the social and health protection systems , warrants legislation in this area .
Billions of pounds are spent caring for workers who have been injured or become ill .
This can largely be avoided .
The background to this proposal suggests additional reasons for having this legislation .
This is an amendment to an existing directive on the general minimum requirements for work equipment at work .
A proposal to include scaffolding in an earlier amendment to the directive was rejected by Parliament , thanks to many of my colleagues on the other side of the House .
The directive finally adopted covered only two specific types of work equipment : mobile equipment and equipment for lifting loads which are very important areas in their own right .
This directive will rectify this serious omission .
If we do not include falls from heights , the only certainty is that there will be more and the rate will