the existing Customs Policy Committee made up of the directors-general of the customs administrations in the Member States , the Commission wants to set up a new committee to implement the programme .
But of course it still needs to prove its usefulness in practice , linked up to terminals in 3 000 customs offices and the firms that are to use it .
Amendment No 5 is the only one that is out of the ordinary , and it is very topical after the Berlin summit .
It concerns a point of principle for Europe and was tabled by Mr Brinkhorst as the draftsman of an opinion .
The common customs tariff is one of the most concrete signs of the common identity of the European Union .
Indeed , after the European Council , 25 % is going back into the pockets of the Member States .
That is the best way to go about it .
There is a lot of abuse and fraud and the situation is extremely chaotic , so it is exactly the sort of bad example we should not follow .
I think you were right , Mr President : this was not about rules but about powers , so I think a simple majority was enough here .
Does this mean that the committee 's job description is limited to paragraph 1 and the rest of the proposed text is deleted ?
This is why it is only right and proper that the users of the existing infrastructure should help to pay for extending it .
We should be trying to make a fresh start here by doing more than just passing on the capital costs of infrastructure , for example , even in the future .
I would not go as far as this .
Two months ago , we had another debate on combined transport here in the Chamber .
According to my information , there is also almost unanimous support in the Council for increasing the maximum weight .
First of all , Parliament and the Commission originally had diametrically opposite views on this issue , and I have to say that when I was rapporteur , I entirely agreed with the Commission .
Is this all we have to show for our much-vaunted cooperation and coordination ?
Italy and Austria in particular are creating nothing but obstacles and have not lifted a finger to do any of the work that needs to be done .
The state of Indonesia is about to become one huge battlefield .
The Javanese people are not to blame for this , of course , but they have become pawns in a project with a dual agenda : combating poverty among the Javanese and weakening the identity of certain island groups .
The situation appears to be calm on Java , while on Aceh the government and the army have restored order and , importantly , have punished those responsible .
Mr President , would you urge Parliament and the Bureau to reverse this decision ?
We have often seen violence increase before elections , and we have also seen that the presence of foreign observers can help to calm the situation .
I understood that the EU had made money available to send some 60 observers to the Indonesian elections .
The international community does not forget , and at some point Burma 's present leaders are going to have to stand trial for the crimes they are currently committing .
The application of international criminal law in practice will ensure that everyone 's basic rights are protected .
Some positive steps are also being taken .
The Cambodian Government could not carry out such an investigation or trial even if it wanted to .
Mr President , anyone who has read a book on the recent history of Cambodia or who has had the good fortune , in inverted commas , to travel round the country must find it incredible that there is still no sign whatsoever of an international tribunal to try the perpetrators of the 'killing fields ' and the slaughter that Mr Bourlanges rightly called one of the worst crimes since the Second World War .
Naturally , we need to keep a very close eye on this situation , which was why I mentioned the events of five years ago in Rwanda .
This week in Parliament , we voted on what I thought was a very good report on Internet crime .
What I said about children also applies to combating violence against women , because young refugees are also often forced into prostitution and become the victims of the same kind of violence .
I firmly believe that the Bible has a great deal to teach us about interpersonal relationships , and feel I have to point out that mankind , both men and women , is made in God 's image .
It is therefore by definition multidisciplinary .
Commissioner , the signals coming out of the Council still show that it is obstinately refusing to take this message on board .
The legal adviser says of the Commission 's current position : 'It appears that a collective resignation of all the Members of the Commission because they no longer have the confidence of Parliament is best provided for in Article 144 of the Treaty , which relates to a motion of censure tabled by Parliament .
I do not think they are .
If this is the case , then the interpretation you have given us is wrong .
This is rather too much , and is undoubtedly the result of pressure from Parliament 's Committee on Women 's Rights , as well as being a bit of a nod in the direction of the substantial numbers of women voters .
Next there is the issue of the relative price of cereals in the EU compared with the price on the world market