for a roll-call vote on this .
This is wholly in keeping with the national prerogative of legislating on tax and collecting it .
I challenge the Council to jump over its own shadow .
It will not , however , be voting in favour of all the amendments that have been tabled , some of which violate the subsidiarity principle , one example of this being European interference in local elections .     .
We might yet – who knows ? – feature in her TV programmes , as long , of course , as these are properly protected in terms of intellectual property rights .
As I have already pointed out , competition and the dominant position of collecting societies should not be a problem as such , as long as legislation is clear and is not used inappropriately .
Well , Buch’s essay is an open letter to the current President of South Africa , Thabo Mbeki , an old acquaintance of the author .
Nothing so far – and I have to tell you that the surrounding countries are particularly susceptible to pressure .
The murder of the Nuncio is one of the latest acts of senseless violence .
Finally , the UN peacekeeping force that we support is probably needed more than ever , as the African peacekeepers have inadequate resources and cannot operate effectively enough .
The Commission has undertaken a substantial revision of competition policy , but unfortunately not all its changes are for the better .
I am currently working on a report on institutionalised impact assessments for European legislation , and I am assuming that the Commission will also subject competition legislation to an impact assessment in the future .
There were all kinds of sensitivities regarding sovereignty and legal hurdles ; in short , the Council did not dare to make a bold move , and Parliament clearly took a different perspective .
Incentives can be used to promote a better use of airspace .
Parliament is committed to this , and emphasised it continually in the course of the negotiations .
The Member States are obliged to take the views of the Commission into consideration , and they must also take those views as the basis for resolving conflicts over the creation of cross-border airspace blocks .
I should also like to take this opportunity to point out how important the role of the European Parliament has been , because I think that , together with the Council , we have achieved a very good proposal .     – Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , first of all , my congratulations and thanks to both the rapporteurs , Mr Fava and Mrs Sanders-ten Holte .
In my opinion , the degree of safety must not be subordinate to our great predilection for diversity .
If there is one place where diversity should not apply , that is in matters of safety monitoring .
As the rapporteur , I am very pleased with this , and I shall explain briefly why .
The introduction of a packaging environment indicator was the main feature of this .
The existing Directive on packaging and packaging waste provides for a limited postponement for Greece , Ireland and Portugal .
A particularly difficult problem concerned the implications of recent judgments of the Court of Justice for the Directive’s recovery targets .
The debate has already begun in this House , with the discussion on the thematic strategies presented by the Commission .
In the longer term , packaging does not need to be an environmental problem , but could contribute to sustainable development .
The results of these investigations were shocking .
For these reasons the COR and its President deserve the benefit of the doubt .
I am very pleased , therefore , that this Parliament has adopted an amendment to the 2004 budget by the Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party to give that Financial Controller , right now , two extra members of staff for the coming financial year .
We still believe that to be the case .
I always thought it strange to be told by the Secretary-General that OLAF had asked that we should keep things secret and not pass them on .
Just weeks after the vote on discharge , information that the Commission had withheld on the Eurostat affair came to light .
It is unfortunate , though , that they are being thwarted by an internal hierarchy that seeks to serve its own interests rather than those of Europe’s citizens .
As the rapporteur acknowledges , these are essential for the protection of core labour and environmental standards .
UN reforms are not only technical , but often involve a redistribution of power , and that is where things are going continually wrong .
Generally , there is most definitely EU consensus in the General Assembly .
Political necessity is beyond dispute ; what is still lacking is the political courage to give shape to the new world order within the UN in a decisive manner .     – Mr President , this report by Mr Laschet aims to propel humanity in the direction of world government of some kind .
In keeping with his eminent introduction , the rapporteur considers cooperation between the European Union and the UN a cornerstone of EU foreign policy .
Moreover , the recent past has acutely demonstrated that both in the IGC and in the Security Council , European unity seems to be further away than ever .
First of all , and certainly not in contravention of the report , we should like to emphasise the institutional reforms that are necessary .
Their mandate is so inflexible that it renders them non-operational .
For hazardous operations in Africa , we are forced to call upon badly equipped and unmotivated troops from Bangladesh , Pakistan or India .
