final agreement , which is in six weeks ' time , I should also like to be told in what way cooperation between the European and American security authorities has been achieved .
I am delighted that the Commissioner has pledged her support to Parliament and I am convinced that the trialogue will be very fruitful .
I hope that the Council 's response will also be very positive .
I am sorry I had so little time , but I would like to thank the Commissioner and my fellow-Members for the support that they wish to express in the context of this report , and for the initiative they are taking .
If , however , an airline company is banned from a country , surely people are entitled to know this , so that they can avoid using this airline in future .
I think that the quality offered by ICAO is sound , but we should apply our own systems and do as the Americans are doing .
When I therefore talk about 'me ' , I am talking on behalf of Mr Pex , who , incidentally , is doing fine .
The solution is to include internationally valid discharge regulations in Community law and make provisions for enforcement rules .
For both this coast guard and the already established European Maritime Agency ( EMSA ) , it is important to have sufficient powers to enhance safety at sea .
It would be preferable if this were done now rather than when a new disaster occurs , which Heaven forbid .
In addition , we must get round to assessing its use , how ships themselves react to it and whether we should not make any changes anywhere to see whether – and if so , how – the directive works .
We must , in any case , ensure that we draw a distinction between an accident and deliberate pollution .
Over the past Christmas break , a striking number of dead sea birds have once again been found on the North Sea beaches .
How will the Commission react if the Council formally refuses to accept the directive’s introduction of criminal sanctions ?
Comments have been made in that respect about possible contributors to that fund .
I will start , first of all , with the legal basis .
The Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Policy also takes the view that the export of waste outside of Europe will have to be banned and that the proposed directive must be amended accordingly .
I assume that she was expressing her personal view and that she did not represent the view of the entire Commission , for she is not responsible for this dossier .
I do not see any need for granting the Commission new powers in this area , therefore .
What other possibilities are there for breaking state monopolies whilst continuing to guarantee that all citizens obtain the best service at an affordable price ?
Citizens , who mainly see quarrelling between Heads of State or Government over the distribution of power and money , are naturally increasingly unable to grasp what this European cooperation actually means .
I should like to mention a number of things that I believe to be essential within this framework .
The Group of the European People’s Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats greatly appreciates your commitment and your efforts , which must be aimed at making 2004 a greater success than 2003 .
The Group of the European People’s Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats believes that the offer we have made in the field of agriculture , which even includes the possibility of reducing export subsidies to virtually zero , and now also an increased flexibility regarding geographical indications , is sufficient for us to go into the negotiations .
Restarting it promptly is in the interests of all parts of the world .
They want support for fair trade products and for free trade unions .
Our additional GSP approach would enable extra support for countries that take education , health care and free trade unions seriously , but we would want a multilateral approach to this .
They must guarantee their citizens the right to a free trade-union movement , and put an end to child labour and the exploitation of women .
In this regard , multilateralism remains the best route to global free trade , and the conclusion of bilateral agreements  is detrimental to smaller countries and developing countries .
In Cancún , we gave this another firm push by means of a parliamentary conference .
My first relates to agriculture .
The negotiations must not focus on the Singapore issues , but instead all the more on the development issues .     Mr President , it is common knowledge that the most recent ministerial conference , in Cancún , sadly ended in failure .
When , in the fifties and sixties of the last century , nuclear fission was promoted as an inexhaustible source of energy for the future , scarcely a thought was given to the waste .
Euro-optimists often declare that there was an enormous increase in the powers of the European Parliament in the nineties .
On the eve of Cancún , the United States , the EU and the developing countries agreed to flesh out paragraph 6 of the Doha Declaration , which has to do with the production of medicines for developing countries undergoing serious health crises .
The health crisis in Africa is an urgent problem .
This will not be its top priority .
It would be very simple to replace these , and this is , in actual fact , what the Commission should have suggested a long time ago .
Agreement has been reached on exemptions , phosphates and labelling , and I have shown my support by co-signing the compromise amendments