With regard to the fundamental rights of those who do not have the right to stay within the Union , I would like to refer , firstly , to the general legal principles that must form the basis for all of the EU 's activities and , secondly and more specifically , to the rules that apply to the return of third-country nationals who do not have the right to enter and stay legally in a Member State .
These rules are laid down in the Return Directive , which was adopted by the European Parliament and the Council in 2008 .
The work relating to return also includes provisions on joint removal flights .
It is a cooperative measure designed to utilise the capacity of the Member States more efficiently .
In October of this year , the European Council also called on Frontex to examine the possibility of financing joint flights for removals .
This , of course , also applies to people who have come from Afghanistan .
This also requires a close partnership between the countries of origin , transit and destination .
I will begin with what Mrs Mathieu said in her first point about the issue of mixed migration flows .
Well , yes , that is precisely what this entire debate is about !
In the case of a 'no' , the person must be returned , irrespective - and I will repeat this so that everyone understands precisely what the Presidency 's intentions are - of the country concerned .
I will now turn to Mrs Keller , who always brings interesting arguments to these matters .
Let me say that if all of the EU Member States could provide as many places as Sweden is currently doing - we have 1 900 places annually - in relation to the size of their populations , the European Union would be able to provide 100 000 places annually to UNHCR , the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees .
What promotes the trust of the citizens is whether they are able to have an insight into the process , and that is good for the Union 's activities .
In this regard , Parliament and the Council have the same objectives , and this , of course , applies everywhere , in all areas and to all institutions .
As regards the specific issue of this particular report on discharge in respect of the 2007 budget , I would like to express my satisfaction that you are now recommending that the Council be granted discharge .
I understood that the informal meeting in September between the delegation from the Committee on Budgetary Control and the Council delegation enabled a number of points to be clarified and that this was what made it possible - as the rapporteur also mentioned - to grant discharge to the Council for the 2007 budget .
I am pleased that we agree on the importance of openness and transparency .
However , the Council endeavours , and will continue to endeavour , to follow the rules and to apply openness with regard to its economic management .
Mr President , I am pleased that the Commission has taken this issue seriously .
Well , for one thing , because every language carries with it an enormous cultural heritage that enriches European diversity .
I would like to thank the Commission for this initiative and I will not detain us any longer as time is limited .
All the Member States have now ratified the treaty and deposited their instruments of ratification in Rome .
As a result of the treaty , we will have better opportunities to get to grips with the important issues that the EU is facing and we can do this in a more democratic , transparent and efficient manner .
Agreement was also reached , following approval from the Commission President , on the appointment of Catherine Ashton as the new High Representative for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy .
The European Council also reached agreement on the appointment of Pierre de Boissieu as Secretary-General of the Council Secretariat .
The work in preparation for the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon has continued as detailed by the Presidency in its status report to the European Council in October .
The European External Action Service will be included among these issues .
However , it is also important for us to take a long-term view and to meet important challenges in both the medium and the long term .
It is therefore not yet time to withdraw the support measures that have been taken .
With regard to the financial markets , it is gratifying that the situation on the financial market has improved considerably .
The Swedish Presidency is seeking agreement on a number of guiding principles with regard to the timing , coordination and sequencing of the phasing out of the support measures .
The Presidency then received the mandate to initiate negotiations with the European Parliament , which we have done .
We will then be able to rectify any shortcomings that stand out as functioning less well or as being less effective .
The economic and financial crisis has created pressure for immediate action to be taken to minimise the impact on growth and the labour market .
The vision is about turning challenges into opportunities .
Progress has been made in many areas .
The Integrated Maritime Policy will also be discussed at the European Council meeting .
The Commission has recently submitted its progress report .
I will now turn to another very important item at the European Council meeting , namely the adoption of a new five-year work programme in the area of freedom , security and justice .
There have also been valuable contributions from national parliaments , civil society , EU bodies and various agencies and authorities .
A