These are the most important areas of all and , in these , the Barcelona Process has in many ways failed .
We must restructure the whole of our cooperation so that it becomes a framework for a huge push for democratisation throughout the region .
We must support dissidents , civil society , freedom of expression and communities founded on the rule of law , etc .
If we succeed in bringing this about , we shall have made an historic contribution .
In conclusion , I wish to commend my colleague , Mrs Jäätteenmäki , for her very constructive report .     We want the budget to contribute to sustainable social , economic and environmental development for the EU in accordance with the Lisbon Strategy .
Nor do we wish to provide money for aid for tobacco cultivation since this directly contributes to public health problems .
We do not , however , want producers in developing countries to lose their livelihood , and we have therefore voted in favour of transitional aid to compensate them until they have had time to convert to other forms of production .     The June List believes that the EU budget should be limited to 1.00 % of the Member States’ average gross national income and therefore supports the Council’s position in principle .
Both resolutions are concerned , however , with countries and areas that cannot be regarded as being in the EU’s immediate vicinity .
In the light of the above , we choose to abstain in the final vote on the two resolutions .
It is good that we are now demanding that an independent investigation be carried out into what happened in Andijan .
It is not unreasonable to demand that a president comply with his own country ’s constitution , and that is what we are demanding in this Chamber today .     Mr President , on at least five occasions during this part-session , the earphones – and thus the interpretation service - for the whole of the row behind me where I normally sit have not worked .
Otherwise , the part-session may be interrupted in the most inopportune way .
I think that this is a serious attack on our constitutional principle .
If the Commission now calls on our government to influence the Supreme Court , this would damage our constitution and the ways in which our country and our democracy operate .
That is emphatically not the case .
Globalisation has helped do away with poverty of a kind that , for centuries , characterised large parts of the world in which we now see wealth and well-being increasing , as well as respect for the individual .
It is important to state that , directly contrary to what is stated in the report , it is , in actual fact , precisely in those parts of the world not reached by globalisation that we have stagnation and poverty , for example in those parts of Africa and Asia in which free and open trade are not practised and in which people are excluded from globalisation .
It is not in developing countries , but in those countries that belong to the lost world and that are excluded from the global economy .
Europe is a continent that , to the very highest degree , thrives on globalisation .
It is free trade that , both historically and in the present time , creates increasing well-being and respect for people .
What we have here are the same problems and the same accounting deficiencies , and we learn that the problems will remain .
I wish nonetheless to point out that the European institutions are of course audited by the European Court of Auditors , while the national systems are obviously audited by various national auditing bodies .
The main problems we see stem from the common agricultural policy , the Structural Funds and the Committee of the Regions .
All the problems about which we are now talking would then largely disappear .     Mr President , the Commission said that the Lisbon Strategy was reflected in this work programme .
I believed we had agreed that we should see social policy as an integrated part of the Lisbon Process .
I note that , in the social area , there is no legislation at all .
The first concerns the new forms of employment : what are known as the atypical forms of employment , of which there is now an avalanche and which involve less security , reduced influence and probably more stress in workplaces .
We have instruments at European level .
We have the European Works Councils , and we in Parliament have demanded an overhaul of the European Works Councils .
This would be a non-discrimination programme , applicable not just in the labour market sphere , but everywhere .
The whole of the common agricultural policy is an absurd creation and must be abolished .     The Swedish Conservatives have today voted against the report on the social dimension of globalisation because its basic approach to globalisation is wrong .
The EU is a positive example of globalisation , involving the free movement of goods , services , people and capital .
A common EU policy on ‘the social dimension of globalisation ’ cannot be drawn up because the EU Member States are so different from one another .
We also believe that the less developed countries can be given the right to regulate their imports of agricultural products for the time being .
They are part of our everyday life and basic to much of our modern human activity .
I am also pleased that we shall be able to ban chemicals that we need to get rid of and that we shall be able to keep those that we