proposal might be adopted .
I would like to check the accuracy of the comments you have just made , since , as I have already said , we have not , in actual fact , received any official information or communications about this .
The programme seeks to have action plans drawn up at national level , focussing on access and participation for women in the job market , supporting legislative reforms and drawing up policies that foster active training and the active development of the job market .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I hope that my report reflects the balance between the various viewpoints in this House , although the key point is of course the fact that trade is not the solution for development .
Furthermore , the Doha Round , which was called a development round , has not been followed up ; in fact , the proportionality relationship between liberalisation and development has not been proven to be correct .
The reasons for this relate , on the one hand , to the competences and power of the WTO , and on the other hand to the problem that I have already mentioned , namely the developing countries ' lack of negotiating capacity .
Highly indebted countries have debt-servicing obligations that can siphon off as much as a quarter of the value of their exports .
Mr President , unfortunately , I fear that the situation is a lot less positive than some of the speakers would have us believe .
Funding and support are not enough when facing the destruction of linguistic diversity .
If we want to be a Community based on liberal principals , then this is one of the first issues we need to regulate , in a spirit of freedom and respect for all opinions .
The draft Constitution includes the Charter of Fundamental Rights , Article 11( 2 ) of which explicitly enshrines the right to freedom and pluralism of the media .
It would be a step on from the past , even the recent past , when the Commission declared that it had neither instruments nor competence , thus relegating culture to an exclusively national responsibility .
It is not the fault of the staff ; there is a misunderstanding in the translation , which , as it stands , means that the amendment makes no sense .
I am afraid that we may well now be facing savage power struggles which could go 'to the death' , struggles within systems which are not only political but economic and , quite literally , criminal too .
Mr President , my colleagues have already made many of the points that I wanted to raise in an extremely clear and precise way , and so I will not repeat them .
I would also like to consider the reasons why Israel is violating the agreement , Article 2 of which calls upon Israel , and us , to respect it .
.
In accordance with these provisions , the Ecofin ' Information ' Council adopted a recommendation on 15 July 2003 advocating the appointment of Mr Trichet as President of the European Central Bank for a term of eight years with effect from 1 November 2003 .
( IT ) Mr President , I would like to thank the Members for their attentive and authoritative speeches on this issue .
To make this clearer , let me draw a parallel with the music world .
Whilst the distinction between the patentability of software as such and the patentability of software as part of a computer-implemented invention is a subtle one - which means that we are running the risk of getting into a mess - the solution is , I believe , very clear : if a piece of software is an integral part of an invention , it is this invention that is patentable and is patented , not the software .
It would have sufficed to keep computer-implemented inventions as patentable and ensure respect for the regulations excluding software from patentability , which , in any case , provides for protection by copyright .
I will , nevertheless , make a few remarks of a general nature , starting with the premise that we are dealing with an issue where identifying the subject of legal protection , and thus converting computer terms into legal terms and concepts , can already , in itself , be an extremely complex matter .
Of course , there are some legal aspects that could be improved upon ; there are some discrepancies with Directive 91/250/EEC ; we could certainly have reflected more from a legal point of view on Article 52 of the European Patent Convention , because one thing is certain : we will be forced to return to this issue because - as many Members have stated - development is so rapid that the European Union will have to adopt a measure in the next few years , when we will be able to revise our positions .
The stakes are considerable because this is a matter of guaranteeing that research and innovation continue to be free and - according to the spirit of Lisbon - to stimulate economic growth based on knowledge , to bring about the stimulation of software-based innovation and inventions at all levels and to avoid production and trade monopolies for products that use the software .
I asked myself then whether this vision that I had was not a warning sign .
What a wonderful aroma there was , Mr President !
Right at that moment , however , the gas ran out and there could be no more cooking .
However , Mr President , at the height of the evening , we ran out of petrol .
I saw many passengers in first class being served copious , tasty , delicious repasts : champagne , beautiful hostesses and stewards serving them , armchairs , comfort