I therefore congratulate Jacob Söderman on this report .
Mr President , it was as a result of strong Danish advocacy in conjunction with the Maastricht Treaty and an initiative of the European Parliament that the European Ombudsman institution became a reality .
As has been pointed out on several occasions , it is very important that the public in the EU become more aware of the European Ombudsman 's functions and powers .
It is thus important that the Ombudsman act as a guarantor of the openness of EU institutions to the public .
Many of the complaints the Ombudsman has received up to now are concerned with document access .
This is a sign that all is not well with the process of translating the Maastricht Treaty aims on openness into practice .
The European Ombudsman quite clearly represents an improvement of democracy in the EU , and he can contribute to making the EU system more transparent by giving European citizens a chance to complain when they feel badly treated .
It is the only way we can secure the development of an EU that does not work against its citizens , but acts for them and upholds their rights .
The Committee on Development and Cooperation received a visit from a delegation representing the fishermen themselves , and it was they who asked us to vote against the trade agreement , because they are concerned at the fact that access has been given to their fishery within the twelve-mile zone .
One might say that they are preconditions for eachother .
What I would like to focus on therefore are one or two more specific points , the first one being to ask the Commission whether it is still logical for this subject to be covered by a single directive .
We are talking about , on the one hand , an experimental release and , on the other hand , the marketing of something which has already been subjected to trials .
But , when we get down to it , we cannot say that the same rules apply and I think that , in view of the fact that other directives have been put into effect , one might wonder whether it is still logical to have only one directive , or might it not be easier to deal with if there were two different directives ?
GMOs are not all equally risky and , as that is what we have also done , for example in connection with the contained use of GMOs , it would be logical to do that .
I think that is the way we can get the individual countries to accept other countries ' results , rather than saying in blanket fashion that , if a product has been thoroughly tested in one country , the results must also apply in other countries .
When I put it that way , it is because , regardless of what we may think about the matter , this is still a very sensitive subject in public opinion .
As the August holidays are almost upon us , Commissioner , perhaps I might consider whether I should go to Guatemala , Austria , Russia or China , because the list of airlines with the worst record tells me that they are based in these countries .
That is one point .
The other is that - and we have heard this from Mr Cornelissen - it was emphasized in the debate in the Committee on Transport and Tourism that there are problems .
So we cannot just let things take their course and say that we just need a certain degree of liberalization etc .
But what we have is liberalization that is putting pressure on crews .
In some cases , as we heard earlier , they work for 17 hours .
Let me say to Mrs McIntosh that I think liberalization is a good thing , and I welcome it .
That represents a cost to both crews and the environment .
That is particularly worrying .
It is pollution at airports .
One Danish company spends ECU 25 million a year because of the muck that is sucked up into aircraft engines .
Emergency landings happen because of it , and I would mention airports such as Newark , Heathrow and Milan .
It costs the airlines between ECU 25 000 and 80 000 per day when aircraft are out of service .
The rating guide to the world 's airlines that was published recently was perhaps not intended to be a blacklist , or whatever it might be called in the various languages .
On the other hand , when reputable airlines like Air France and British Midland only get an average rating , we have reason here in Europe too to sound the alarm .
I will not repeat them .
Parliament 's Transport Committee is very preoccupied with these matters .
Equal conditions for the establishment of a road haulage business is of crucial importance to the completion of the internal market and to thousands of lorry drivers in their everyday lives .
Competition is only competition if one competes on an equal footing .
The proposal brings both good and bad news .
That is one aspect of the proposal I am not enthusiastic about .
I think there should be a flexible and continuous system of checks .
I also think it is wrong to vary the capital requirement in such a way that different levels apply depending on how much the vehicle weighs .
The good aspects are that we are now getting action on a Community basis , which is vital for distortion of competition , or to turn it round , vital in preventing distortion of competition .
It will thus benefit the environment and traffic safety .
The Commission proposal also places more