advance in European integration .
From an EU perspective - as we all know - census data are vital for social and economic planning and development and for most Community policies .
Your resolution underlines that closing down the Office of the High Representative ( OHR ) and strengthening the role of the European Union should remain our ultimate objective .
In other words , as we move into the next phase of our relations , Bosnia and Herzegovina itself must assume full ownership of the reform process that underpins its EU perspective .
They have done it before so they can do it again .
I hope our messages will now be heard .
I also want to thank you for your broad and strong support for the conclusion of the Stabilisation and Association Agreement with the country .
The first is the rule of law and its importance in underpinning the whole society and the economy .
Despite some progress which we recognise , organised crime and corruption remain a serious concern in the country and it should address these challenges as a matter of urgency .
The Commission does not have a blueprint for a certain kind of constitutional reform in Bosnia and Herzegovina but , at the same time , we are certainly stakeholders as the European Union .
We are all stakeholders in this constitutional reform in the sense that it is absolutely essential that Bosnia and Herzegovina be able to speak with one voice as a future Member State , as a candidate country , with the European Union and in the European Union , and that the country needs to have an effective and functional state structure , institutional structure , which is capable of implementing and enforcing European laws and rules throughout the country .
It is up to the political leaders and citizens of the country to decide what kind of constitution they want , but I can assure you that the Commission is willing to assist a constitutional reform with both legal and constitutional expertise and with financial assistance .
The Commission , and I , will therefore continue to work with the presidency , with Javier Solana , with the European Parliament and all other partners and stakeholders to reinforce our engagement so that next year , 2009 , could still , after all , be a year for the Western Balkans , and also a year for Bosnia and Herzegovina to make progress towards the European Union . rapporteur . - Mr President , this report is part of the simplification package on company law .
The proposal is part of the wide-ranging administrative burden reduction exercise ; it would free up and redirect business resources and thus enhance the competitiveness of European economies .
The objective of this proposal is therefore to remove any additional publication requirements in national law that cause additional costs to the companies .
Anyhow , the Commission leaves flexibility for Member States concerning these additional publication requirements .
Member States should all have electronic platforms containing the full information and providing access to this information in the companies ' electronic file in the register .
The most important thing is to introduce the single fee set by the Member States that covers all the costs related to the publication and administration requirements .
Regarding the 11th Company Law Directive , this proposal deals with the translation requirements for documents to be filed in the registers of company branches .
So now we are trying to ease translation obligations by having this certification and authorisation abolished .
The objective is to reduce the costs for translation and certification to the minimum .
I agree with the Commission proposal and tried to keep my wording as close to the Commission proposal as possible .
The Committee on Legal Affairs introduced three compromise amendments tabled by several colleagues to the effect that these additional publication requirements may be permitted if they are well-grounded , but we put them into recitals - they are not in the articles .
The second issue is that I , personally , tried to introduce a transition period , which I still think would be a very good way forward .
In this way we could take into account the fact that internet penetration in all the Member States is not at the same level . rapporteur . - Mr President , I would like to make a comment about the procedure .
Mrs van den Burg already said that the French presidency has not behaved very well with this dossier .
Unfortunately the French presidency is unwilling to come to these meetings .
The view of the Committee on Legal Affairs gives a lot of flexibility for the Member States .
This is the only proposal on the table in Parliament at the moment .
If this is not accepted in the form voted on tomorrow by Parliament , we will certainly have a delay in the process .
Perhaps we will not have this project ready before the elections and there is a risk perhaps that the Commission will withdraw the proposal .
We would be willing to discuss compromises .
That is why I am upset about the discussions about the procedure .
The world 's car industry has got into difficulties , though that is not true for all plants .
The bank crisis has brought with it a car crisis : in a deflating economy , people cannot afford to buy new cars or the fuel to put in them .
The European Investment Bank wants to rescue the car industry in the name of the EU , but we need to think again about whether the world is going to need all the capacity that is used today for producing cars .
The loose money which consumers used to buy new cars in recent years has gone , and it is not coming back