The MEPs of the Communist Party of Greece voted against the report .
In my country , which was one of the first to join the European Union , the situation is tragic .
Factories are closing , people are shopping in neighbouring countries , unemployment has reached peak levels in Europe , we have two and a half million illegal immigrants , more than Italy , which has a population of 45 million ; the situation is dramatic .
There are 40 to 50 illegal entries a day .
The situation , which has taken on the proportions of a scourge , has preoccupied the Union and the institutions responsible without , however , achieving any substantial reduction in absolute numbers .
The modern slave trade , which moves 40 000 women and children a year in Greece alone , must be given our attention and addressed .     – Mr President , Commissioner , the debate on Mr Maaten 's report coincides with a period in the European Union in which the course of its institutional cohesion has been disrupted and in which many of the policies which form the backbone of its functioning have been criticised .
The European citizens must be informed in depth about the contribution of the euro to their everyday lives and about the functioning of the European Union as regards financial prosperity , social solidarity and the organised and decisive implementation of the Lisbon Strategy policies .
To close , I should like to say that , in all events , the message which needs to be given is that the euro and EMU in general are perhaps one of the most successful achievements of the European Union and should be seen as such by all European citizens .
The European Central Bank is the institution of the European Union which has full and exclusive responsibility for monetary policy and zealously defends its social indifference , maintaining that its sole objective is price stability .
In addition , paragraph 11 of the report welcoming the commitment by the European Central Bank to the ratification of the so-called European Constitution is an insult , given that it was recently voted down by the peoples of France and the Netherlands .
That is why six years ago the European Commission proposed the directive we are debating , proposing a ban on the placing on the market of articles which are intended to be placed in the mouth of children under the age of three and , at the same time , supplementary provisions for labelling all other articles .
After five years , therefore , of discussions – not to say inertia – the Council issued a common position ; however , it made significant changes both to the Commission 's proposal for a directive and the European Parliament 's first reading .
For the second category of the other three phthalates , namely DINP , DIDP and DNOP , the Council proposed a partial ban ; to be specific , they are banned for children under three years of age and , for articles which may come into contact with the mouth , it allows them both to be used and , of course , to be placed on the market for children over three years of age .
However , account must be taken of the principle of precaution , which the Council does by banning these compounds for all toys and childcare articles for children under three years of age , but allowing them for children over three years of age , but without any safety valve , such as labelling for parents ' information .
The package of agreements contains the following : Firstly , a ban on the use of the three phthalates in all articles which children may place in their mouths ; secondly , a review of all the applications which contain the substances in question for medical appliances ; thirdly , the inclusion of child hygiene articles in the definition of childcare articles ; fourthly , the adoption by the European Commission of guidelines on what is meant by toys and childcare articles which may be placed in children 's mouths and , finally , the Commission study on the risks of plastic articles containing fragrances .
I would ask that we do not move away from this package of agreements which we have achieved and , consequently , that we vote in favour of what is being proposed by the five groups , by the Group of the European People 's Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats , by the Socialist Group in the European Parliament , by the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe , by the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance and by the Confederal Group of the European United Left/Nordic Green Left .     .
Mr President , the environmental technologies action plan is one of the instances in which the European Council , the Commission and now the European Parliament are on the same track .
The report will be a valuable contribution to the implementation of the action plan and an incentive for considering the next steps .
As Mrs Myller has just emphasised , demand for environmental technologies must be stimulated by determining objectives with respect to the performance of basic products , services and methods .
Another concern formulated in the report concerns the participation of small and medium-sized enterprises in the action plan .
The future implementation of the action plan will depend on the active participation of the Member States .
I am convinced that the political support of the European Parliament and its constructive proposals will help the European Commission to achieve the objectives of the action plan .     .
It is a known fact that air pollution has very harmful consequences on human health :