own Union .
We will all rejoice when that suffering is over .
As the drama concludes it is the duty of this Parliament , as a symbol of united free Europe , to support the crowds outside the Yugoslav parliament and to help Mr Kostunica to achieve and fulfil the mandate .
Mr President , first of all I must declare a personal interest , I have a son-in-law who was , and is , a refugee from the Krajina in Croatia .
Even if it is now technically possible to return , much more has to be done to make the return of Serbs to Croatia and the Krajina in particular positively welcome .
Much physical restoration is required in that sad part of Croatia .
We in the European Union must insist that this is positively encouraged and not just a nominal gesture .
Our financial contributions should be on that condition and I would appreciate a reassurance from the Commission that this aspect will be taken into account .
My second point refers to Serbia itself .
Even if there is the happy , democratic outcome , which we hope for in Serbia , there will still be great resentment resulting from what happened with the Kosovo campaign and our recent relationships with Serbia .
This will not be overcome immediately .
We in Europe must be prepared to rise above any peevish reactions to those sentiments .
The top priority , not just for Serbia but for all the Balkans including Bulgaria and Romania , is to restore normal transport links in the whole area and bring Serbia with all its hurts back into the European fold .
I am grateful , on behalf of the Commission , to Mr Seppänen for his report relating to the proposal to extend the existing Community guarantee for European Investment Bank lending outside the Union to cover interventions in Croatia .
As the House will know and as has been remarked again this morning , the parliamentary and presidential elections early this year resulted in the change of government in Croatia and brought a new political climate .
We celebrate that and we act as a Community to support it .
But I cannot let this debate pass without referring to another part of former Yugoslavia which is beginning the century with hope and the prospect of freedom .
I am speaking of the glorious revolution taking place now in Serbia , thanks to the courage of the Serbian people and their insistence on democracy .
The House will know that the Commission has made it crystal clear that European Union sanctions will stop with the advent of democratic government in Serbia .
When it appears that Milosevic has fled and the will of the people has prevailed , we hope that action to establish normal relations and partnership between Serbia and this Union of democracies will only be days away .
Meanwhile the new government in Croatia is clearly demonstrating its serious commitment to putting that country on a secure democratic path and to implementing the political and economic reforms necessary to adhere to the conditions of the European Union stabilisation and association process for the western Balkans .
Taking account of those advances last May , the Commission produced a positive feasibility report on the opening of negotiations for a stabilisation and association agreement with Croatia and on 19 July recommended opening negotiations .
This constitutes a major step forward in EU-Croatia bilateral relations .
The Commission hopes that a decision can be taken in November so that negotiations can start without too much delay .
It is also essential for the Community to provide appropriate financial support for Croatia .
The resumption of EIB lending is intended to assist the country 's investment activities in infrastructure and private sector development .
The new Croatian leadership clearly needs dependable and sustained backing to pursue demanding reforms .
The proposal before the House would cover up to EUR 250 million of lending over the next four years .
As Mr Purvis has just said - and I fully acknowledge - that must be regarded as part of a process of normalisation , stabilisation and progress that extends over many years .
The rapporteur has not proposed any amendments .
I therefore thank him and the House for supporting this useful and progressive proposal as an investment in stable democracy in yet another part of our continent .
( Applause )
Madam President , you will recall that at the last part-session I raised the plight of the British democracy campaigner , James Mawdsley , who was held illegally by the Burmese authorities .
You promised to convey your concern , and subsequently this House passed a resolution condemning his imprisonment .
That was part of a concerted diplomatic effort and the House will be pleased to have learned that Mr Mawdsley was released by the Burmese authorities last week .
I should like to take this opportunity to thank you and Members of this House for the part you played in seeing this process through to a successful conclusion .
I hope that we can return before too long to the question of the thousands of other people who are political prisoners in Burma and the lack of democracy which afflicts that country .
I would like to congratulate Mrs Van Lancker on producing an excellent report .
I have heard from some quarters that having read the report , they agree with the diagnosis but not with the prescription .
I take the view that unless we follow this prescription then the prognosis is not good for the stated aim of the social agenda , which is to make sure that social policy has a full and equal place alongside employment and economic policy .
This is the prescription we need to follow .
For the Socialist Group there are many very important points in this report