In any case , in my capacity as shadow rapporteur for the Committee on Culture , Youth , Education , the Media and Sport for the Martens report , I would like to start by thanking and congratulating the rapporteur on her work .
To this framework we need to add a top priority action plan to assess and intervene with appropriate , effective tools in the tensions which can develop in the worlds of education and work where there are cases of discrimination , with the common desire to fight racism and intolerance .
How could one possibly envisage - the Members may not be aware of this , but Mr Corbett did make this suggestion - doing away with topical and urgent debates , which are one of Parliament ' s opportunities for real political debate , as President Cox said ?
That is no longer the case .
The other point concerns publishing our debates .
I wish you every success in your work in this area , Mr President , and I hope that major reforms will be achieved under your presidency before 2004 .
As Mr Solana stressed yesterday , Europe will only be able to attempt to win genuine international credibility if it is capable of restoring peace and social and political justice to the Mediterranean Basin and the Middle East .
With regard to the arrest warrant , I must point out that the Italian Government has endeavoured to ensure that this framework decision cannot be enforced until the Constitution has been amended .
This is not the case : our Constitution does not need to be amended in any way ; it provides all possible guarantees .
Above all , in automatically recognising the decisions and procedures of national penal systems , it fails to lay down any common minimum guarantee safeguarding the rights of the defendant .
The passage of time has proved these accusation to be nothing but hot air , hot air which , I regret to say , has been blown this way again today , thanks , not least , to Mr Di Pietro , on whose behalf , as a friend , I take it upon myself to apologise to the House , especially for his grossly inaccurate accusations which are more the product of blind hatred of the individual concerned than proven facts .
In conclusion , Mr President , the battle against old and new forms of crime and unlawful activities , against organised crime , money laundering and corruption - combined with a bold fight against terrorism in all its forms - must not be confused with inquisition-like persecution .
Thus , we are also bringing the effectiveness brought by joint action into play in the fight against terrorism , while still respecting the national diversities which make European integration unique .
I will talk about Scotland in a minute , Mr President .
This report talks about climate change and what we must do to clean up the air .
As you are aware , this document has been the subject of much debate , and it has also provoked opposition , particularly in Italy , as you know , Mr President .
When the State budget intervenes to make good the balance of pension funds , that , in my opinion , is State aid which distorts competition in the European Union between different systems and procedures for managing pension funds in Europe .
Mr President , I voted for Mr Martens ' important report on education and training , but I hope that the pensioners of the different sectors of European industry will soon stop playing cards or sitting at home in front of the television , counting the days they have left to live , and be used , if they so wish , to pass on their knowledge to workers , especially young workers .
In other words , Mr President , meat-and-bone meal should be taken completely off the market once and for all .
Of course , the March 2002 International Conference at Monterrey and the Johannesburg world summit to be held subsequently this September will be extremely important in this respect .
Their success would certainly be a clear signal for further , more general acceleration of measures boosting sustainable development .
We are , of course , all aware that the Convention has to redefine the Union ' s missions , its role on the world stage , in global development and in working for peace , its growth and cohesion policies and its policy of security in freedom and justice .
Both contribute equally to the democratic legitimisation of the European Union as a Union of citizens and peoples rather than just States .
In particular , as a House of Lords report has regretfully shown , a second Chamber made up of members of national parliaments 'would be an unreal solution to some real problems ' .
Moreover , if the European Parliament is to regain its political role , there will have to be an increase not only in the quality of the debates but also in MEPs ' attendance in Brussels and Strasbourg .
I am fully aware - and I beg Mr MacCormick and the other Members who have signed the amendments to believe me - of the importance of the issue of regional parliaments with legislative powers .
I therefore place in your hands these two new cases as well as that of Safiya .
It is right that the idle should not be allowed to get away with it , but it is also right that those who benefit should be the best , the most far-sighted and the most modern .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , it must be pointed out that this report is being tabled before Parliament at a particularly important historical and political moment in European integration , namely just before the start