These creative prospects cannot be reversed .
But nor can they be left in responsible hands , Mr Poettering .
There are no hands responsible enough for these terrifying , apocalyptic weapons we have armed ourselves with .
He managed to avert that war .
The Greek Government has indeed taken over the presidency at a time of acute economic crisis , with growing prospects of a new , even more murderous attack by the imperialist powers on the Iraqi people .
It will step up the attack on employment , insurance and pension rights .
The signature of the Treaty enlarging the European Union under the Greek Presidency will mark the start of even more hardships for its people and will , we fear , result in the Euro-partition of Cyprus .
In Greece , demonstrations are almost a daily occurrence .
Mr President , allow me to start by thanking all the members of the European Parliament .
Thank you , Commissioner , for your reply .
I hope that neither you nor the European Commission will be given false information .
Thank you for your reply , Commissioner .
The information provided by Mr Mantovani , which illustrates that the viability of social systems , especially care services for the elderly , has deteriorated dramatically and that we really do need cooperation at Community level , is equally important .
A series of questionnaires was sent to the Member States in the autumn .
Another important objective is the economic viability of care services faced with an ageing population which , as I said earlier , is one of the main causes of the crises in a number of Member States and will be one of the main causes of future crises in others .
This entire process forms part of a coordinated strategy to modernise social protection systems .
We are working constantly on the comparability of the data and indices needed to facilitate cooperation between the Member States .
These are important issues which we shall continue to work on , using appropriate political tools and bearing in mind that they need to be complementary and cohesive .
A central bank has been established and has introduced a national currency .
On 22 December 2002 , Afghanistan and its six neighbours signed the Kabul Declaration of Good Neighbourly Relations , in which they agreed not to interfere in each other 's internal affairs ; this will do a great deal to foster peace and stability in the region .
Over the past six months there have been a number of reforms , some visible reconstruction and limited restoration of the balance of power both within the central administration and between the centre and the regions .
Consequently , the administration will need to introduce even greater order over coming months , keep a lid on hostilities and improve how the institutions function , because otherwise it risks incurring the disappointment of the people , with the risk of their turning their back on the central administration , relaxing in their efforts to meet the demands of the international community and jeopardising the efforts being made to achieve the objectives of the Bonn Agreement .
We share the view of the Afghan people that , as long as there is a state of insecurity , the degree of progress hoped for has still not been made .
Naturally , Community aid to Afghanistan will continue to be provided on terms dictated by the basic principles and values we subscribe to as members of western society .
We are encouraging the Afghan Transitional Administration , in close consultation with the international community , to establish verifiable benchmarks and timetables to ensure the full implementation of the Bonn Agreement .
We welcome the fact that a constitutional drafting committee has been set up to draft a constitution which will modernise the judicial system and protect human rights .
We welcome Italy 's contribution here in organising the conference on the Afghan legal system in Rome last December .
We have reiterated the European Union 's continued commitment to delivering a substantial contribution to the reconstruction of Afghanistan .
Finally , may I remind you that , in its conclusions of 4 December , the Council invited the High Representative and the European Union 's special representative , Mr Vendrell , to follow closely the implementation of the Petersberg commitments and , in cooperation with the Commission , to make recommendations for further actions that the European Union can undertake in support of the Afghan Transitional Administration .
Mr President-in-Office , I fully endorse your presentation of the situation in Afghanistan .
I should like to highlight two points which should not be left out of any discussion of Afghanistan .
It was not the European Union that trained , armed and helped the Taliban through Pakistan .
First , the horrendous allegations about the slaughter in Mazar-I-Sharif .
In this sense , our objectives must be to establish a stable rule of law with stable institutions that allow democracy to function and everyone 's rights to be respected .
Are they with us or do they have a separate agenda , in which case our common objectives may not be so common after all .
If this is true , the best thing we can do for institutional development , democratisation and stabilisation is to involve as many Afghan citizens as possible .
However , a year after Bonn , I think coordination is a serious problem , both in the provision and distribution of aid and , more to the point , the policy being applied .
Women , of course , are still in a dire situation in all sectors .
This sort of soil provides an ideal breeding ground for extremist movements such as the Taliban .
We have a history of respect for human rights for institutional , historic and cultural reasons .
It is a tradition in Europe and we must respect it wherever necessary .
We , for our part ,