of Congress and my true and definitive political vocation is a parliamentary one .
I would now like to briefly indicate the principles and firstly point out , as this House knows very well , the intergovernmental nature of the area we are dealing with from which , furthermore , stems the principle of voluntarism , the direct link to the European Council and the sui generis organisation of this area , which includes the High Commissioner and the Secretary-General , who will subsequently have the opportunity to speak to this House concerning another area , the PSC , the Military Committee and the European Military Staff .
Please allow me now to refer , before listing the objectives of the Spanish Presidency , to the slogan chosen by this Presidency for this six-month period : as you know , 'more Europe ' , which applies both internally and externally .
As I said earlier , Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , we can group the objectives for these six months of the Spanish Presidency into the following three areas : operative or operational objectives , institutional objectives and objectives relating to public opinion .
We still do not know , but neither do we know what the elements of that force which would have to be deployed in the initial moments would be .
An answer was given in record time and seventeen panels of experts have been created and are now operating , and they are working on analysing solutions for the twenty-three priorities or shortcomings considered the most important .
That no doubt brings us to an important , if not decisive , aspect , not just of our Presidency , but of the development of the European security and defence policy , which is the relationship between the European Union and the Atlantic Alliance , the development of the so-called Berlin Plus agreement , particularly in the chapter relating to the permanent access of the European Union during crisis management processes to NATO 's capabilities .
We neither want to replace nor interfere with the competences of the Foreign Ministers ; we simply want to do our work , to be able to deal with the problems I have referred to : the effectiveness of the Headline Goal and the possible deployment of Petersberg tasks .
We have therefore prepared a kind of decalogue - the number of principles is of minimal importance at the end of the day - which achieves consensus on the broad principles that would govern a European arms policy .
I am clearly referring to the treatment given to prisoners , the treatment of the civil population , the treatment of private property and the relationship with civil authorities in the implementation of these tasks .
Ladies and gentlemen , I have already pointed out that the Spanish Presidency - and President Aznar was able to say this in this House - treats the fight against terrorism as its main priority .
There are also grounds , however , to believe that much remains to be done .
I believe we must realise that , if we want a defence policy , we have to pay for it and that it is important to reconcile , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , the desire of public opinion for the European Union to be present on the international stage with the need not to take on too much expenditure , which is apparently not very popular amongst our public opinion .
I believe that that approach hinders and slows down our ability to develop the autonomous , independent and effective security and defence policy that Europe needs .
I believe that today 's debate may be a great help to the policy which the President-in-Office of the Council intends to pursue , because there is a slight discrepancy between his views and those of many of the participants : the President-in-Office of the Council has insisted on the intergovernmental nature of the defence policy and here - on the one hand Mr Brok and , on the other , various other Members such as Mr Titley , Mr Marset , Mr Morillon , etc. , and Commissioners Patten and Liikanen - have indicated that there are elements for a European policy in the field of the arms industry .
I was enormously interested in Commissioner Patten 's approach on the budgetary issues and also the reply he received , amongst others , from Mr Souchet .
In fact , ladies and gentlemen , this does not hinder the SMEs , because every country has examples of small and medium-sized businesses being able to link their production to large programmes and to participate by means of their involvement with large European consortia , which are no doubt inevitably , and perhaps in a transatlantic sense , the future of companies .
It is a fact that NATO is currently completely irreplaceable as an instrument for collective defence .
Russia 's relations with the Atlantic Alliance are currently so excellent that it would be madness not to take this opportunity to establish stable mechanisms through the necessary institutional reforms .
Therefore , we will have to rethink the bodies whose nature has rapidly changed from transitional to permanent , but they will have to be reconsidered nonetheless .
I am very happy to do so .
I believe that this is one of the most difficult debates I have taken part in and we must approach it with our customary responsibility and political sense .
The reality of what is going on on the ground leads nowhere ; it does not lead to a solution to the problem and only leads to desperation and misery .
Mr President , I honestly believe that the military response of the Israeli Government that we are witnessing in the occupied territories is intolerable and we must stop it immediately