it , and my sincere congratulations to the rapporteur .     .
I think that we , as Parliament , should support this pragmatic approach .
Regarding penalties , too , something of the sliding scale from soft to hard drugs remains , because it is related to the severity of punishments .
Although something about this is included in the Framework Decision , it has merely legal significance and not the moral significance that we had wanted to lend it , particularly with regard to penalising the enticing of young people into using these repugnant substances .
I hope that the Member States , the Netherlands included , will take some serious action in this regard .
It is regrettable , therefore , that the provisions of the Regulation are being incorporated into Parliament’s Rules of Procedure without the opportunity being taken to prevent arbitrary abuses .
More rules and greater control are not in themselves a guarantee of improved food safety : we can only put an end to tinkering with food if we also demand transparency .
It must not be the case that a cargo is rejected in Rotterdam on food safety grounds yet subsequently enters the EU via a different route .
On behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists , I should again like to thank Mrs Paulsen , and also the Council and the Commission , for their constructive work .
The second is the explicit statement of the need for controls to be carried out without prior warning .
The Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market took a rather different view , but , ultimately , I think that this compromise is a start , and indeed I hope that it is adopted .
We finally have recognition of intellectual property rights throughout Europe .
We are not just talking about pirated CDs , as some people think , but about a broad spectrum of products that are being counterfeited .
I was the one who , at the Green Paper stage , suggested including a reference to criminal law .
The extent of the phenomenon is becoming increasingly alarming , and organised crime is increasingly involved .
We do not want a US-style situation in which legislation is made according to the misconceptions of the day .
However , the debate , which is in essence political , risks being overrun by scores of practical and legal aspects .
What I find incomprehensible , however , and the reason I have asked these questions , is that the European Union has been allowing Israel to violate the rules of origin in the agreement for years .
As the Commission and as guardian of the treaties , you must monitor Member States’ compliance with these obligations .
The question is , however , whether a cumulation system such as this is even possible without a solution to this problem of the preferential import of products from the Occupied Territories .
This means that they meet all the conditions of the rules of origin protocol’ .
The wall that Israel is now erecting is more than a symbol .
If you will be voting ‘yes ’ – and I hope that you will do so in large numbers – then nothing will stop us financially from including all new Member States in the European Union on 1 May of this year .     . – I should like to take this opportunity to express my agreement with Mrs Junker 's original report .
I value the way in which the rapporteur has tackled the topic .
Precisely because the transatlantic dialogue is so meaningful and irreplaceable , it is important to keep the lines of communication with our American friends open .
I gladly subscribe to what the rapporteur has raised in this respect .
The question is only when and under what conditions .
These do not follow the Stabilisation and Association Agreements , but cut right across them .
That is why I can accept the concept of European Partnerships , provided that it is clear how much money we are willing to contribute .
This is , however , necessary .
The Commission has opted only to monitor pollution .
Since the outcome of these negotiations is not yet known , it is impossible for me to take a stand in this .
Limit values are needed , for example for arsenic .
That would be the way forward towards a possible compromise .     – Mr President , on Saturday , the day before Cancún 's failure , the alliance of African countries and countries with the lowest incomes called it a day .
The conservative lobby in this House , however , has put a spanner in the works .
The Commission is now tabling a modest proposal to decouple by 60 % and to channel a good chunk of those subsidies to rural development in the area concerned , but the majority in the European Parliament is hiding behind the US and behind uncertainty as to the outcome , and so pleads in favour of 20 % decoupling .
I am therefore on my guard when the Commission justifies the decoupling of cotton premiums by using the argument that the World Trade Organisation insists on it .
The summit of Gothenburg 's decision to reduce the support for tobacco production was the right one .
Decisions need to be taken at European level in order to promote real economic recovery and a real increase in the level of employment .
If the Heads of Government drop another clanger this time , it will be impossible to convince the European electorate of Europe 's power .
I take the view that if a constitution is not forthcoming , the Heads of Government will throw Europe into crisis , further enlargement will be made impossible and the financial problems will become insoluble .
