I do not therefore understand at all why Mr Nisticò is raising the issue now .
However , it seems that Mr Nisticò still wants to try to raise doubts about the matter .
It is monstrous because we know that a military intervention will , in any case , destroy civil society and create the best possible breeding ground for further terrorism .
With regard to the proposals tabled by the Commission , I would just say that these do not contain what is necessary to prevent terrorism , whose roots go much deeper .
Let us steer clear of these military metaphors and this talk of battles , crusades and waging war .
Mr President , I too should like to thank Mrs Smet for a quite outstanding report .
However , I cannot omit to say that I find it disgraceful that , in the year 2001 , we are still discussing these problems , and we know into the bargain that enlargement is not going to make matters any better , to put it mildly .
The conclusion is that not only do women have lower paid jobs but , as a result , they do not get the plum management positions either , their having access to which is one of the prerequisites for our being able to change the situation .
The study shows that girls receive far less pocket money than boys .
Inequality has thus already been established .
In all other age groups , girls are given less pocket money than boys .
It might also be added that boys have much better jobs and so earn more , too .
It turns out , of course , that boys have more TV sets , more PCs in their rooms etc .
Parents must give some thought to how they treat their children and prevent their being treated unequally from the cradle onwards .
I recommend obtaining this Danish report .
I thought it was very interesting .
If we are once again to talk about equal pay , even if it is a principle that has already been introduced by the Treaty of Rome , it must be time for us to ask ourselves whether other strategies might not be necessary to abolish the wage gap between men and women when the EU' s overall efforts have proved a failure .
It is in individual workplaces that experience is gained .
We must take account of the fact that there are differences between collective agreements and wage agreement systems in the Member States .
In the years to come , the labour market will have a need for a larger workforce , and it is therefore important for us to expend more energy on creating better conditions for women .
Today ' s report on crossing external borders and the development of Schengen cooperation and yesterday ' s proposal from the Commission are really two sides of the same coin .
As a Danish professor of criminal law expressed it very clearly yesterday , the alarming thing is that 'the EU Commission and other institutions are merely using the attacks in the United States as an opportunity to promote far-reaching harmonisation , and harmonisation means that the national traditions of criminal law , criminal procedure and police investigation are eliminated in favour of arrangements adopted in more or less of a panic that make controls more stringent and damage civic rights ' .
He also says : ' Politicians feel they must demonstrate their power to take action , but there is no point at all in harmonising criminal legislation in the EU.
That was the message .
The question underlying every political decision is that of whether we are thereby advancing our aims and , secondly , that of whether the means employed will compromise these aims .
The controls will be harmful , and anyone who cares to read the Supervisory Board ' s report for 1998-99 and subsequent statements on the lack of supervision of the Schengen authorities will acknowledge that I am right .
Madam President , the pictures we have seen in recent days from Afghanistan are of course clear evidence that the problem does not go away but that the flow of refugees unfortunately continues as a direct result of the policy we are pursuing here in our part of the world .
Indeed , that might well be a very sensible idea , but I want , for my part , to say that the prerequisite for my being able to support it is that it should be a sound policy .
What the committee finally agreed upon was to require that we should end up with a policy which , if anything , amounted to the status quo .
I think it would be a good thing if the European Parliament could send out a clear signal now that , if there is to be a common asylum policy in the EU , it must in no circumstances be a policy that provides asylum seekers with poorer conditions than those under which they are at present living in the Member States .
I very much hope that the result of the vote we are to hold this afternoon will be to send out such a signal .
- ( DA ) The Danish Social Democrats in the European Parliament have today voted in favour of the Watson report .
We are nonetheless alert to the fact that the directive is covered by Title IV of the Treaty Establishing the European Community and does not apply to Denmark , cf . the protocol on Denmark ' s position .
- ( DA ) We have voted against the report because we do not believe that it is sufficiently stringent in its criticism of the Cohesion Fund .
Resources must be channelled to where there is most need for them - namely to the candidate