I believe that we can , without in any serious way having to obstruct the free movement of goods and services , preserve a certain measure of internal border controls , precisely in order to prevent various forms of cross-border crime , such as that involving drugs .
I admit , however , that this issue is completely insignificant and it does not affect my positive attitude to Mr Von Wogau 's report .
Like most Swedish politicians , my party in Sweden , the Centre Party , can certainly not support the thesis that a drugs-free society is an unattainable utopia .
However , the European Parliament 's proposal will have no effect on Swedish laws and regulations , dealing as it does with recommendations for a programme of measures .
It contains a number of more liberal formulations where the policy of what is called 'harm reduction ' is concerned .
The UN 's drugs conventions should rather be strictly applied by the EU countries as one element in the battle against drugs .
The reasons for drug abuse are social conditions , exclusion , unemployment and the lack of future prospects for young people .
There should also be popular opposition to drugs and steadfast and consistent action on the part of the police and customs authorities .
This is why I would like to see a consistent overall policy with a single goal : a drug-free society .
This is a task which places us under an obligation and demands that we , as parliamentarians , accept our responsibilities and do not simply let things rest .
Its message is that the battle against drugs cannot be won - but this is not true .
It is by far the most important thing we can do .
It is the most important way of reducing the number of addicts in the future .
It is a defeatist policy .
I cannot therefore support the Burtone report and I hope that this house will be able to produce a more positive and more active policy on drugs .
The policy on drugs must be approached from different angles .
The emphasis here must be on prevention and combating drug trafficking , while treatment detection and prosecution are national responsibilities .
This will also enable us to find a common policy , which will emerge from the results , results which will of course lead to lower demand .
I should also like to thank Mr Burtone for his commitment to this issue and say that I believe the Commission and the Council have chosen a realistic , sensible path , which Parliament should support .
At present the situation is that these controls are conducted on the basis of spot checks without the national customs authorities in Denmark and Sweden having to have any suspicions of criminal behaviour .
This question is therefore extremely important .
Thank you for that answer but I do not believe it was a proper answer to my question as to what Europol will do that Interpol is not already doing .
If no answer is forthcoming to this question it is clearly an organisation set up to compete with Interpol , in which case one might well ask whether it is necessary at all .
I do not agree with Mr Gahrton that the former Swedish National Head of Police is particularly concerned that there may be some overlap between Interpol and Europol .
In fact , I recently visited Lyon with Björn Eriksson , where we talked about how Europol and Interpol should cooperate and how this relationship might be formalised .
The question raised by the honourable Member is a very important one , namely how complaints can be made about Europol operations .
Of course we shall do our best to exercise control in all areas .
My question is as follows .
I have also seen that Sweden is thinking of appointing a delegation to check that resources are being used in the correct manner .
Since the Commission now in any event insists in its document for the Intergovernmental Conference that the common foreign and security policy should include a common defence , it surely must have considered the consequences , particularly the consequences for EU Member States which are neutral and militarily non-aligned .
Is the integration of the WEU in the EU possible given the large number of countries with different security arrangements which are members of the WEU and would the forthcoming enlargement of the EU to include countries in Eastern and Central Europe not be complicated by such integration ?
I should also like to talk about the Commission 's views on the Intergovernmental Conference .
Do you consider that neutrality in the strictest sense is possible for a nonaligned country which is a member of the European Union ?
I should like to know whether the Commission or the EU has imposed any environmental requirements in granting the funds for the bridge .
According to reports the dredging has produced more sludge than anticipated .
It is possible that there might also be the financing of access routes such as the city tunnel in Malmö and others .
Is this the right way to use resources ?
However , the fight against unemployment cannot comprise merely fine words , not even if a separate title in the Treaty is devoted to the subject .
Now the proposal has been abandoned totally .
If unemployment could be 'talked out of existence ' we would have got rid of it here a long time ago - but that is not possible .
We are happy to agree with the liberals that the peace process must be expanded to include Lebanon and Syria .
We condemn the attitude of the Iranian government and we urge the Commission to draw up a comprehensive plan for humanitarian aid for those who have suffered