Road Map is still ineffective and I wonder what has happened to the pressure on Israel .
Following so many events we should remember another two paragraphs of our Resolution ; paragraph 48 , included following the killing of Sheikh Yassin , which : ‘calls on the Council and the Commission to consider acting in full compliance with Article 2 of the Association Agreement with Israel should the policy of extrajudicial killings continue’ .
There is a favourable opinion from the previous plenum about referral to the Court of Justice ; there is a favourable opinion from the Committee on Legal Affairs ; we should have referred the matter to the Court by now .
We are facing an obstacle course .
And I will therefore end , Mr President ... ...
Secondly , Mr President , I would like an explanation of how Mr Barón has received that information , because I was not aware until today that this has happened , and that would also seriously harm the prestige of the services of my committee .
In any event , Mr President , if it is true – and I would now ask for an immediate investigation – the votes taken in committee are null and void and we cannot , therefore , vote on this report tomorrow .     .
I would therefore insist once again , Mr President , that this report must not be referred back to committee , but that it should be voted on as planned , for the reasons I have just given , which I believe to be conclusive .     Mr President , we have asked the competent services to make a linguistic correction because Amendment No 2 has been tabled in English and there are other versions which contain the word ‘considerable’ , which does not appear in the English version , which is the true one .
We must also bear in mind that relations between the European Union and the United States are based on common values , on a shared history , and I believe it is important that we do not forget that the trans-Atlantic link is in the European Union’s genetic code and in a shared passion for freedom .
Nevertheless , Parliament considers that , as proposed in the Council 's draft , the participation of our institution in the different stages of the procedure does not meet our aspirations , particularly in an area which is subject to co-decision .
In my view , Amendment No 3 , which appears in the opinion of the Committee on Budgets , should be withdrawn by its rapporteur .
In sport we have two Olympic games , in winter and in summer , within the same year , and no harm is done .
It is true that the Commission took a long time to react , but it finally did so and implemented an in-depth reform and , so far , we believe that the results are satisfactory .
In our work , we have often insisted that it is necessary to trust in the control of the Commission ’s management , as we have done this morning , while making it clear that we are still concerned about the problem of Eurostat , and we therefore believe it is entirely inappropriate for small groups in this House - whose record and approach in relation to this issue have been very well-known from the outset and have never changed - to try to use this issue for electoral party political ends .
I believe that increased productivity and labour quality are the best remedies for slowing down relocation .
I shall give explanations about what I have said .
On the other hand , Mr President , and according to the explanations given by the secretariat of my committee , and of which the Presidency is directly aware from the note which was sent to it , it is absolutely clear that all , absolutely all , the documents were available in the Committee on Freedoms at the start of the day on the 20th .
I was on the Committee on Citizens ’ Freedoms and Rights , Justice and Home Affairs and saw the people looking for the documents when they disappeared .
But he is not telling the whole truth .
Each country has its own distinctive reality .
These women have practically no access to contraception and forced marriages and poverty are also part of their reality .
Inequality for women in south-east Europe must be a priority for all of us , because we are talking about democracy and not about women 's problems .
Hence the timeliness of the Resolution we are discussing , which is perhaps a repetition , according to the Socialist Group – and this is the reason why it has not wished to sign up to this resolution – but nevertheless necessary , because events in Cuba are , regrettably , repeating themselves and the situation not only remains unchanged , but as the months have passed has actually deteriorated .
I am aware , however , that people who have been shown to have collaborated with an aggressive power would be imprisoned in our countries as well .
The US Administration is denying them and their families their legitimate rights as defined in the most fundamental rules of international humanitarian law .
It is highly regrettable that certain groups in this House continuously condemn the situation in Cuba in terms of political prisoners , opponents of the Cuban Government but , nevertheless , avoid debating the horrendous conditions of the five Cubans jailed in the United States , who are denied family visits and fair trials .
The twenty-first century must overcome the horrors of the twentieth century , and we are overcoming the horrors we have experienced in Europe for good .
