in mind firstly domestic or national projects , implementation of which has been restricted to rail networks .
I believe this is an excellent result , and would like to congratulate the rapporteur once again .     .
In the near future , it could have serious implications for the cultivation of citrus fruits in the region of Valencia , and across Europe .
I am convinced that this work and the report being presented today will make a valuable contribution towards continuing to improve safety at sea in Europe and doing as much as possible to prevent further environmental catastrophes .
The new Member States must have incorporated all Community legislation on safety at sea into their respective legal systems by 1 May .
With regard to places of refuge , the evaluation of plans for providing refuge for ships in distress conducted by the Commission in cooperation with the European Maritime Safety Agency has now been completed .
As a preventive measure we are currently looking at reinforcing this concept .
You stress , with strong arguments , the human factor and the correct application of the International Convention on Standards of Training , Certification and Watchkeeping for Seafarers .
Once again we regret the Council’s delay – and I use those words quite clearly – in requiring the Member States to ratify these agreements that have been adopted , which is going to delay the availability of the compensation if an accident occurs .
Once again , Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the European Parliament has shown how much importance it attaches to the Commission ’s work .
My group , therefore , did not table many amendments , but those amendments were key as we believe that they affect significant points and , although we disagree on some approaches and would like others to be better thought through , I will only highlight those that I consider to be essential .
This is the rigour and accuracy that we want to see throughout the Sterckx report , defending the real situation of fisheries in order to support it , which you are aware that we want to do .
The Commission needs to be quicker and stricter in applying its Directives on safety at sea to the Member States and it needs to create the right conditions in cooperation at international level .
Talking of the Member States , Parliament has had to put up with hijacking manoeuvres and a lack of cooperation on the part of those who were then in charge of the Spanish Government .
I think that the fact that the vessel was sailing in an unsuitable condition was the responsibility of the owner , the captain , the oil company that owned the cargo , but above all , it was the responsibility of the classification society ABS , whose inspection conducted in the port of Dubai four months before it sank had not been correctly carried out according to the audit subsequently conducted by the International Association of Classification Societies .
I join with other speakers in their positive response to the important work produced by the committee , chaired by Mr Jarzembowski , and to the excellent work of the rapporteur , Mr Sterckx .
Thank you for this , Mr President , and thank you , Commissioner , for all the progress we have made under your drive and direction .
The experts have been ignored , not to say scoffed at , and I am sorry that Mr Sterckx has reneged on the pact that he made with the Group of the European People 's Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats in order to have , at this time , the President of the House that we have .
This time has been different from that time , in the eighties and nineties , when nothing was done , whilst , for example , the United States , following the disaster , took a series of measures that now allow them to assert that their coastlines are much safer , given that there can never be zero risk .
To move on the issues relating to the true situation of Community law , we are first of all monitoring the timetable closely .
Neither can the governments intervene in the legal decisions of the Member States .
I will now comment on spills .
The classification societies should be the guarantee and , in this respect , Mr De Ruiter , the European Maritime Safety Agency and also the Commission are monitoring and analysing their behaviour because , as you know , ladies and gentlemen , we have increased the responsibility of the classification societies following the disaster and we can even withdraw their power to recognise and certify vessels in relation to European ports .
Therefore , to a certain extent , we are already looking at this problem , but we will only be able to go further when at international level , which is what we are pushing for , all questions of auditing and of the responsibility of the Member States issuing the flag are clearly reinforced .
For this reason , we must back what is attainable at the moment : greater cooperation and coordination between the coastguards of the different Member States and , of course , an expansion of the role of the European Maritime Safety Agency .
We are neither Spaniards nor French : we are championing a political course to self-determination for the Basque country .
First of all , I would like to sincerely congratulate Mr Cocilovo on his excellent work .
The execution of the great projects of the Trans-European Transport Network also suffers from a lack of funds .
On the other hand , we need to understand the concerns of those countries that are expecting a possible increase in transport costs and , therefore , a comparatively unfavourable situation