European integration .
The UK Labour Members of the PSE Group welcome this report without endorsing all of its detail .
We think a re-organising of the Treaties and their simplification would make it easier for citizens to see clearly the field of EU responsibilities - and their limits - as well as the procedures for exercising these responsibilities .
We welcome the idea that future changes , after Nice , could be prepared by a convention involving national parliaments , the European Parliament and government representatives , as recently tried , successfully , with the convention that prepared the Charter of Rights .
Ratification , however , must be up to each Member State in accordance with its own procedures and traditions .
We also do not wish to pre-empt this work by deciding now what should be in the new constitution , such as whether the Charter should be included .
We have a constitution already in the form of the Treaties , in so far as they lay down the competences of the Union , its procedures and the composition and powers of its institutions .
However they are not codified , they are unclear and they are insufficient as regards efficiency and democracy .
We welcome attempts to improve them .
I welcome Mr Gil-Robles ' report on reinforced cooperation .
While reluctantly accepting that in an enlarged European Union there will be a need for an 'avant-garde ' I agree with Mr Gil-Robles that there are some essential conditions that must be fulfilled : Reinforced cooperation must be developed within the institutional framework of the Union .
It must preserve the single institutional framework within which all MEPs and all Commissioners participate fully in the exercise of the functions of each institution .
The procedure for activating reinforced cooperation should be the same for all pillars and should be based on the existing procedure for the first pillar , with the few modifications set out in Mr Gil-Robles ' report .
If reinforced cooperation proves necessary I am convinced that only the Community system offers the necessary guarantees in terms of democratic control , legal controls and solidarity .
The UK Labour members of the PES Group welcome the adoption of their contribution to the ongoing work of the IGC on reinforced cooperation , without endorsing every single detail .
Clearly the triggering of reinforced cooperation must be made easier in an enlarged Union .
It must be used sparingly and must remain open to those who do not initially participate .
It must not undermine the existing core of common policies and commitments .
It must take place within the existing institutional structure .
On these key principles we are in agreement with the report even if the details will require further refinement in the IGC.
Mr President , I would also like to congratulate Mr Cushnahan on his report .
I should like to thank him for once again being so adaptable in writing that report and being prepared to involve his colleagues so that there is no need for us to go through a lengthy amendment procedure because we reached consensus when the report was being drawn up .
Once again we see the handover of power in Hong Kong has generally gone very well and has defeated some of the more pessimistic forecasts .
Clearly , demonstrations still take place on a weekly basis in Hong Kong , movements are permitted in Hong Kong which are not permitted in China , the economy has survived a difficult period and continues to thrive and , as Mr De Clercq has said , the WTO membership for China should actually be an opportunity for Hong Kong , given its tremendous power in financial services in particular , and given that much of Hong Kong manufacturing has already moved to China .
However , as Mr Cushnahan has pointed out , there are areas of concern and they are set out well in his report so I do not need to go through them .
But I may quote one or two examples .
The Chinese news agency telling Mrs Anson Chan and the civil servants they had to better support the Chief Executive seems to me like interference in the affairs of another country .
The various reports of businessmen being put under pressure not to trade with Taiwan is also cause for concern .
The recent sacking or movement of one of the directors of Radio Television Hong Kong appears to have been as a result of pressure from the mainland .
All of these things in themselves may not add up to a great deal because they are part of a normal power struggle that you would see , provided , that is , that what Hong Kong was based on was a thriving , democratic system that could resist those sorts of pressures .
But we have to be concerned that in Hong Kong democracy is not going the way that we would have liked .
We have already heard of the unfair nature of the election system .
We will note , as was pointed out recently in the Financial Times by an adviser to the former Governor , the extent to which the rules were pushed back in 1997 .
But when you see someone like Christine Loh resigning because there is no point in being in the legislative any more that , to me , is a significant signal that things are not going well .
And when someone who works for the Chief Executive is accused of interfering in opinion polls , that also bodes ill for the future .
It is not just a question of point scoring , a lot of modernisation is needed in Hong Kong .
That will only come about if there is a consensus and the top-down government in Hong Kong at the moment is ill-equipped to build consensus within Hong Kong .
