These measures have consisted to date of demarches to countries which have not yet signed up to the Convention , including associated countries , and it has also recommended that churches sign the Convention .
These demarches are carried out by the Presidency at the time .
In addition , the European Parliament and Council resolutions of 23 July 2001 concerning action against anti-personnel landmines in developing countries and in third countries other than developing countries both state in article 3 that operations against landmines financed by the Union must in principle benefit those countries which are party to the convention banning landmines .
I should also like to point out that no reports have been submitted to the Council on the use of depleted uranium ammunition by the American or British forces during the intervention in Afghanistan .
Decisions on the use of various types of ammunition are taken by Member States exercising their national sovereignty .
Thank you , Mr President .
If you cannot stop the fires , what is the point in monitoring the forests ?
That is why , even though the primary objective when dealing with this problem is still and always will be prevention , I think this is a very important initiative and I congratulate you , Commissioner , on your proposal on the prevention and reduction of risks associated with drug dependence .
Raising public awareness in order to gain acceptance of various forms of treatment and other user protection programmes is vital if we are to be able to implement the proposed recommendation .
This should also encourage users to be more careful when taking drugs and adopt a healthier lifestyle .
Inevitably , the prison staff also face an immediate danger and a number of amendments have been proposed in order to reflect this .
Greece too has soldiers who have been affected and are now suffering from various forms of cancer and being treated in secret .
These weapons are scattered all over Greece .
The good old international community , despite its meddling in terrorist laws and rapid reaction forces , has done nothing to ban depleted uranium weapons .
A year after the failed American-backed coup , which was tacitly tolerated by the European Union and openly supported by Spain , which then had the presidency , the enemies of progress , democracy and social justice have again tried to overthrow President Chavez and the constitutional order .
I should like to point out , however , that the former Member of Parliament , Leyla Zana , has been in prison for some ten years now .
We are not living in an era of autocratic regimes .
We should accept that there is an international balance of trade deficit in cultural and audiovisual products ; they all flow from the other side of the Atlantic towards Europe , with very little movement in the other direction .
We cannot have one sauce for the goose and one for the gander .
On the contrary , we recognise that their work helps foster economic growth ; but they should not hamper further liberalisation and , by extension , further growth in the European economy .
That is why we stand by our position on pilotage , where idiosyncrasies , different approaches and safety factors have to be taken into account .
In other words , agricultural spending is to be slashed in line with the WTO approach and under pressure from the USA , and this will be compounded by mandatory restructuring and an anti-farming slant to the partial reform of the CAP.
All this does is to prove that the budget is still an anti-grass roots budget and that the sacrifices imposed on the workers in the interests of the monopolies are continuing , in the Lisbon vein now , with increased exploitation , attacks on workers ' employment and insurance rights , galloping unemployment , environmental disasters and even greater commercialisation of health , education and social services .
Instead of helping to maintain peace , the budget is being used to fund more militarisation and aggression on the part of the European Union and its anti-democratic , anti-grass roots philosophy .
Under the new system , terms and operating licences will be the preserve of a decision-making centre , which will be different from the past port services provider , because the same agency cannot act as both service provider and port manager .
Under Article 6.5 , the service provider has the right to employ personnel of his own choice , but no reference whatsoever is made to qualifications or training .
The presentation of the results was followed by an extended debate between all the European institutions .
As Thomas Mann said , the situation is different , the economic situation is not auspicious , and this is having a significant impact on unemployment , with certain groups of the populace being harder hit than others .
Having agreed on the three basic objectives , we then come to the substance of the guidelines .
So we have three basic objectives and eleven basic priorities around which the guidelines on employment are structured .
Another important point is partnership .
The social partners need an enhanced role , the procedure needs to be advertised in order to increase awareness among as many citizens and agencies as possible and , of course , in the European and national parliaments , the territorial dimension of the strategy needs to be developed in the form of regional and local employment plans , civil society needs to be galvanised into action and , finally , parliamentary bodies need to be more involved in the procedure .
The first stage is to decide on the general guidelines for the strategy on employment and the broad economic policy guidelines at the spring Council .
The fourth , once these guidelines have been approved , is to draw up national