emissions , is much to be commended , I think it vital for our Parliament to take account of the situation of the most remote regions of the EU.
Can you assure us that , during a transition period , this fund will really help workers that are penalised by this type of process to rebuild their careers thanks to training schemes ?
Restructuring is necessary in order to keep our businesses economically competitive .
I wanted to draw your attention here to the Member States that have rightly made job creation a key feature of their projects by investing more than 35 % of the ESF funds in modernising their education and training systems .     Mr President , I should like to congratulate our rapporteur , who has addressed the key points and who spoke , in her speech , of an improved climate .
The standard policy of competition and liberalisation , for example of the energy market , efforts to mitigate the effects of globalisation , which is regarded as inescapable and , in essence , beneficial to shareholders , the modernisation of intellectual property law , the symbol of which is the software patent – which was rejected by users and SMEs in the sector - and the simplification of legislation , such as the REACH Directive - that 1 200-page convoluted text that is jeopardising the European chemical industry .
If that is what the Commissioner wants , then I will bow to his wishes , but if it was your decision , Madam President , then you should know that it is genuinely unacceptable to thus deny a Member of Parliament the opportunity to debate in this House with the Commissioner .
I should like to take advantage of this opportunity to assure you that the Commission is aware of the anxieties expressed by some owners of large recreational craft in certain Member States .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , we are now on the point of reaching an agreement at second reading with the Council on a very sensitive proposal .
On certain points , relating in particular to the flight and duty time limitations of cabin crew , we simply need to carry out a scientific and medical assessment before reaching a decision on the matter .
The Commission therefore has no difficulty in accepting the amendments that reflect these three principles and therefore supports the compromise amendments , that is to say Amendments 19 to 25 .
I am grateful to the Commission for its openness in this regard .     Mr President , I should like to thank the rapporteur , Mr Stockmann , for the outstanding work he has done in negotiating a more than satisfactory agreement with the Council and the Commission .
Mr President , I hope that this text will be adopted by a large majority and will thus make it possible to improve air safety in Europe , to guarantee fair competition and to make it easier for staff to move around within the Community .
We are currently facing a worrying development in Europe : in Slovakia , the social democrats are allying themselves with the extreme right to form a government ; similar developments are taking place in Poland ; and in the Netherlands , the centre-right government , in an attempt to hold on to power , is forming an alliance with the populist extreme right .
You have not given Europe a direction .
As you can see , there is much to do if your Presidency is not to be a wait-and-see Presidency .     .
This debate has made it clear that there is broad support for the idea that we must do more at Community level , too .
Ladies and gentlemen , when we were talking about a Europe of results , we did not know that the football was so soon going to show Europe 's ability to be the best in terms of results .
Faced with such a challenge , is the European Union going to let the Palestinian institutions that it has spent 12 years helping to create be destroyed ?
Despite the increasing numbers of deaths and the cycle of violence that is re-emerging , we are not hearing anybody say : enough , enough , enough !
One constant concern is the possibility of the conflict in the region undergoing a sort of ‘iraqisation’ : kidnappings and executions of hostages , such as that of 18-year-old Eliahou Asheri , which hardly anybody has mentioned , who was shot in the head because he was hitch-hiking in Jerusalem .
Finally , allow me to express my great regret at the fact that the European Parliament 's resolution voted on last month made no reference to the statement of the Palestinian prisoners , because I believe that that text is the most encouraging sign for the Palestinian authority led by Mahmoud Abbas , which we must support .     Mr President , I would confirm that linguistic difficulty .
It is unacceptable for Member States of the European Union to turn a blind eye to intolerable violations of fundamental rights .
The second thing I wish to say is that I have taken careful note of what the Vice-President of the Commission , Mr  Frattini , said about neither he nor his department knowing anything about this case .
Parliament really does need to put a stop to this type of thing .
Everyone will be delighted this evening with the outcome of the negotiations .
The meeting on migration , which will be held next week in Rabat , is a first , very encouraging step .
I have always been in favour of more transparency in decision-making procedures , but not in this particular case .
These very sensitive issues are at the centre of countless questions and debates that mobilise governments , citizens and elected representatives .
