protected .
Which surprises me if I consider the position of Europe’s countryside , if I consider the major agricultural reform that has now started and which will result in sometimes drastic drops in income , but it also surprises me if I consider the enormous programme for rural development that we need to introduce as yet in the ten new Member States .
In the United Kingdom , the exact reverse is true .
My group is also critical of your plans , though .
That would mean that up to 2013 , we would have a budget that is lower than we have at present , while the European Union has enlarged .
All the while , we are busy making lists of ambitions .
In that way , we will retain a Europe that is mainly focused on the market and the currency , and that is heading absolutely the wrong way .
Prove it in the negotiations , for that is the only way of creating a Europe that is not the old Europe of the market and of the currency , but a Europe that takes people and the environment to heart .     Mr President , the Prodi multiannual financial package is now referred to as the Barroso multiannual financial package , as long as it is based on 1.14 % , although to me , 1 % , 1.14 % , 1.24 % ... is not of the essence .
This would create actual room for knowledge innovation in the countryside and in the urban areas , with priority being given to the ten new acceding countries .
We want a new neighbourhood policy .
That applies to the Netherlands as well as to other countries .
I do indeed believe , Commissioner , that everyone expects you , with your personal dedication and your personal knowledge of the region , together with your colleague , Mrs Ferrero-Waldner , to have a stronger and more effective presence in that region , and I should like to hear your view on this .     Mr President , it is important that we be given the opportunity of discussing the financial framework in good time and of voting on it in the parliamentary committees at regular intervals .
Let me say , turning to the financial perspectives , that the 1 % does , of course , make them impossible .
Asylum seekers are not criminals ; they are fellow human beings and should , accordingly , be received under humane conditions .
We believe that , if such a policy is to be adopted , a separate budget line should be created for supporting new initiatives and promoting the exchange of useful experience between the various Member States .
What is its objective ?
Moreover , it was stated a moment ago that the Council would , in the next few days , be deciding to adopt this strategy after all .
Should we , for example , provide needles to drug users who live on the streets ?
As long as they still use drugs , which they do , I think that prevention and information are important .
On behalf of my group , I have therefore tabled two amendments enabling the continued application of sanctions in respect of drug offences , alongside preventive measures .
The alternative to this approach is not to become indifferent and consequently to resign oneself to the damage which drugs do to the health of the users and the nuisance they cause for others , as also do alcohol and nicotine .
I would remind you of the valiant positions taken up in France on the Turkey issue by Robert Badinter , Hubert Védrine and the former Socialist Education Minister , Claude Allègre , all of whom have cautioned us about the disastrous consequences of Turkey’s possible accession .
I ask you , Europe , where are your grand principles ?     Mr President , we are at an important crossroads here in this House and the key issue these days – not only in politics , but also among the public – is , of course , the possible start of negotiations with Turkey .
That is why , quite apart from the whole core discussion that has been going on for months in this House and elsewhere , I should like to press home the fact that it would be good if an important section of the report that is now before us for final vote were also to be included in the Council’s conclusions .
I am glad that the President-in-Office of the Council has made this a key issue .
I still think it desirable , though , to appoint a European Commissioner to focus solely on the elimination of superfluous and obsolete rules .
I congratulate Mr Nicolaï on the inclusion in the agenda of the need for good communication about European integration .
I think that Mr Balkenende’s article in of 7 December was excellent ; one of his conclusions was that the Union is about dynamic values .
They will be made in research and development , human rights , the environment , external affairs , youth exchanges and culture – precisely those areas which are close to people’s hearts and which visibly add value at European level .
A budget that is born of euroscepticism will only breed more of it .
Where measures to fight terrorism are concerned , though , almost nobody dares make this critical assessment .
With regard to Romania , can you guarantee that we keep the requirements for that country strict ?
Over the past few months , you have held a debate about standards and values .
I will for a moment forget this meeting place , Strasbourg , but I would refer to the inefficient Treaty of Nice and the agreements surrounding agricultural spending which were too expensive and produced too little change