I know that , before the regulations were adopted , an abortive attempt was made to negotiate , but this does not mean that the present negotiations would suffer the same fate .
The negotiations which the Commission has started with Canada , the USA and Russia are the first international agreement to focus on animal welfare .
( Parliament adopted the resolution )
Genetically modified maize Mr President , let me say at the outset that it is always a tragedy when a workplace closes or moves to another country , not least for the employees .
One might wish that such interest were always shown when a workplace closes or moves , and perhaps especially when the reason for the closure has something to do with money from the EU Structural Funds .
It concerns the American-owned Boston Scientific Corporation at Stenløse , where 258 employees will be put out onto the street at the end of 1997 , because the firm is moving to Ireland with support from the EU Structural Funds .
Money from the Structural Funds should not be used to switch unemployment from one Member State to another .
Madam President , free competition and free market forces are necessary to safeguard the competitiveness of European industry .
The Liberal Group therefore wants to ensure free competition in the European car industry and thereby also to secure economic advantages for us consumers .
This is a Commission regulation providing for exemption from the rules on free competition enshrined in the Treaty of Rome .
I also hope that Commissioner Bangemann will act on the terms of Amendment No 7 calling for the Commission to put a stop to the systematic infringement by motor vehicle manufacturers and importers of the Block Exemption Regulation .
At the same time I propose that this High Level Panel , as one of its first tasks , call a conference on the very important subject of the impending changes in the motor industry .
Madam President , there are two things I would like to stress .
We talk about liberalization .
But at the same time there are countries which are lagging seriously behind in the on-going process .
It is immensely difficult to get the European people to believe in what we are trying to achieve when they see firms moving out of their country with support from the Union .
It is difficult to get the European people to believe in our project when they see state aid going to various enterprises behind the Commission 's back and being approved after the event .
Shipbuilding capacity in Europe is already huge .
I can well understand Mr Miller 's proposal .
There was some talk of holding conferences .
But we have a problem of what to say to the people of Europe .
I therefore appeal to the Commissioner to focus the Council 's attention on these situations .
A company does not pay much tax for the first ten years after setting up in Ireland .
It does in the rest of Europe .
Hence we are not merely concerned with competition policy here ; we are also talking about fiscal policy and state subsidies .
Mr President , I will concentrate on three points .
The second is the reason for amending the Directive , and the third is the content itself .
Opinions may differ as to what is most appropriate .
It may be claimed that it is because Parliament has been too long in discussing the matter but , whatever the case may be , it is not a satisfactory situation .
As regards the reasons for amending the Directive , the Commission maintains that there may be grounds , in an area in full spate of development , to look again at a directive which has its origins in the 1980s , although it was not adopted until 1990 .
We are thus expected more or less to take the Commission 's word for it and adopt the proposal without actually knowing who the Commission has consulted on this matter , who its advisers were and so forth .
As I have said , there may be grounds for amending the Directive , but the need for an amendment should be documented .
On the content itself , the key issue for us is that the level of protection must not be lowered .
This means that we will be supporting a number of amendments in order to make the proposal more acceptable .
I will merely confirm the conclusion Mr Virgin drew from my answer .
As there are a good many questions to answer , I will refrain from going into detail on the matter , but there are a number of facilities that can certainly be used .
I entirely agree that these matters must remain subject to the precautionary principle , and I also agree that that principle must be applied extensively in the research programme .
I think it may be appropriate to look at the matter in a broader context and , in the light of the brief debate we have had here , we will consider how we can tackle it on a somewhat broader basis than dealing with it solely as an environmental issue .
I cannot promise to answer all supplementary questions on substances we need to look at more closely in connection with the question put by Mr Spencer .
We have already got to grips with some of these problems in the context of the Drinking Water Directive , of which the questioner is no doubt also aware .
I understand from Directorate-General XI that we have not concerned ourselves specifically with the problems raised by the questioner , but we will look at them in the context indicated .
When we discuss these problems relating partly to human health and partly to the environment , we very often get into a situation in which we quickly need scientific results other than those immediately available to us .
On