itself must stick to its own commitments .
We have to keep our word - pacta sunt servanda .
These were unanimous decisions of all 27 Member States .
We also encourage Turkey to work to meet the opening benchmarks already defined for 13 chapters .
In the Commission we aim at presenting as objective and fair a report as the one presented by Ms Oomen-Ruijten .
Especially , there is very strong emphasis on reforms without unnecessary delay as regards the freedom of expression , the infamous Article 301 and other equivalent articles , as well as religious freedoms .
Likewise , we need to see progress on women 's rights , trade union rights , as well as cultural and religious rights and international obligations over Turkey .
Concerning the Armenian issue , the Commission supports Parliament 's call , as expressed in your draft resolution , for a process of reconciliation between Turkey and Armenia .
Therefore , the reform of Article 301 is also essential for a serious and effective debate on the Armenian issue that could lead to genuine reconciliation .
I do , and you have also , set very strong demands for Turkey as regards the reform process and rightly so .
We have to keep our word and stick to the accession perspective of Turkey as outlined in the negotiation mandate .
( Applause ) Otherwise , we can shout as loud as we wish , but it would be like shouting for the forest .
Member of the Commission . - Mr President , I would like to congratulate Mr Kacin for his solid report , which captures the essential aspects of the current state of EU-Serbia relations .
I particularly agree with the importance granted to visa facilitation and with the call for progress now to be made on visa liberalisation .
We are at a very critical juncture in our relations with Serbia .
The deadline of 10 December for Kosovo talks is fast approaching , and the work of the international troika is entering a crucial phase .
We fully support the work of the EU 's representative , Ambassador Wolfgang Ischinger , and we will leave no stone unturned in seeking a negotiated solution .
I have also had intensive discussions with Member States and with the Serbian authorities on the stabilisation and association agreement .
The Commission has first negotiated and then finalised the technical work on the draft text of this agreement , which is currently being assessed by Member States in the Council working group .
Concerning the ICTY , as I have said before , for the moment I see Serbia 's part of the glass as being half full rather than half empty .
We are ready , once Serbia is ready by meeting the conditions .
The ball is now clearly in Serbia 's court .
Too often , these tend to be forgotten in our debates .
However , ICTY cooperation cannot be a stop-start process , and more needs to be done to achieve full cooperation , especially concerning intensified search operations and access to archives and documents .
This requires Serbia to do everything in its powers to locate and arrest the fugitives and to provide the ICTY with all the necessary information leading to their arrest and transfer to tribunal in The Hague .
I am convinced that the country can make relatively rapid progress on its European road once it meets the essential conditions .
That is crucial , not just for Serbia 's European aspirations , but for the stability and progress of the whole Western Balkans .
Commissioner . - ( FI ) Madam Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I wish to thank everyone for an objective and responsible debate , as well as the rapporteur for a very factual report .
The Serbian government is now playing the role very much of a guard : it has the keys in its hands .
It has to be said that this is an excellent and timely topic .
This is conspicuous everywhere in Europe in the shape of a decline in general fitness .
It is also conspicuous as a range of side-effects .
Diabetes has also become a commoner phenomenon , as has cardiovascular disease .
We should also understand that exercise is vitally important for a person 's general wellbeing .
In Finland our Olympic winner Tapio Korjus is now heading a body education project , which is an attempt to promote the view that healthy physical education has an effect on a person 's general wellbeing .
This should also be required of teachers because there are special problems with many children in remote areas .
I really hope that improvements will be made to physical education , that schools and fitness organisations will find one another more easily , and that all children and young people can experience the delights of physical education in their own lives and build their future upon it . on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group . - ( FI ) Mr President , may thanks go to the rapporteur for a serious survey of this issue , although my Group disagrees with many aspects of the matter .
We could nevertheless accept the Statutes for the Euratom Supply Agency if they met three conditions : transparency , self-funding and independence of monitoring .
This means hidden subsidies for nuclear power .
Secondly , independence of monitoring should be guaranteed .
Because of these drawbacks we unfortunately cannot support this proposal . on behalf of the PPE-DE Group . - Mr President , I would like to address the Commission 's agenda , particularly in the economic sector , not only because this is the area where the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs ' interest mostly lies , but it is also of vital importance to the Lisbon Strategy .
