and year out via agricultural policy and regional policy .
A number of scandals are revealed in other ways but , normally , there is never any legal process .
These issues highlight the need for a new Constitution that will better enable us to combat crime and terrorism .
Mrs Niebler offered a constructive explanation of the European Parliament’s criticisms in this area , and I agree with what she said .
We have not seen any evidence of the need for the proposed measures in the area of data retention .
That is not what we need right now .
We support those amendments that open the way for limited top-down government .
Our vote against the European Parliament’s report does not imply support for the Commission ’s original proposal .     We are open to the idea of the EU countries creating a Web-based portal where the Member States make relevant environmental indicators available .
The basic geographical conditions vary from one Member State to another .
At present , the legislation applies where reinsurance is written , meaning that the market players themselves choose which legislation is most appropriate .
Not being able to vote against the Commission ’s proposals , we therefore choose to abstain from voting .     We are completely opposed to this report and believe that , in terms of its individual parts , it is quite absurd .
Reasons in terms of distribution policy as to why the rich countries should help the poor countries in the EU may be adduced but , in that case , the poor countries should decide for themselves how the aid is used .
We fully support that aim since it is important for the Member States and the Community to provide the crime prevention authorities with adequate tools for carrying out their work .
It is therefore necessary for the four Member States and/or the Commission to come back with good examples of when the retention of communications traffic data has been very important to the prevention , investigation , detection and bringing to court of crimes and punishable offences , including terrorism .
The June List cannot therefore support Parliament’s amendments , in spite of the fact that we would have supported the contents of several of them if we had been sitting in the Swedish Parliament .
Reduced prices for tobacco increase consumption and have a harmful effect on public health .
We believe there are better ways of getting to grips with the problems of smuggling .
That such work should lead to the EU having to define and implement a European political project does not , however , make sense .
For the same reason , we have voted against the report as a whole .     Mr President , we now again face proposals to increase EU expenditure and , thus , income .
The obvious answer is no .
The fact that this is the will of our peoples is evident from the referenda in France and the Netherlands and from what we know about public opinion in many other Member States .
Thus , people cannot , in general elections to their parliaments , state that they are opposed to this development .
There is no popular support for increased expenditure in an EU in which just over 70 % of the budget goes on agricultural policy and the regional funds .
In setting priorities , we must also be able to distinguish between the common , and most important , tasks of the EU and the important tasks of the Member States .
If we want Europe to become the world’s most competitive knowledge-based economy , it does not make sense for us to give priority to the rich Member States’ contributions at the expense of developing a common infrastructure in our weakest regions .
The rapporteur has done a fantastic job , involving clear priorities .
I really do not know , however , whether I should feel reassured or disturbed .
There is great anxiety because our people are very much in favour of public service .
Nowadays especially , it is very important to show that we do not believe that the market should take over everything , but that culture and public service should be allowed to continue to play their role .     Mr President , the new Member States have brought new linguistic and national minorities with them into the EU , which is ever more characterised by linguistic diversity .
The fact that the number of MEPs per country decreases when the EU receives new Member States is a problem .
As the rapporteur quite correctly says , one prerequisite for an inclusive minority policy is adequate representation in political decision-making .
Obviously , it could be difficult to decide precisely how these were to be defined , but the problem must not be exaggerated .
Many wars in Europe have been the result of majorities oppressing smaller groups .
Because many alcoholic drinks may be stored for a lifetime , anyone can maintain that a lorry-load of such drinks is for personal use for the next 40 years , an option that would allow smugglers to go free .
Around Europe , there are many patients and people who are in need of care who have a lot to gain from the vision we are presenting in this House of increased opportunities to move across borders .
With this report , we clearly show that we are not on the side of the bureaucrats in this conflict , but on that of the patients .
In Sweden , patients may need to queue up for years , waiting for treatment for which there is overcapacity in other countries .
The amendment entails adding a new paragraph , 4a , about not stating in the resolution that we are to remove health services and medical care from the Services Directive .
