of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party strongly supports the accession to the European Union of the candidate countries and the swift handling of the Accession Treaties .
There were no discussions at all with the European Parliament with regard to this financial framework , so it cannot be binding on Parliament .
That would be a restriction of Parliament 's budgetary authority beyond that contained in the EC Treaty .
This is a clear infringement of the EC Treaty and Parliament 's competence .
The situation must be considered a mess on the part of the Council .
It is a vicious circle .
A new kind of cooperation is needed .
When would we get 300 000 people to attack disease in the poor countries ?
This project of ours is unparalleled in terms of its objectives and scope , and all the better for that .
We also need a situation where no one makes money from medicines , which are literally a matter of life and death , destined for poor countries .
Might this not be what we in the European Union need to help others ?
The directive will serve to improve the professional skills of drivers as well as road safety , as has been said here .
Harmonised regulations concerning initial professional qualifications will raise the social status of drivers and furthermore heighten the esteem the profession is held in .
As the Council has taken the committee 's amendments very much into consideration in the common position , we should proceed without conciliation and swiftly move this issue forward .
The Member States therefore need time to implement this .
What is most important , however , is that the Committee on Culture , Youth , Education , the Media and Sport has managed to deal with the Commission proposal swiftly .
At present , the majority of international exchange students go to the United States of America .
That country has a long tradition of receiving foreign students , in the form , for example , of Fulbright scholarships .
In Europe , the corresponding figure for the number of students from countries outside the Community is around 400 000 .
The same goes for the added value that could be achieved through university networking .
It is perhaps for that reason that the majority on the committee wanted to add the paragraph to Article 4 stating that the purpose of the programme is the 'promotion of language skills , in particular by the use of two languages spoken in the countries in which the institutions involved in the Erasmus Mundus Masters Course are located ' .
Let us for example consider the case of a degree course in biotechnology under the Masters programme , to be undertaken in partnership with higher education institutions in Finland , Latvia and Estonia .
I am sure a requirement to study the language of these countries would do little to enhance the attractiveness of the programme in the minds of young people interested in biotechnology .
I certainly hope that this requirement , so precisely defined as it is , will be deleted in the vote in plenary .
The eLearning Programme is also a good example of excellent cooperation between Parliament and the Commission .
The Committee on Culture , Youth , Education , the Media and Sport has in fact expressed its concern that the Commission proposal will mean less being spent each year on the programme than has now been allocated for the preparatory actions .
Neither do we wish to haggle over the financing of multi-annual programmes that have already been approved .
I would nevertheless like to draw people 's attention to the fact that the opinion of the Committee on Budgets also makes reference to the discrepancy between the Commission proposal and the preparatory actions .
Besides , it concerns such a small amount that it will probably go into the margin for error under heading 3 .
The inclusion of primary schools is , I think , justified for many reasons .
For everyone to be included in the information society it is vital that there is a sufficient number of teachers with information technology skills .
There are still considerable differences in the extent to which the Internet is used among different countries , as we have already heard here .
They will narrow only if there is action on the part of the Member States .
I did not draw the right conclusions from the reports produced by the Court of Auditors regarding the flaws in the accounting system .
We were not equal to the task .
The action taken by the Commission 's former chief accountant , Martha Andreasen , made it possible for the problems to be exposed .
Just a while ago Mrs Andreasen told me that the Emperor has no clothes , that the Commission 's accounting system is rotten to the core , and that things must be swiftly put right .
For her pains , Mrs Andreasen was dismissed from her job .
Instead , they dismissed Mrs Andreasen .
We also have to restore Mrs Andreasen 's ruined reputation .
The report by the Committee on Budgetary Control lists numerous flaws , which give a gloomy picture of both the Commission 's accounting system and ourselves .
If we had to be discharged from liability regarding our own actions I would vote against it .
Mr President , the aim of the proposal before us is to crush the current policy on drugs , which is based on three United Nations Conventions .
The change to the classification of drugs in the UN Conventions , which is called for in the report , is unnecessary .
This I cannot agree to .
In the Nordic countries we have managed to control the drugs problem to a greater extent than elsewhere in Europe .
