It is a simple fact of timing that the year 2008 comes before the end of the decade when the 28th Member State , which is likely to be Croatia , could be ready to join our Union , if it is able to reform its judiciary , economy and meet all the other conditions with full determination and concrete results .
Hopefully , the Research Framework Programme will help us take a few steps closer to the Lisbon objectives .
There is every reason to increase investment in research .
With the new Research Framework Programme , there will be new areas for research and new initiatives .
The Competitiveness and Innovation Framework Programme , for its part , will focus on support for enterprise .
The European Institute of Technology may bring into the equation a top university to compete with other universities .
I fear that all this work will fragment and there will be unnecessary overlap .
The ERA-NET scheme is an important part of this work , but do we already have too many Community initiatives ?
Our European Union does not consist only of Member States that should be covered in full by the Community 's customs regulations .
It is important for both the European Union and its territories that trade between them be able to take place as smoothly as possible .
Because these territories are very different even from each other in terms of their trade with the European Union , it is important that it be made possible to introduce special exemptions for them .
Special arrangements for these areas would not disrupt trade within the Community , and we should , of course , all benefit from the smooth flow of trade and from the fact that unnecessary bureaucratic obstacles had not been erected .
Bilateral arrangements too must be possible in certain cases .
Member of the Commission .
There are two basic scenarios , which may vary from one Member State to another .
Namely , a given Member State may benefit from having the possibility of receiving workers from the new Member States , owing to its demographic profile and the challenges posed by an ageing population .
That is why we have decided to leave this matter to the Member States to judge , and why we have given them the option of applying the transitional measures .
It is without doubt a prerogative of those countries , as for any other Member State .
That particular Member State maintains the same liberal practice for Bulgaria and Romania .
I am glad to note that Mr Stubb has made a rapid career move from the back benches to the front benches here .
That is impressive and remarkable .
Therefore we can continue to argue the case so that we have positive benchmarks , like those two countries and other countries such as the Member State you know best .
This market is of vital importance to many European luxury brand producers , including Scotch whisky producers in my constituency .
As a result , neither duty-free retailers at major international airports outside Europe nor non-EU carriers are able to sell popular goods like premium Scotch whisky to EU-bound passengers transferring at an EU or EEA airport .
The European Council that will meet this week will discuss all aspects of future enlargements , including the Union 's capacity to accept new members and ways to improve further the quality of the enlargement process on the basis of the experience gained thus far .
The European Council will have its general enlargement debate with reference to the enlargement strategy released by the Commission on 8 November .
The aim of the Presidency is for the European Council discussions to give weight to the common view of the future of the enlargement process .
Enlargement is part of Europe 's integration process .
The prospect of membership has prompted the candidate countries to carry out necessary reforms .
The historic fifth round of enlargement will be completed when Bulgaria and Romania , whose intended commissioner candidates were approved here yesterday , join the European Union on 1 January .
This round has already proven to be a success .
We must now ensure that this success story continues .
It is only natural to try and improve the quality of the process of enlargement , and to make the Union better prepared for it .
Integration capacity is nevertheless an important factor to take into account in order to guarantee the success of enlargement .
To preserve the Union 's capacity for integration it is necessary that acceding countries are prepared to accept and implement the obligations that come with membership of the European Union .
It is also essential that the Union can function effectively and can develop .
Both of these considerations are also important in order to obtain the support of the general public for the enlargement process .
The impact of future enlargements on the Union 's institutions , policies and budget needs to be carefully assessed .
We are pleased with the solution arrived at by the Council on Monday .
Progress in the membership process depends on the progress made in this respect .
Headway can only be made in the process if the conditions are met .
Providing timely and factual information can also do much to dispel prevailing doubts .
The two reports before us today are a valuable contribution to this debate .
( Applause ) Mr President , Minister Lehtomäki , ladies and gentlemen , I wish to take this opportunity to thank the Presidency for its excellent and close cooperation during its term , and I would especially like to congratulate it for the decision it took on Monday this week to allow the membership negotiations with Turkey to continue .
I trust that this will be appreciated in this House , and I know that it will at least be appreciated by