For example , we accept that the set-aside system must be reviewed , if necessary by reducing the proportion allocated to the destruction of fish .
But we must also be aware of the fact that the European Union imports almost 60 % of its supplies .
I will not take long , because it is in fact a very good report .
But I should like to emphasize here a point mentioned in Mr McCartin 's report , which I think is an excellent contribution to this debate .
My view is that the paper drawn up by the Producers ' Organizations should have been used as a basis and it would have operated by means of sardines purchased by the Producers ' Organizations at above their removal price .
We hope the amendments we shall be approving today will restore the spirit and the letter of that document , particularly as regards the increase in maximum guaranteed quantities and their national distribution on the basis of real and reliable data .
By agreeing to the use of urgent procedure for the reform of the common organization of the market for olive oil , the European Parliament has taken a very serious political decision , and that decision creates an equally serious precedent for the future .
With this decision only a limited debate has been possible in Parliament , since a period has been allowed for amendments to the Commission 's proposal for a regulation , of which there are over 160 .
For these reasons , although we disagree with the process , we vote in favour of the regulation as amended by a set of amendments that originated in our group .
We therefore oppose the Commission 's proposal to increase the compulsory uncultivated-land tax on cereals from 5 % to 10 % .
The fact is that the import of bananas from those countries has recently been challenged by a decision by the World Trade Organization - WTO -, as a result of which an amendment of the common organization of the market for bananas is under discussion .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , this agreement follows the signature of two similar association agreements with Tunisia , Morocco , Israel and the Palestinian Authority in the context of the new EuroMediterranean partnership .
The Commission is especially pleased that Jordan fully accepts the provisions relating to respect for human rights and fundamental democratic principles , as well as the need to prevent illegal immigration .
The report by Mr Novo Belenguer , whom I take this opportunity of congratulating , is in its turn a welcome reminder of the need to pursue a policy of economic and social cohesion with a strategy of sustainable development and balanced competitiveness , although it might have dealt with the gaps and omissions in the European Spatial Development Perspective at greater length .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to start by thanking Mrs Napoletano , Mrs Pollack and Mr Novo Belenguer for their important reports , and all the other Members involved in preparing them .
Many of the matters that have been dealt with in Parliamentary reports and Members ' speeches will of necessity be taken up in the Commission 's plan of action .
Nevertheless , Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , we can in the meantime look at certain questions which are clearly matters of concern and will be included in the plan of action .
Cities also need to develop local development methods and local employment , and the Community is working on this topic .
For these reasons , the Commission will be considering the possibilities of directing Structural Fund financing to specific housing programmes , where these are crucial to community development and part of an integrated urban regeneration effort .
Here we have to find more sustainable ways of managing our European cities so as to improve the quality of urban life , secure business competitiveness and protect the global environment .
I refer to questions such as subsidizing mobility costs and encouraging toll systems , giving priority to reconversion development schemes , taxing energy to encourage more sustainable use and building up ways of reducing labour costs and increasing employment .
In conclusion , Mr President , the Commission and the European Parliament are in agreement that the urban agenda is not merely a local agenda but , on the contrary , requires action at all administrative levels .
In addition , the report provides a useful excuse for the Commission to state its point of view on recent developments following the Ministerial meeting on planning matters held in Glasgow on 8 June .
In the immediate future , the Commission views it as its special responsibility to promote its own services , and to increase awareness of the implications of the various Community policies for planning , especially their contribution to achieving a more balanced geographical distribution of economic activities and the sustainable use of land , as well as meeting specific territorial needs .
We can certainly agree to the creation of this reserve , particularly for the purpose of providing a cushion against market uncertainties .
These appropriations can be drawn from five budget lines , which either tended to be consistently under-executed during the period 1994 to 1997 , or where expenditure is not certain , such as the fight against outbreaks of animal diseases .
In this regard , developments up to now do not lead us at this stage to expect savings on the amount proposed in the 1999 PDB.
As agreed during the trialogue of March 1998 , the final distribution between the reserve and the budget line should be decided in the Letter of Amendment that the Commission will transmit at the end of October to the budget authority .
Thank you , Mrs Dührkop , for your explanations and clarifications , which I do of course note .
For that reason ,