European Union .
People are always talking about helping SMEs , as Mr Caudron who is a veteran of this process has reminded us , but we know there are many businesses not taking advantage of the help available .
A focused , effective , directed and simple set of measures is what we need if this programme is really going to have the effect that it should have .
Mr President , Mr Wuermeling has done a first-class job on this report .
In presenting a report calling for simpler and clearer lawmaking he certainly had to match his expectations of that with the quality of the work he produced himself .
The report is a model of concise and clear drafting and I hope colleagues will take that very seriously indeed .
I want to reinforce the points that have been made about subsidiarity but I want to put them in the broader frame of the reform of the European Commission .
It is quite clear from all the communications we have seen , and particularly the importance that the Commission is rightly attaching to matching competences with resources , that the Commission itself realises that it has to produce less legislation and that it has to think about putting more resources into enforcing what it has already done .
Arguably we have too much law in place now that is improperly enforced .
If we have law in place that is not being properly enforced , it is not effective at all .
We need to look at that as part of the review that is called for here .
I attach considerable importance to this point and I particularly welcome the emphasis that Mr Wuermeling has given to aspects of scrutiny by national parliaments .
One major problem in the European Union , and this particularly impacts on this committee from the internal market viewpoint , is what has now become widely called the gold-plating of European Union legislation .
It is not enough for the Commission simply to look at transpositions into national law .
It has to look at what national parliaments have done with that legislation .
There are many examples where we see that a comparatively simple piece of simple market legislation - a common standard , a single principle - has become over-complex , over-enforced at national level and has caused considerable difficulties .
I would ask the Commission to have a serious look at this problem of gold-plating .
Let us take , shall we say , six clear examples and look at how they have been transposed in detail , how they operate within the countries , how they are being enforced and make a really clear and transparent assessment of the effectiveness of the legislation , because if legislation is not effective , then we have all wasted our time .
Mr President , I rise to give my voice to this injustice that we have heard about , an injustice , as we have also heard , that has been going on now for 12 years .
It has taken not one , not two but three court cases and it still has not been resolved .
So why are we back here today debating this injustice in this Chamber ?
It is because of our failure to resolve the issue that we are back here .
We have to continue to publicise this issue until it is resolved .
What is this injustice ?
Mr Wieland started to highlight it when he spoke on behalf of the Committee on Legal Affairs .
The injustice is about two people doing the same job , working side by side , but on different pay and under different conditions .
If we truly believe in the single market and the free movement of people , that should not happen .
I disagree with my colleague , Mr Lisi , who spoke earlier .
He talked about these people wanting a "privileged " position .
They are not asking for a privileged position , they are just asking for the same .
Until they get the same as their equivalents in Italy this matter will rumble on .
I listened carefully to what Mr Busquin said on behalf of the Commission .
Some people say there is a whiff of hypocrisy from the Commission .
Some even go further and say there is a stench of hypocrisy from the Commission .
I will go as far so to say there is a small smell of hypocrisy coming from the Commission .
If the Commission were truly serious about resolving this issue it would have been resolved years ago .
We can perhaps accept that the previous Commission under Mr Santer was not the best , so that is why it went .
But I have to say we are looking at this Commission : the President of this Commission is fully aware of this case , is fully aware of the facts , and yet nothing has been done to resolve it .
We have to ask why .
That is why this Parliament today is again debating this issue , highlighting this issue , to put it back before the Commission and say : get this sorted out .
Mr President , politicians often have the difficult task of telling constituents that no matter how heartfelt their grievance , or how strong its moral base , there is no legal remedy .
Sometimes they have the even more difficult task of having to admit that because of problems of access to justice or because of the law 's own delays , the road to vindicating their legal rights will be long and arduous .
Worst of all , I believe , is having to issue a warning that a court judgment in their favour may just be a set of comforting words and make no real difference in their lives