France .
Finally , I wish to second what my Polish colleague Mrs  Handzlik said .
We have to go sector by sector , focus on cooperation and have clear priorities : healthcare , postal services , water and gas services and so on , but without a directive .
Let us stay clear of it .     .
Over the past months , both countries have demonstrated their readiness to join the European Union .
The Commission ’s assessment is based on an even more rigorous system of conditionality than the one applied in the past .
Thus , the strategy we devised together last May has worked well , to the benefit of Europe , Bulgaria and Romania .
In terms of the political criteria , Bulgaria has continued the reform of the judiciary .
The legal framework has improved , for instance , through the adoption of rules that establish objective procedures for the appointment and evaluation of magistrates , which is very important for the independence of the court systems .
Efforts to combat corruption have resulted in more officials having to declare their personal assets and in the establishment of internal fraud inspectorates .
However , at the moment the number of successful prosecutions is still low and the implementation record still needs to be improved .
There has been definite and tangible progress in the fight against corruption .
The report outlines a limited number of areas where we need to see further progress in the months leading up to accession and beyond .
Therefore , this report also spells out accompanying measures which the Commission will initiate upon accession , unless the remaining concerns have been remedied .
For this purpose , as President Barroso said , benchmarks have been established which refer to the particular circumstances of each country .
The first report should be submitted by the end of March 2007 .
The report also underlines that EU rules contain the necessary guarantees for the proper management of EU agricultural and structural funds .
Moreoverfurther to this range of safeguard measures for the EU funds , financial corrections can take place if individual or systemic irregularities are found in the regular financial controls .
There is still a risk that preparations for the management of agricultural funds may not have been completed by the time of accession .
This gives both countries time to complete preparations in 2007 .
As to the third safeguard measure , food safety , some measures are currently in place because of animal diseases .
Non-compliant food establishments in the milk , meat and fish sectors will be denied access to the internal market , but will be allowed to produce for the national market bearing a specific label .
I am therefore confident that Bulgaria and Romania will enrich the Union without compromising the proper functioning of EU policies and institutions .
The interests of the EU and our citizens can be assured and EU taxpayers ’ money protected .
On the basis of the progress made , our report shows that both countries will be ready to join the Union in 2007 .
Bulgaria and Romania have undertaken remarkable efforts to join us in the European Union and they deserve our congratulations and a very warm welcome .     .
In this respect , the communication from the Commission can be greeted with satisfaction .
The European Union has closely followed the progress that both countries have made in finally adopting reforms and meeting their membership obligations under the Treaty of Accession .
While the European Council that met in June commended Bulgaria and Romania on the reform measures they had recently implemented , it appealed to both countries to make even more of an effort to solve , decisively and without delay , the problems still remaining , which were mentioned in the Commission ’s last progress report produced in May .
These include in particular the reform of the judiciary , organised crime , corruption and administrative initiatives in several key areas .
The Presidency notes the recommendations in the Commission ’s reports .
I know that these countries are already trying to resolve these problems .
In undertaking these tasks , the Council will of course also take account of the views expressed by the European Parliament .
The Accession Treaty’s ratification process itself is now well underway , and we trust that it will be completed on time .
The Finnish Presidency will act on the basis of these decisions .     .
Finland , the country holding the Presidency of the Council , will naturally take into consideration the views expressed by the European Parliament .
In today’s debate , I would like to focus attention on a few points in those negotiations .
Full and effective implementation is vital to ensuring that the reforms are permanent and ongoing .
We need concrete results .
Although the situation in Turkey has improved compared with five years ago , the country needs to continue making tangible reforms , especially in the areas of freedom of expression , freedom of religion , cultural rights , women’s rights and action against torture and ill treatment .
The new laws must be fully compatible with EU standards .
Like Parliament , we are concerned about the situation in South-East Turkey .
This is a multi-agency issue which we are following carefully as part of the reform process .
Turkey quickly needs to evolve a comprehensive approach in order to reduce regional inequality .
In addition to the Copenhagen criteria , Turkey’s progress in the accession process is being judged within the context of the requirements of the Negotiating Framework , which include the implementation of the Additional Protocol to the Ankara Agreement .
The initiation of talks fundamentally connected with this issue will depend on how Turkey discharges its contractual obligations towards the Member States .
