- landing up in feed for cattle and ruminants .
It is very difficult for a feed mill to guarantee that its production lines are completely cleared of meat-and-bone meal before they start manufacturing feedingstuffs for pigs and poultry .
I have long been of the opinion that a complete ban on the use of meat-and-bone meal in animal feeds should be in place throughout Europe .
France has recently introduced a ban on beef on the bone and many French provinces have stopped school children from consuming home-grown beef .
One of the main reasons for this action is that the French Food Agency takes the precautionary principle very seriously .
I would suggest that the European Commission also use the precautionary principle in regard to beef from France .
Until such time as the French Government can guarantee the absolute safety of their beef the Commission should ban all exports from France to the rest of the Community , especially from beef animals that are over 30 months of age .
There is , at the moment , £2 million worth of French beef for the meat processing industry consumed in the UK.
This is totally unacceptable considering the problems regarding BSE in France .
Over a year ago , 16 of Europe 's best scientists , including a French chairman , declared British beef safe for consumption throughout Europe , and yet France has illegally maintained a ban on the importation of British beef .
It is total hypocrisy for France to maintain its ban on British beef .
The United Kingdom has suffered with this terrible plague .
I would like to say , on behalf of the farming community , that they are the people at whom the finger is often pointed , but they are not to blame .
Commissioner Byrne was very strong today in his opening statement when he said to the House that he was prepared to look at this matter of meat-and-bone meal and take it on .
I would like to say to him today as he has listened to this debate : does he not realise that this is something that must be taken on immediately ?
As the previous speaker has just said , the only way to deal with banning meat-and-bone meal is to have an entire ban otherwise it cannot be policed .
As a result , the poison goes into the system and , as it does , it destroys the system .
I make a special appeal to the Commissioner today to take note of what has been said , practically across the board in this debate , and move quickly and speedily to impose a ban on all meat-and-bone meal in the European Community .
Mr President , I wish to congratulate the rapporteur for her great commitment in dealing with this report on a programme of Community action for combating social exclusion in which , as many have said , poverty can be an important factor .
We are told that finding paid work is the best way of preventing social exclusion but I would agree with those who have said that we would have to take account of the fact that gainful employment alone is no guarantee of social participation .
There are many elderly people who would agree with that , as would those who had worked for hours for low wages which do not provide a decent living - farm labourers , for example .
It is a pity that poverty is proving such a controversial addition to the title of this programme , for the reason that it is not mentioned in the Treaties .
It would be interesting to hear from the Council , at some point , whether they are proposing to rectify this omission at the Nice Summit .
Combating poverty proves controversial because it raises the issue of social protection as a productive factor and the issue of redistribution - deeply unfashionable concepts with some Member States .
It would be useful to use some of the increased sum which is requested in this report to fund comparative studies to demonstrate how such developments might be managed .
I am sure that many of the NGOs and local and regional authorities - which Mrs Figueiredo proposes to include in the programme and its evaluation - would be happy to share their considerable expertise .
If we are going to avoid social exclusion we have to ensure that our macroeconomic policies do not act in a way which increases social exclusion .
It would be totally counterproductive to have policies which undermine local economic development , make employment less secure but more demanding and then have to mop up the casualties through programmes which try to combat poverty and social exclusion .
Mr President , I congratulate Mrs Rothe .
Renewable energy is by far the largest source of energy currently in use in the world .
How else do we see where we are going during the day ?
More people use firewood than any other fuel .
But tonight we are talking of extending the use of renewable energy .
I am going to repeat three of our demands .
Clarity is essential as we put forward our point of view to the Council .
We want : binding targets , not indicative cut targets ; a rational definition of renewable energy - energy from waste , which is to be incinerated anyway , is a good idea .
But mixed household waste ; old paint brushes , polystyrene packaging and discarded plastic toys are not renewable energy .
Another directive is needed for energy from waste , as Mrs Rothe suggests .
Thirdly , we want a reasonable and therefore a longer period of certainty in which renewable energy can continue to receive compensation for the external costs to society which its use avoids .
