persuaded to adopt the position of Parliament .
Our future energy supply must be based on renewable sources of energy .
The Dutch model of 'green certificates' , which allows much more space to the energy partners to express their own responsibility , is at loggerheads with this regulation .
I ask the rapporteur to refer his report back to the Commission so that a better and wider consensus can be achieved .
Mr President , my group is pleased with the inclusion of patents in the scope of the regulation , but is worried about control .
The free movement of goods provides healthy competition , and that is good for the consumer .
I am grateful for your assistance .
Three days have elapsed between the leaking of this inaccurate report and the reaction of the Presidency .
Nevertheless , proposals have been made , and a covering letter exists which could give rise to this kind of interpretation .
That is why it is also important that we have someone , Mr Moraltinos , who has been mandated to go to the region to see what the European Union could do to help resolve the problems .
We will have to replace this with action on behalf of Europe .
Because , as things stand at the moment , each Member State can maintain its own double agenda in its relations with Israel and the Palestinians .
It is a good thing that Israel 's policy on colonization is being changed , given the frustration of economic development , and that it is being replaced by confidence-building behaviour which leaves room for the construction of a civil society on both sides and for person-to-person meetings in order to promote peace in the region .
The Union should not give trade preferences to products from these settlements .
That is why I would have preferred it if our resolution , under point 4 , had not spoken about a joint EU-Palestinian security committee , but rather joint EU-Palestinian legal support .
The Palestinians have a right to progress .
How can the Union promote peace when it denounces the policy of one party whilst acting anything but diplomatically ?
The Oslo Accords and the interim accord request a regrouping in three stages according to unilateral decisions by Israel .
The European Union 's weak political role is out of balance with our major financial contribution , our economic interests and our security .
That is where our role as the European Parliament lies .
We therefore think we should maintain this rule .
Mr President , due to the uncertainties which have appeared in my own group as a result of the vote change , I am trying to make it clear to them that we are going to vote on recital B first , and that after that we will return to recital A.
It is therefore completely absurd to start voting on an annex which we have removed from the legislative resolution .
In this context , ladies and gentlemen , I have two serious difficulties with our joint resolution .
In this situation you would , in fact , have a kind of indirect declaration of war .
Incidentally , this strengthens separatism rather than weakens it .
The European Council - and I think this is an important aspect of our policy on Kosovo - has made clear what the objective of such negotiations and talks should be : the restoration of Kosovo 's autonomy , or to put it more precisely , a special status with a large degree of autonomy .
Mr President , I also wanted to tell my colleague how , immediately after the vote , Mr van den Broek expressed his regret that the debate was postponed due to his appointment in Bratislava .
I have a number of specific questions for the Council .
The President-in-Office gave the impression that this would be the case .
They do not come from Albania ; perhaps they come from Western Europe , but mostly they come from the region itself .
The article only applies to indirect taxes , the measures must serve the completion of the internal market , and the European Parliament has merely a consultative role .
My group can therefore appreciate , to some extent , the extremely limited progress in the sphere of tax harmonization , or as it is being called more modestly now , tax coordination , and the prevention of mutually harmful tax competition which might erode tax proceeds in the long run .
Yet I am also disappointed .
Carlo Secchi 's report is excellent ; it is a coherent and well-structured piece of work .
Commissioner , I hope that we , the European Parliament , can support the attempts to improve this situation .
Taxation remains an exclusive power of the Member States .
Tax competition becomes harmful when it encourages the market players to relocate their production activities purely to net a tax windfall .
This concerns sterilized whole milk which is only available in glass bottles .
Europe will not succeed in drastically reducing unemployment , presently standing at 11 % , without departing from this trend .
The result , however , is seldom a lower level of tax , but rather a shift of the burden of tax to the least mobile source , namely , labour .
Unless this changes , Member States will continue to steal a march on each other with specific provisions for non-residents ; the fiscal shopping around on the part of companies and private citizens will only increase .
The package presented by the Commission is admittedly a good move for us politically , but only as a first step , that is , with the condition that further steps must follow , including those relating to the decision-making procedure