of the death penalty and actively works towards the abolition of capital punishment worldwide .
The Guidelines to EU Policy Towards Third Countries on the Death Penalty , adopted in 1998 and revised in 2008 , set out the framework for EU action .
We have repeatedly urged the US Government to reintroduce a moratorium on the death penalty at Federal level and we hope that the United States will consider abolishing the death penalty by law in the foreseeable future .
The Commission , along with EU Member States and the Presidency , will of course follow this case very closely .
For that reason , I will make the speech for the Committee on Budgets for him .
I want to thank the Council and its Presidency for their constructive cooperation , as at the budgetary conciliation meeting in July we made important , joint declarations which relate to the implementation of the Structural and Cohesion Funds , the European Solidarity Fund , the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund , and staff expenditure , besides other matters .
Unfortunately , the Council has not been quite as cooperative as regards the financing of the numerous new posts which were discussed and included in the resolutions at the European Council in June , for example .
This is the equivalent in payments of just 0.9 % of the EU 's GDP , which is substantially below the already extremely compromised financial framework , at an average of 1 % .
It is very dangerous to have made cuts to heading 1 , which is vital for sustainable growth and employment .
It is quite clear that heading 1 in the budget needs to be looked at in particular , but so does heading 4 , which seems to be chronically underfunded from one year to the next .
At this very moment there are difficulties with Kosovo and Palestine .
The first is the Food Facility Instrument .
The interinstitutional agreement is a good opportunity for this , and the Committee on Budgets is ready and willing to back it on this issue too .
We hope that when the Commission makes promises on behalf of the European Union at the next Conference of Donors they will be discussed with the budgetary authorities beforehand . draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on Industry , Research and Energy . - ( FI ) Madam President , Ministers , Commissioners , and Mrs Trautmann in particular , now is the time to think in actual terms of human rights in the information society , which we are improving , with democracy and good business practice as the main objectives .
We have now strengthened the status of the elderly and disabled in particular , and I think that is a humane and proper goal .
Secondly , the networks need to be competitive and we have to stop operators from preventing competition .
That would be as crazy as having a radio which only played one station .
We nevertheless need room for 3G , and that is being organised .
The fairer and more technically advanced Europe is , the better we will do both as a democratic force in the information society and as a community which fulfils the Lisbon objectives , which at present feel a long way off .
If I had to answer the question of what creativity is , I know at least one answer , which the Finnish composer Sibelius is said to have given : he thought creativity was pain .
Of course we have no fear of pain in Europe if it begets added value , something which takes us forward as a group of nations and in the context of Europe as a whole .
How do we promote creativity and innovation ?
We know , however , that it is not government decisions that bring about innovation or creativity .
This , I think , is a great challenge , because we all know that the education institutions in our own countries have in many cases developed as a result of traditions going back a long time .
I know that the Commissioner will certainly urge all the Member States to put forward national innovation strategies on how they will help students to think of new ideas or provide scope for new ways of thinking all the way from the early school years to university based on a programme of lifelong learning .
This is an important issue , and I think that the main contribution that this European Year will make will be that creativity , innovation and new ways of thinking will become the core of the debate .
Thank you , Mr President . on behalf of the ALDE Group . - Mr President , I would also like to extend my recognition to the rapporteur of his very good work .
The decision to create the second generation of the SIS - SIS II - took account of the need to introduce biometric data and new types of alerts , for instance because of the European arrest warrant .
We know there have been many delays , and a new timetable was announced providing for it to become operational by the end of this year .
A must for this transition is that SIS II meets all the legally-defined technical and functional requirements , as well as other requirements such as robustness , response capacity and performance .
Parliament is now asked to give its opinion on the two current proposals aiming to establish the legal framework governing the transition .
It has been extremely disappointing to face the fact that SIS II is not yet operational .
The reason for this is that we have got some new proposals from the European Commission and maybe it is possible to polish up some of the wordings of the resolution .
