in the towel , then we do not want a Union .
Finally , I should like to refer to a number of comments made on economic policy .
I leave it to you to decide whether or not they were right .
It is important to remain level-headed .
Mr President , a new resolution on Iraq cannot be more conciliatory than the resolution we adopted by a large majority a few weeks ago .
The Te Deum for the demise of the UN offered up in all sincerity by Mr Pearl doubtless also applied to the marginalisation of the European Union , both old and new , whatever some of the candidate countries may think .
The only thing we have a historical duty to do is to prepare our contribution to a more balance world , insofar as this is still possible ; to make a quantum leap , as quickly as possible , on the road towards political unification , especially in the field of foreign policy and defence .
We are the disease ' .
Of course he talked of the need to restore peace in the region , once the imperialists have won you understand , but his main concern was how Iraq is to be divided up .
The war was an excellent opportunity to reinforce the so-called Lisbon strategy and promote measures to step up the attack which , in the name of competitiveness , is directly affecting the employment , social , insurance and pension rights of the workers .
Mr President , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , Mr President of the Commission , under the present circumstances , reconfirming the Lisbon objectives would appear to be of somewhat secondary importance because we are , of course , all concerned about the war , its huge political consequences and the human tragedy .
I am here to talk about Lisbon , however , and I think that the agreement reached at the Council about common action by the European governments is an important element of political stability with the present split in Europe .
This meets the expectations of European citizens , who know full well that we cannot achieve more and better jobs and greater economic growth without education and research .
Education must prove that it knows how to incorporate European culture and sciences , the learning process , in order to produce learned students with job prospects .
And , as President-in-Office , I can assure you once again that the adjustment of the financial perspectives will be exercised in full application of Article 25 of the Interinstitutional Agreement .
We know , and I personally know , that this is an important and complicated problem .
In conclusion , therefore , may I say that I trust that the obstacles to a positive vote by the European Parliament on 9 April will be removed and that we shall have the pleasure of witnessing the signing , on 16 April , in the presence of the President of the European Parliament in Athens , at this historic moment for the European Union .
Its staffing regulations are in need of reform now more than ever if we are to successfully modernise its personnel policy .
Time is short and I should therefore like to focus in my speech on three amendments .
It is important to emphasise that , in the new working world which is emerging , safeguarding mutual trust on all sides is the key to increasing productivity .
Mr President , I should like to start by congratulating Mrs Theato on her sterling work .
The first issue has to do with the jurisdiction of the European Prosecutor .
The second point made by the Committee on Constitutional Affairs concerns the role of the European Parliament in relation to the European Prosecutor .
With the proposal to reform Staff Regulations , the European Union is being called on to apply internally the general choices made by big business , as it promotes cutbacks in public services and attacks workers ' rights .
But , Mr Kinnock is using the usual tricks , with the connivance of certain trades union leaders , in an effort to strike the European public service a decisive blow and set an example for national public administrations .
We support the just demands of the workers and their movement .
.
Guidelines were issued for extending and broadening part-time and temporary employment , agency systems and flexible employment relations , basically abolishing collective agreements , cutting social spending back even further , handing the wealth of the people over to private capital , 'liberalising ' public-sector and public utility services and encouraging health and health care to be turned into commodities and insurance systems to be privatised .
Increasingly radical grass-roots rallies are springing up and the wave of opposition to the cruelties of capitalism is swelling in every Member State of the European Union .
It forgets the innocent victims in Baghdad , the inexorable siege of Basra and the rivers of blood , and talks instead about who will rule Iraq after the war , the USA or the UN.
He would do better to stay away .
.
By contrast , the amendments adopted prove that all the European Parliament is interested in is the so-called 'reconstruction ' of Iraq , for which read the sharing out of the spoils , and further militarization of the ? U by strengthening the CSDP.
Mr President , we cannot but condemn the disdainful attitude of the US Secretary of State towards his European partners in ? ? ? ? and the European Union in refusing to descend from his throne and receiving the European Union troika and his other counterparts at ? ? ? ? headquarters as the new sovereign .
What is this new role for the United Nations Organisation to which the Greek Presidency is already referring ?
