countries of South-East Asia , which in itself is a positive thing .
The only means by which we can have an effect on the price of oil or any other form of energy in the long term is to ensure that European energy policy is sufficiently diverse in scope .
Russia sells energy wherever it can obtain the best price for it , and China and India , as major consumers , have the advantage over Europe here .
We should not , therefore , rely on imported energy .
Unfortunately , however , the only option left to me is to vote against it .
What sort of signal does this send to Turkey and the other applicant countries ?
He did not , however , present any sort of action plan or anything concrete on how environmental protection should be developed , and this worried us .
The fact that he directed his remarks at Her Royal Highness , Queen Beatrix , was most inappropriate on a day when we were having a ceremonial debate in the presence of Queen Beatrix .
It is not appropriate for him to attempt , for political reasons , to attack the Dutch ...     , .
It has been a weighty and onerous task , but both rapporteurs have carried it out extremely well .
Under your leadership , the EU budgets have been produced and the legal basis for them revised .
The EU budget for 2005 aims to foster economic growth .
Accordingly , the committee has restored approximately one billion euros of the cuts that the Council had made .
It is particularly important to reduce transportation of livestock step by step , and to this end the committee has set aside 10 % of the appropriations for further research .
This has been one of my group ’s main areas of focus .
This is a threat to structural policy in the years to come .
My group backs these proposals .
Hopefully , the budget will be approved , by December , in a positive spirit .     , .
Mr President , Commissioner , I too had something positive to say about Commissioner Schreyer’s five-year term of office , but I cannot find anything to add to what has already been said here today , and I will therefore simply say thank you , on behalf of my group , to Commissioner Schreyer .
Many of the representatives of countries classified as net contributors support the Council’s stringent 1 % line .
Business is setting the terms for the way we proceed to too great an extent .
It is our experience that both the Commission and Parliament are channelling these funds for purposes of propaganda , and are trying to influence the final result of the referenda in the Member States .
The national parties in our group do not constitute a common European political party .
Not all parties on the left wish to restrict their freedom of action with some sort of rigid party line or enforced solidarity at Union level .
There would seem to be more sympathy for increasing funding for the salaries of assistants .
Our group will adopt a final position on the draft budget when we see the outcome of the talks that are now commencing .     Mr President , firstly I would like to say thank you for allowing us the opportunity to remind everyone once again just how important this subject is , and of the many effects that high-intensity sonars have on our environment , and especially on marine fauna .
It is important that the Commission should do all it can within the limits of its powers .
There has been a considerable increase in the body of evidence showing a link between the death in large numbers of marine mammals and high-intensity sonars .
A year ago , in October , researchers and our parliamentary delegation went to NATO headquarters to submit two petitions asking the member countries of NATO to restrict the use of LFAS systems until their environmental impact and link to recent whale deaths had been fully investigated .
While we agree that it is a totally legitimate exercise to try and develop this defence system , and to monitor submarines that use new technology , it is especially important to take the vulnerability of our environment into consideration .
With high-intensity sonars , the price is too high .     .
The proposal before us is an excellent one , and Mr Wiersma has done a magnificent job .
I wish to emphasise how important it is to ensure that there is a more balanced representation of ethnic groups when police forces are being assembled .
This will increase confidence of all groups in the region and their commitment to maintaining order .
The Dayton Agreement must be implemented .
It will be important to attend to its operational aspects and consider clearly how responsibilities are to be divided .
A parliamentary delegation will inspect the work of the ALTHEA mission next year , and , in addition to all its other responsibilities , it should also be given the opportunity to make an evaluation of respect for human rights .     .
We need to involve new countries , such as China and India .
The EU should waste no time in putting forward , first of all , a proposal for its own long-term targets for reductions in emissions and , secondly , its proposal for a model for reductions in emissions internationally .
This sounds drastic , but we can manage with a gradual change if we act consistently .
We need market mechanisms that favour clean technology , such as taxation on energy and emissions trading , but we also need other new measures .
