We are proposing that all Member States in the EU establish taskforces for combating youth unemployment , and also that the EU should jointly set up a taskforce for coordination , knowledge-sharing and new initiatives . 4 .
We also want to ensure that we put a stop to the discriminating practice on the labour market of young people , purely on grounds of their age , being denied access to social services and a proper wage .
With the right policies and investments , we can transform the European labour market and create a better future for the young people of Europe .
In the European Parliament , we are prepared to make a difference for the young people of Europe .
We know what the outcome of this was , and therefore it is clearly a good thing that the directive is being amended so that we can avoid something similar happening in future .
We actually discussed remuneration policies in the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs , and we therefore welcome those areas of the agreement , for example , that focus on more openness and transparency in connection with the provision of information to all stakeholders , shareholders , employees , the general public and the authorities .
Stock options have been the bonus scheme instrument that has provided the greatest incentive to take unnecessary risks that have resulted in losses .
Even the financial sector recognises this problem , and I therefore regret the fact that the agreement does not contain a ban on stock options .
Madam President , in the debate on Iceland 's membership of the EU , I have not actually seen any self-critical analysis .
We must not turn ourselves into a propaganda machine for the fact that Iceland 's membership has been , is and always will be clearly advantageous for Iceland .
The people of Iceland are not stupid .
The people of Iceland also know that the EU 's repeated calls for the liberalisation of the banking system did not help to prevent , but rather to create , the basis for the bank crisis that they experienced in Iceland .
The most recent opinion poll in Iceland indicates a steadily growing opposition to EU membership .
Iceland 's application should not only be a reason to place demands on Iceland ; it should also be a reason to take a self-critical look at the EU 's own policy .
We would have liked to have seen the EU leading the way and stopping all payments of export subsidies by 2013 at the latest - irrespective of the actions of the other WTO trade partners .
This was not included in the report .
In connection with the payment of subsidies , we would have liked higher requirements to be set for the environment , climate and sustainability than the unambitious requirements that are in place today .
We would also have liked to have seen a significant reduction in the proportion of the EU budget being allocated to agricultural aid .
In light of this , we Danish Social Democrats are unable to support the final report on the EU 's agricultural aid after 2013 . '
Free and fair trade should be the guiding principle for an agricultural area based on sustainability .
However , the distortion of free and fair trade is precisely what the EU 's subsidy schemes are doing today . '
That ought to be self-evident .
I therefore agree with the rapporteur that the common fisheries policy must safeguard biodiversity .
It will require amendments , but these are necessary .
The same applies to agriculture .
Here , too , the preservation of biodiversity must be incorporated so as to become a natural part of the industry .
It is difficult to be competitive at a global level while , at the same time , taking account of Parliament 's wishes .
The most important thing , however , is that all EU citizens put all of these fine words about regard for nature into action every day .
This scepticism is perfectly understandable .
Nevertheless , Europe must continue to press for Turkey 's future membership .
Turkey buys a large proportion of the EU 's exports , which creates growth and jobs in Europe .
We buy cheap goods from Turkey , which provides our consumers with a cheaper and more diverse range of goods on the supermarket shelves .
In other words , Turkey is important for Europe 's economy .
The service sector is lagging behind , and I would therefore call for the service sector to be included in the trade agreement .
This is necessary to enable accession negotiations to continue .
Turkey 's membership of the EU is still the long-term goal .
I hope that , despite scepticism regarding Turkey 's membership of the EU in large sections of the European population , we are able to retain Turkey as a close trading partner and cooperation partner , and that we do not frighten Turkey off with the numerous rejections of its future accession by the leaders of major EU countries .
Turkey is an important regional player in the Middle East and an important cooperation partner for NATO .
Mr President , when we hear the Commission speak and when we listen to the conservative Members from the Group of the European People 's Party ( Christian Democrats ) , we could almost believe that this was merely a matter of finding solutions that are as simple and as effective as possible from a purely bureaucratic point of view .
Naturally , that , too , is a real concern .
Of course , this is also a matter of enabling the industry to market products and trade across borders .
What is most important for us Social Democrats - and this is something that we will not compromise on - is