At this rate , it would take 21 more years for the whole of the European Union to achieve an equal level .
On the one hand , this policy has clearly been successful but , on the other , we also see that differences remain , as the reports demonstrate .
Are the States which have so far been receiving aid going to stop doing so in favour of the new States ?
I would even go as far as to say that that evaluation should be positive or even better , given how brilliant the results are .
And this is true in all respects .
We have considered the opinions of experts of both sexes , the governments involved and non-governmental organisations .
We have produced a report which asks the Commission , the Council and the Member States to create an integral strategy , which does not only involve penalties , but which deals with the areas affected by this issue : public health , judicial , legal , political , etc .
I believe that the directive currently being presented by the Commission , on the rules relating to the conditions to be fulfilled by residents of third countries requesting refugee status , moves in this direction , and it will be very important .
These people are waiting and we must offer them an urgent response .
In serious cases , some countries envisage the right to asylum , as contemplated in the directive under the heading of the right to asylum for reasons of sexual discrimination .
It is very regrettable that , while we are combating many other types of discrimination which are sometimes difficult to demonstrate , we have still not been able to resolve this one which is so obvious , which is reflected in the figures which appear on everybody ' s payslips every month .
By way of analysis , an acceptable definition seems to me to be that of the Irish working group for the prevention of harassment , which defines it as direct or indirect , inappropriate and repeated behaviour of a verbal , physical or other nature , directed by one or more persons against a third party or parties in the workplace and/or in the execution of their work , which may justifiably be considered to violate an individual ' s right to dignity at work .
Above all , moral harassment , pestering - which is one possible name for it - seems to me incompatible with Article 1 of the European Union Charter of Fundamental Rights : ' Human dignity is inviolable .
The Spanish administration has publicly acknowledged that the situation is unsustainable and , furthermore , bilateral relations with the Maghreb and the Kingdom of Morocco are difficult at the moment due to problems related to fishing , drug-trafficking and illegal immigration itself .
The problem is , Mr Schmitt , that my group cannot renounce , despite what you claim Mr Shily , the German Interior Minister , says , the idea that refugees are individuals and that each case must be treated individually in accordance with personal circumstances and not nationality , as well as the safe non-EU country they have reached , for example .
Madam President , this is the first in a series of directives that have to complete the first part of the timetable which aims to introduce , in the longer term , a common asylum procedure and a uniform status for people who are granted asylum .
However , from a practical point of view , European countries with long waiting times - more than two or three years - have greater numbers of asylum seekers , and countries such as Spain , with much shorter waiting times , have far fewer .
Firstly , I believe we should make it very clear that this is a very important first step towards a common European asylum system which , in the long term , will be valid throughout the Union .
Despite the Commission ' s misgivings , I believe that we will have taken a great step forward with these amendments , if they are also adopted today in Parliament .
You yourself set an example , to a certain extent bypassing certain rules of protocol , international law and diplomacy , by bringing Commander Massoud here .
And the Socialist Group was duly and worthily represented .
The tragedies taking place recently are demonstrating that we are experiencing phenomena which can only be reduced , if not eliminated , by means of integrated treatment .
And the countries must accept it .
I come from a southern country and to tell you the truth I have very often thought : ' Who could silence that lawnmower next door !
I am not going to go into that , however .
They come within the competence of local authorities , and it is therefore very difficult to get different towns to agree , for example , on closing times for bars , because they all want to compete .
We must deal directly with the problem and that is town and country planning .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the PPE-DE Group is going to vote in favour of the Turchi report on the two amended proposals for Council decisions and the communication from the Commission on the financial activities resulting from the expiry of the ECSC Treaty and those resulting from the creation of the Research Fund for Coal and Steel .
We in the Committee on Budgets do not question where the ECSC reserves should end up , and neither do we enter into whether or not those companies maintain differential treatment in relation to other strategic sectors .
Mr President , I think that Mrs Roth-Behrendt has expressed Parliament ' s concerns in her main point