The third category includes material classified as by-products from animals slaughtered which passed the health inspection .
There is also a need for strict separation of facilities , transport routes , etc .
Together with the committee , I am very pleased that 'cannibalism ' has been put a stop to in this way .
In my opinion , it is vital that , at some point , we break the enrichment of heavy metals , PCBs and dioxins .
I would ask you to think this through .
We know the catastrophe we caused when we turned ruminants into omnivores .
We must not manipulate it a second time .
These would in fact sabotage part of the categorisation and complicate it .
This Amendment No 43 opens up every opportunity for different types of new technology once we obtain them and once they are approved .
I also appeal to you to vote against Amendment No 36 , as this is far too narrow compared with the Commission ' s original proposal .
This would be devastating for public health .
Amendments Nos 102 and 103 .
.
This amendment demanded that Member States ensure that meat and bone meal , with the exception of fish meal , not be released on the market for animal feed .
We consider this to be a very severe and very serious crime .
If a parent or guardian admits serious abuse of a child , their own child or someone else ' s child , they must be treated as the criminals they are and not afforded special treatment in any way .
In accordance with the UN Convention on the Rights of the Child , a person is to be seen as a child until he or she has reached the age of 18 .
Whatever the age of the child , vulnerability , the degree of abuse and the nature of abuse must be the guiding factors when setting penalties - irrespective of age .
( SV ) The Swedish Moderate Party delegation in the PPE-DE Group considers that the articles on criminalisation in the report on combating the sexual exploitation of children and child pornography are vague in places , which makes it difficult to gain an overview of the criminal area .
( SV ) Mr President , the GUE/NGL Group could not support Mrs Karamanou ' s report on child pornography .
It is important that legislation define child pornography as distinctly as possible .
However , we do not wish to encourage moral panic by encouraging citizens to report anyone without relevant suspicions .
My delegation has remained as we wish to submit a written explanation .
.
Furthermore , we consider that as the framework decision concerns combating human trafficking and the punishment of those guilty of this , questions such as the treatment of victims of human trafficking should not be regulated in this instrument .
Ground level ozone is a serious air pollutant which creates considerable problems for public health and the environment .
The targets we are setting to reduce the extent of pollution must be binding , otherwise we risk the decisions becoming mere castles in the air .
Our group also supports Amendments Nos 5 and 23 which state that the targets must be entirely attained by 2020 at the latest and that they may not be exceeded by more than 20 days a year until 2010 .
It is therefore important that all available information is made public to the general public and voluntary organisations .
With these words I wish to thank the rapporteur for his excellent work which we will vote for in every respect .
These desires have been examined and assessed very carefully .
Besides the obligations laid down in the Treaty , the Council requires openness .
What is more , the chairman of the Article 133 Committee invited all members of the Committee on Industry , External Trade , Research and Energy to an informal meeting on 31 May 2001 .
The first trend , represented by Mr Schwaiger among others , would require us to change the procedure .
As we live in a society based on the rule of law , we can do nothing other than proceed on the basis of what is said in the Treaty .
Mr Schwaiger hopes to see changes as early as in Laeken .
Has the Council done enough to proceed along informal paths , keep Parliament up to date and give Parliament an opportunity to take part in the discussion ?
Unfortunately , it appears that there was insufficient interest on the part of Parliament and on the part of the representatives of the committees concerned in taking part in such a dialogue .
I can only regret this .
At the same time I would like to point out that when it comes to the presence of the Council here in plenary session there is never any question of whether the date is suitable .
I am convinced that the coming presidency will work in the same spirit .
Thanks to the combined efforts of the committee , the report has been radically amended and is now more to do with what its title indicated it was intended to be about .
As recently as just a month or so ago the New York Times - of all papers - contained reportage which described in very positive terms how the one-child policy was being changed quite thoroughly and radically .
In Swedish debates I have criticised visas not being given to these top Taiwanese leaders .
Let me stress that I share Mr Staes ' concern over information on irregularities within Europol .
I am also sure that Europol , which comes under the supervision of the Justice and Home Affairs Council , has regulations on auditing and accounts , etc . which are designed in a way