to resolve any border dispute in line with the principle of peaceful settlement of disputes in accordance with the United Nations Charter .
First , the parties can choose any one of the methods outlined in the UN Charter .
The Commission 's initiative is , without doubt , among these methods .
I sincerely hope that this will happen sooner , rather than later .
I welcome Ms Oomen-Ruijten 's carefully balanced resolution on Turkey , and support the Presidency 's efforts to open chapters which are technically ready to be opened .
Moreover , the new 'National Programme for the Adoption of the Acquis ' and the appointment of a new full-time chief negotiator are also steps forward .
This is connected with freedom of expression , which is a core European value .
An open and transparent relation between the press and public authorities is indeed elementary to the quality of the democratic debate in any country .
The Commission is therefore very closely following the ensured existence of press freedom in Turkey .
There is a unique chance this year to reunite the island and bring to an end this long-standing conflict on European soil .
I share their regret that , three years after the country achieved candidate status , accession negotiations have not yet started .
I share the positive assessment in your draft resolution on the progress made by Skopje in implementing the road map towards visa liberalisation .
The Commission remains committed to making a proposal to the Council on visa-free travel in 2009 , once the conditions have been met by each country in the region .
I shall summarise by saying that , for the sake of stability and peace , liberty and democracy , we shall continue our work for a gradual , managed accession of the three candidate countries , despite the very challenging economic times .
First , it is clear that all policy making in Europe and in the world is overshadowed by the very challenging context of today , because of the financial crisis and the economic recession that our citizens are feeling and , of course , this is dominating the minds of our leaders in the European Union .
I think something was lost in translation , even though I thought I was speaking English - maybe with a somewhat ethnic accent from eastern Finland !
From the point of view of the European Union , it is important to ensure that any solution is in line with the Union 's founding principles of liberty , democracy , respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms and the rule of law .
In other words , the EU can support any such solution that creates a united Cyprus respecting the principles on which the EU was founded and able to carry the obligations of EU membership .
Finally , concerning Croatia , I thank the speakers for their support for the Commission 's initiative on mediation - an initiative that is based on international law , and here I refer to both the UN Charter and the negotiating framework between the EU and Croatia .
I sincerely wish that you can support the Commission 's initiative in your resolution so as not to create a situation where we would have to return to square one , because this is the only realistic and viable way forward .
I should like to thank you for your support for this initiative .
For the Commission , it is clear that the international community must maintain its full support for the ICTY to complete its remaining tasks .
There can be no impunity for war crimes and , as you well know , full cooperation with ICTY is a condition for making progress in European integration .
I hope it will not affect Croatia again , on condition that Croatia maintains full cooperation with ICTY .
The Commission has recently approved funding for a project initiated by Chief Prosecutor Serge Brammertz on internships in his office to train visiting war crime prosecutors and young professionals from south-east Europe .
All in all , the Commission remains fully committed to ICTY and continues to support Mr Brammertz and his dedicated colleagues in efforts to bring to justice those who are responsible for serious violations of international humanitarian law and thus we want to support this important work contributing towards reconciliation and the maintenance of peace in the Western Balkans .
The ICTY is indeed an expression of European values of justice and the rule of law , and therefore this debate is so important .
It is also an essential element of our enlargement policy in the Western Balkans .
For the Commission , the crucial issue is retaining the support of the international community for the completion of the Tribunal 's existing mandate so as to ensure that there will be no impunity for war crimes in the future . rapporteur . - ( FI ) Mr President , Commissioner , subcontracting chains are commonplace in business .
For the sake of the viability of the markets and consumer protection , however , it is crucial to use legislation to establish the key responsibilities of contractors and subcontractors .
Common European problems have to be solved with common rules .
In a word , it is about prevention of the grey economy .
As long as subcontracting chains are a surreptitious way to keep wages down and avoid paying tax and social contributions , the burden will fall on the taxpayer and competing companies , most of which are small - and medium-sized enterprises .
We have already seen how country-specific systems also act as preventive forces .
Then the workforce can confidently move from one country to another , businesses can trust contracts , and consumers can be sure that the cost of a product or service is the right one and has been transparently determined .
