of the European Union 's development policy and constitutes an essential element of the Lomé Convention .
Finally , we share Parliament 's view on the need to make the most of , and strengthen , the joint institutions , including the Assembly , in order to promote and develop this dialogue .
A true Community policy for renewable energies and SMEs in this sector , coupled with an increase in the specific budget for such forms of energy and in appropriations for exports would make a valuable contribution to job creation , the European Union 's main preoccupation .
In this way , it would contribute to job creation , to the protection of the environment and to the development of third world countries .
Its main objective is to increase renewable energy sources in the Union and thereby enable us to create the internal base and platform needed to increase exports to the rest of the world .
It is pleased with the diversity of action plans and national programmes on developing renewable energies that have been drawn up since the adoption of the White Paper .
We will also increase our credibility through successful marketing in third countries .
In the five years that this programme has been running , more than 190 programmes have been set up by the European industry .
The Commission will continue to cooperate with financial institutions such as the World Bank , the European Investment Bank and the Global Environment Fund .
The Council is currently composed of five European associations for renewable energy .
And now this week , still without having had an approximate assessment of the impact of the crisis that flared up in August , a new episode in the saga has developed with the devaluation of the Brazilian currency .
If such reductions continue , these sectors will disappear .
For this reason , I should like to remind the Commission that the proposal for a resolution on shipbuilding included an amendment that called for a study on how to address the problems described .
However , in 1998 , good internal conditions more than compensated for negative external effects .
In the year leading up to September 1998 , the European Union registered a trade surplus of ECU 22 billion for industrial products , that is , ECU 16 billion less than the surplus for the same period in 1997 .
The European Union 's trade balance for industrial products should improve in relation to 1998 .
To illustrate this point , only last week the Commission initiated two proceedings , based on two complaints submitted by the European Union 's steel industry .
The unexpected increase in imports of steel products into the European Union caused prices to collapse in the second half of 1998 .
It is essential that all parties involved act in a responsible manner and in accordance with international standards in order to safeguard the advantages of trade liberalisation and avoid further trade disputes .
However , the Community industry managed to maintain a strong position in the world market in 1998 : it obtained 29 % of new orders between January and September 1998 , as opposed to 22 % for Korea .
The Managing Director of the IMF , Michel Camdessus , yesterday stated that he was satisfied with Brazil 's commitment to apply the budgetary consolidation programme agreed with the IMF.
Madam President , I should firstly like to thank the Commissioner for the information he gave us which , to a certain extent , was rather optimistic .
In the resolution we have signed there is the suggestion - and I know it is not a very popular one - that we should once again discuss a tax on financial capital transfers in the economies of such countries .
I will very briefly say to Mr Katiforis - whom I cannot see here at the moment - that I in fact believe that it would be a serious mistake at this time of international economic fragility for the European Union to lift protectionist barriers .
This would not only benefit them but would also put them in a position to import European products .
However , there is an amendment by Mr Kittelmann that includes the steel and shipbuilding industries .
We have talked to him and with other colleagues about adding the textiles industry , which is important for our country and for others .
Efforts should be made to control all activities in the fisheries sector and this should be done fairly .
Some of the issues addressed in the report are linked to decisions to be made in a different context , as they relate to monitoring fisheries .
The Commission notes Parliament 's comments regarding the content of the list of pilot schemes , which it believes to be biased as it centres too much on certain areas .
The Commission notes the suggestion included in the report on investigating the value of banning discards for one or two species as a pilot project .
As regards the transparency of the debate held in Parliament during the December part-session , I would ask you again , please , to convey a strong protest on my behalf to the President of the European Commission .
For instance , the Commissioner has just mentioned how those who wish to benefit from the ECU 100 extensification premium know they will have to maintain a specific intensity of cattle .
In particular , what future does it see for biomass which could be used to produce renewable energy ?
State aid to such regions should certainly be authorised .
The public tend to perceive competition policy as essentially an economic issue .
This is why public statements such as those made by the Commission Director-General responsible for energy are so alarming and a cause of such concern to all democrats .
