more in favour of clear words , so there can be no excuses .
That is why it has to be quite clear that there has to be some room for manoeuvre over the budget at least for next year , and that we can top it up .
That applies in particular to Amendment No 5 and the other amendments connected with it .
There are already working groups in the ecological area of the textile industry .
The President-in-Office of the Council , Mr Brown , the Chancellor of the Exchequer , has this morning informed the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy that the Council accepts the recommendation of the European Commission .
In all eleven participating countries , long-term interest rates are substantially below the reference value of 7.8 % .
We came to the conclusion that we should approve the positive assessment of the Commission and Council in respect of the fulfilment of the debt criteria by all eleven participating countries .
If you now accept my proposal , then we shall be advocating the adoption of a single currency by eleven Member States on 1 January 1999 .
It is coming in a form which is better than had been feared and that is down to the fact that discontent among the social forces in Europe has led to real changes .
The work was slipshod .
Monetary union will change the face of Europe .
Exchange-rate stability is essential for price stability in an open and integrated internal market .
( Applause ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , sufficient tributes have been paid to this historic occasion .
A baby named euro is to come into the world at a time when important conditions for its harmonious development and functioning have still to be met .
The parents should not be arguing before the child is even born .
The Commission has now informed us , the European Parliament , of its recommendation for the eleven countries which are to comprise the euro area .
This must now be our goal .
I have already said that regulation is also being extended to what does not need to be protected .
Not by giving each other hair cuts , I imagine !
I would like to point this out in order to counteract the impression that a genuinely acceptable text has become available only in the context of the second legislative procedure .
Madam President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , some here would like to get the directive on the legal protection of biotechnological inventions out of the way with all possible speed .
Madam President , some considerable time ago 1.2 million of my compatriots signed a petition to put on record their opposition to the patenting of biotechnological inventions .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , the present common position on which we shall be voting tomorrow is better than its reputation .
The cloning of human beings is not a fantasy .
We have worked together on this issue for 10 years , and that is why I am in favour of having an argument with the Council and going into the conciliation procedure with this amendment which we have once again proposed .
However , if they are now forced to recognize that this directive will make them economically dependent again because the derogations for farmers are too limited , this will do nothing to promote the acceptability of biotechnology in agriculture .
The fact that there were socialist Members on the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development who were somewhat hesitant in adding their signatures cannot be taken to mean that overall this was not an expression of the views of the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development , Mr Cot .
Moreover , the European Court of Justice confirmed this last year , when it declared such a communication from the Commission - it must have been in February - to be unlawful .
Many amendments based on this realization have already been introduced in the Committee on Culture .
The fact that these fashionable drugs are being distributed for profit as part of a new organized-crime network means that the measures being proposed in the report , and particularly those aimed at an effective system of prevention , have now become a matter of urgency .
We all agree about the objectives .
Mr President , Commissioner , you cannot base health policy measures such as the ban on tobacco advertising on Article 100a because that is expressly forbidden in Article 129 .
If we do not have the courage - and none of you has - then we have to think hard about what we should do about legal products which are legally produced , and which are allowed .
I claim the right - despite the risk that as a non-smoker I shall be denounced as a paid agent of the tobacco lobby - to assert that it is the job of the state to protect consumers , not to patronize them .
Because there is no European legislation in the context of health policy for such far-reaching interventions , even under the Treaty of Amsterdam , the Council and the Commission often resort to the harmonization instrument known as competition , despite their own better judgement .
That is why , quite logically , the Commissioner for Health is sitting here and defending it .
I await an apology from you , and if that is not forthcoming , then we all know what to think ! ( Applause from the Green Group )
I very much hope that he will survive his injuries .
It has failed to create a clear legal framework which sets down ethical limits for industry .
But I assume that what applies to my colleagues applies to me as well , and I should therefore like to make an oral voting declaration