This has also happened .
Our 30 % shall also continue to be used as a leveraging tool .
An agreement in Copenhagen must cover all of the world 's emissions .
Without an offer from the US and China , only half of this is covered .
Two weeks before the final negotiations , we will continue to maintain our leadership .
Mr President , I must say that I really appreciate the broad support that the EU 's approach has received from almost everyone in Parliament .
There have been times when not all Member States have supported this as strongly as they do today and , in the crucial situations , the Commissioner has always stood very firm .
I would like to say to everyone here in the debate who has mentioned the issue of financing - Mr Leinen , Mrs Hassi , Mrs de Brún and others - that of course the specific figures are important , too .
The EU has shown the way here .
Some people are saying 'go 10 % further .
Madam President , I would genuinely like to thank Parliament for a long and intensive debate and also for the strong and broad commitment that has become apparent during the debate .
We have reduced them by half of what we need to achieve , whatever happens , by 2020 and by a third if we aim for what we all hope will be the outcome of the Copenhagen agreement , which is to say , a 30 % reduction in emissions on the EU 's part .
We will need to agree on all of the content of the agreement .
On the contrary , large green investments are also part of the economic changes , in other words , the move towards a 'greener ' economy , which will also lead countries , both rich and poor , out of the economic crisis .
Some people wonder why we should invest in the clean development mechanism ( CDM) , but that is nevertheless precisely what it is all about , namely that the polluter must pay for green investments in developing countries .
I think that is a good thing and it is important , but we must also reform these rules so that the environmental effects are even greater and clearer and so that we can be even more certain that this also reaches those who are poorest .
Finally , I think that it should be said loud and clear that if an agreement in Copenhagen is not sufficient to allow the EU to go up to 30 % , in other words , if we get such a watered-down result that the EU , for reasons of propriety , quite simply cannot go up to 30 % , then it will have been a failure .
It is also because , when we talk about the two degree target , we are conscious of the fact that it is the highest level we need to achieve .
The world has waited long enough .
The programme is intended to supersede the current Hague Programme from 2004 .
The European Parliament 's attitude to the future cooperation is important , particularly in view of the greater role that Parliament will have as a result of the Treaty of Lisbon .
The vision of the Stockholm Programme is for a safer and more open Europe where the rights of individuals are protected .
Future cooperation in this area must also be based on a better balance between measures aimed at creating a safe and secure Europe and measures aimed at protecting the rights of individuals .
When it comes to combating cross-border crime , the challenges are great .
We need common solutions to common problems .
At the same time , it is extremely important to ensure that the exchange of information complies with the basic requirements for data protection and the protection of privacy that we must impose and that no more information is gathered and stored than is needed to serve the purpose .
The principle of mutual recognition must continue to be a fundamental principle in our legal cooperation .
A prerequisite for Member States wishing to recognise and enforce the judgments and decisions of other States is that there is mutual trust in one another 's legal systems .
It may be a matter of providing training , exchange programmes , strengthening existing networks and well-developed evaluation mechanisms .
It would be desirable for the road map to be included in the Stockholm Programme and I believe that it will be .
Finally , I would like to say a few words about the civil law issues which , to a large extent , affect the everyday lives of individuals .
Currently , anyone who wishes to have a judgment enforced in another Member State must first apply for and then be granted enforcement by a court in that country .
Thank you very much for your attention and I look forward to listening to your comments and answering your questions .
The Council has a very positive view of the constructive cooperation with the European Parliament that has led to us achieving this result .
I will start by saying that much has happened within the EU in the area of asylum and migration over the last few years .
Now it is time to set the course for the continued development of the policy in this area .
The instruments that have been developed , such as the partnership for mobility , should continue to be developed and consolidated in a strategic way .
There is no doubt that Frontex has an important role to play in this regard , and it is clear that the Member States want to see the agency strengthened .
The Commission is going