without ambiguities or uncertainties as to its objectives ; it would not have this third part which , doing nothing more than recapitulating previous treaties , is in contradiction to a global and ambitious project for Europe .
It is a hybrid organisation which , by making its mind known on every subject , and interfering in every area , enforces political choices that have tragic consequences for the future of the European peoples .
The citizens enjoy the right of petition ( capable of being translated into European law with the support of over 1 million signatures ) , and , in the social sphere , for the first time , the Union sets itself targets for shared progress in a social market economy .
It is also important that such coordination of sanitary projects on the ground , alongside the UN’s agencies , should be accompanied by follow-up aid , especially in the countries riven by conflicts , and by the coordination of civil and military assets , particularly for the purposes of reconstruction .
To be sure , this instrument already exists , but its coordination needs to be improved and its means reinforced .
The Luxembourg Presidency is firmly committed to implementing these conclusions .
All these factors together means that , of the three major components of the relationship with the United States – NATO , bilateral relations and EU-US relations – it is the third that is growing in importance .
Like the Americans , we Europeans must encourage the Israelis and Palestinians to seize this vital opportunity to relaunch the peace process and do everything possible to support the parties in their search for a just and lasting solution .
The best proof of the trans-Atlantic relationship’s maturity would be for us to talk less about this relationship in general than about the tasks we set ourselves towards the end of making the world a safer place and giving its economic , social and ecological development greater balance .
One French essayist summed up this widespread sentiment in these words : ‘The United States is in the process of becoming a problem for the world .
Someone pointed out that we had had nothing to say about Canada .
The Monterrey conference saw it make practical commitments , the potential revision of which will be debated at the April General Affairs and External Relations Council .
I welcome the United Kingdom’s initiative , it having announced its intention of cancelling its share in the debt incurred by the poorest countries to the World Bank , and I am impatient to see the countries of the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development as a whole do likewise .
Where Iraq is concerned , I do not believe that anyone doubts the necessity of helping with the reconstruction of that country .
There is no point in cancelling the debt if , at the same time , our borders are closed to certain imports from developing countries .
I should also like to draw your attention to the fact that the informal meeting of the JHA Council will basically be concerned with those issues .
In these same conclusions , the Council emphasises that it is important to strengthen technological research and development at European level as an indispensable complement to the efforts made at national level , and it draws particular attention to the need to exercise a powerful leverage effect on private investment in research – an action the responsibility for which falls in large part to the Member States .
In this connection , a government bill on foundations is at present being examined by the Turkish Government .
The Official Journal of the European Union is published in all 20 official languages .
That would be a pragmatic way of getting round this difficulty .     Honourable Member , first of all , I am in the peculiar situation of being , myself , a speaker of a minority language that is neither a working language nor , moreover , a language in which the Treaties are written .
I myself was one of the 1 200 OSCE observers who oversaw the poll on 26 December , not in Kiev but in Belgrade , in the Odessa region situated close to the border with Romania and Moldova , where certain villages are neither Russian nor Ukrainian-speaking .
Day after day and evening after evening , hundreds of thousands of Ukrainians gathered and mobilised to demand quite simply that they be able freely to exercise their right to vote .
Rather , this is a genuine labour dispute .
My fellow MEPs have talked at length about this .
Above all , the European Union will , however , when the cameras are no longer there , have to respond in the following ways , and on a long-term basis , to the requests of the populations affected . - Engage in reconstruction work , while respecting natural forces .
The rest of the wording remains unchanged .
Collectively we must share the guilt across the EU for all of the suffering inflicted on the victims of The Holocaust .
Mrs Hübner stated , in fact , that , in her view , it was necessary to facilitate relocation within Europe so that European companies might reduce their costs .
Fewer laws and better lawmaking will be the main thrust of our work .
Europe must also anticipate the possible threats from major scourges and combat the new epidemics and resistance to antibiotics .
In conclusion , I should like to say to you that political will must be reflected in a Financial Perspective that is evaluated for what it really is .
We have stability , Mr Barroso ; what we now need is growth .     Mr President , Mr President of the Commission , as we know , it is the Commission ’s legislative programme that enables us to translate the Council’s political priorities into practical actions .
