to thank Paul van Buitenen .
We are on the way to concluding a pact for radical reforms of the EU , just as our voters and all citizens of the Union expect of us .
You will not be having any honeymoon period because we are all waiting impatiently for you to begin work on the task in hand and for us , together , to begin working for Europe .
I perceive that there is something of the "emperor ' s new clothes " about the Codes of Conduct you have adopted for the new Commission .
Where are the hard and fast rules and the citizen' s perspective upon things ?
One sign of glasnost is that nothing happens .
There is openness but nothing else .
If you have the same staff of advisers in the new Commission as in the old , there is in fact a risk of precisely the same errors being committed as , for example , by the previous Commission in its relations with Parliament .
We did not get it right with the previous Commission .
Mr President , we now have high hopes of implementing a policy of openness and of carrying through reforms in the interests of efficiency .
Then , the Socialists opted for party considerations , evasion and cowardliness in the face of the Council .
I wish you luck .
Rather , the Charter should be an independent declaration of rights .
If too great a proportion of publicly financed social and economic entitlements were introduced , the walls shutting off the outside world would also be raised at the same time as the level of social provision in the European Union increases .
To be able to measure how far along this road the Member States have come , criteria must be established and efficient methods of measurement created .
Group pressure is a strong social force which can contribute to voluntary harmonisation .
On the other hand , we will not oppose there being a sort of " caretaker " Commission for the period up until 22 January 2000 .
This ought not , of course , to be the present Santer Commission , which must withdraw immediately .
" Whether you live in Africa or central Europe or any other place , if somebody comes after innocent civilians and tries to kill them en masse because of their race , their ethnic background or their religion and it is within our power to stop it , we will stop it " .
If we do not contribute to solving the tragedy in East Timor , the message to East Timor ' s people and to others is this : democracy is synonymous with death .
I am not talking about humanitarian support and support to democrats .
This has actually happened now .
It was quite comprehensive , but I think you would have to be able to interpret oracles to understand what the representative of the Council really said .
Or shall I interpret the answer as saying that there will in actual fact be a common defence policy ?
Can we not get a clear answer to this extremely important question ?
Where the present position is concerned , it can be stated quite clearly that there are more so-called peacekeeping exercises the European Union could become involved in .
Let me add that we who definitely do not want to see a common EU army and who are not members of NATO would nonetheless , in common with an overwhelming proportion of Sweden' s population , its government and the party I represent , like to see the EU taking more responsibility when it comes to Europe ' s peace and security .
I think the questioner is quite right .
If we have to use military troops , then we have gone wrong somewhere .
I am of precisely the same view , namely that we ought , in the first place , to direct our efforts towards such measures so as to ensure that crisis situations do not arise in Europe or in our immediate neighbourhood .
It should , however , be possible to develop it further .
My question is this : is the Presidency exerting pressure to ensure that the informal meeting of ministers which is taking place at this very moment will be in a position to take further steps which might find concrete expression in more cross-border investigations following the summit meeting in Tampere ?
One of the subjects to be discussed at the summit meeting is criminality and organised crime , together with the problems which this type of criminality entails .
This is something which , as the country which holds the Presidency , we are now looking into .
Are these included in the 700 pages of material to be published ?
The documents which are in this manual and which will be published in the OJEC should cover most of the material the questioner is asking about .
The particular resolution with which the European Parliament is dealing contains a series of important standpoints which Finland , as the country which is at present holding the EU Presidency , together with the European Council as a whole , ought to consider in advance of the summit .
With regard to paragraph 19 about providing Europol with opportunities in the operational sphere , we think that this paragraph is to be interpreted as meaning that any such development of Europol co-operation should be for the purpose of promoting the fight against cross-border crime , but must in that case take place within the framework of the Member States ' right to full control over police activity within their own borders .
In the main , I support the motion for a resolution , but with a number of important exceptions .
Paragraph 3 is too general and far-reaching