Nonetheless , these regrettable facts must not overshadow the heroic acts or the excellent example of civic-mindedness demonstrated by the non-governmental organisations , the civilian population , anonymous individuals and the army , who are all involved in the recovery and rescue operations .
We call on his government to make every effort to guarantee security in the region and respect for human rights .
Mr President , I would appreciate it if you could tell me whether or not the statement you have just read out has been printed and is being distributed in some way to Members .
Transport is the means of communication which makes trade possible .
As our poet says , there should be ' un pont en la mar blava ' , a bridge across the azure sea .
Such recognition should not , however , jeopardise the stability of old European nations .
However , such features are not yet defining characteristics of the common fisheries policy though we would like them to be .
Indeed , even the details of this are unclear , as the figures of 24 , 35 and 50 miles are all quoted when the review of the common fisheries policy is discussed .
It only remains for me to thank Mr Gallagher for his work and to thank all Members present today .
I think we should reach a consensus on what we understand by regionalisation of the common fisheries policy before discussing it .
However , this should not be at the cost of fragmenting the CFP with regional decisions , thus increasing bureaucracy and weakening the guarantees of impartiality in the decision-making process .
This therefore amounts to setting up a system similar to that which already exists in the United States and in Japan , where the grace period is six months .
I am not sure whether it is more or less prudent to request a grace period than not to do so .
It should also be borne in mind that in October 1988 , the Commission organised a public hearing attended by representatives of the sectors concerned .
I should like to conclude by congratulating the rapporteur again because I do feel that this report has identified the main issues relating to the achievement not only of economic and social cohesion but also of geographical cohesion amongst all the regions of the European Union .
However , as you all know , this was not possible as the legal basis was changed at the last minute , when a great deal of work had already been done on the report .
It is therefore also our duty to prepare a good text setting out an appropriate strategy for the medium term that effectively helps to prevent and mitigate the effects of violence on women , children and young people .
Over the last 20 years many inequalities have been corrected but discrimination still exists .
The European Union has many resources it can draw on to provide assistance .
It needs to draw up internal rules that will be compatible and consistent with the Treaty when it enters into force .
I should also like to congratulate the technical services , principally those attached to the Committee on the Rules of Procedure .
The Rules must be practical and realistic , whilst retaining their emblematic value .
It will doubtless be criticised , but it is in line with the concept of European integration .
As regards relations with other institutions , I would emphasise that relations with national parliaments will be strengthened , as will relations with the Committee of the Regions and the Economic and Social Committee .
I would stress that all these amendments have a dual purpose .
The will is certainly there .
We trust that these amendments will therefore gain the necessary support within the House .
Amendment No 124 by the Socialist Group concerning interparliamentary delegations raises serious legal problems .
As Mr Fabre-Aubrespy has rightly said , we must be aware that implementation must await the entry into force of the Treaty of Amsterdam .
These new Rules will be ready to be implemented as soon as the Treaty comes into force .
Does this therefore mean that a special reading will be devoted to these matters or will they be given particular consideration at first reading ?
Whatever the formula eventually approved , this dialogue should become an integral part of the actual process .
In our view , it is not appropriate to hold hearings on the appointment of officials as this falls within the Commission 's competence and is essentially the Commission 's responsibility .
In conclusion , I should like to congratulate the House on its initiative to move ahead with the revision of the Rules of Procedure before the entry into force of the Treaty of Amsterdam .
Nevertheless , we have tabled a number of amendments aimed at increasing the effectiveness of the regulation .
This will in fact provide better treatment and respond to what could be called society 's ethical demand for continued operation .
Although the findings of these reports are not totally conclusive , it would be wise for the Commission to take account of the two basic principles of risk prevention : the safeguard principle , that is , avoiding risk in cases of doubt ; and the ALARA principle , in other words , that exposure to radiation should be as low as may reasonably be achieved .
We must remember that although responsibility for the provision of health care rests with the Member States , the European Union and the Member States can cooperate on issues concerning prevention .
I am not sure if this is true of the United States , but Europe certainly is a major producer of bananas .
It is as if someone were to steal my wallet and I were