I regard the separation of the system of aids to citrus processing from the common organization of markets in fresh produce as of great importance , since it will surely foster responsibility in the sector and encourage competitiveness and the search for proper sales outlets .
Secondly , the threshold level proposed by the Commission , particularly in the case of secondary citrus fruits ( 265 , 000 tonnes ) seems too tight , since the average of the last five seasons was about 264 , 000 tonnes , and the Committee on Agriculture has therefore felt the need to raise it to 365 , 000 tonnes .
Europe cannot compete with the very low wages and abysmal working conditions of the Third World .
To conclude , I believe the obstacles and contradictions have to be overcome so that local job initiatives can go forward , since they are of real importance .
To hope , as Mr Monti does , that an extension of the transit system to countries which are just really starting their transition to a market economy will not cause major disruption of the already weakened transit system is a very risky venture on the part of the Commission , which could only be conducted successfully in two ways : firstly , with a huge effort on the part of the national authorities of the Visegrad countries , and secondly with a huge financial effort on the part of the Commission to strengthen the chaotic Customs systems of those countries .
Today , in contrast , I welcome the fact that the issue is being addressed at this part-session , and that the House is finally displaying some consistency - since it would make no sense to hold this debate and disregard previous events .
If we lose this opportunity , we shall let slip a second chance to look inside the European Union and see what is happening with regard to human rights .
The proposal for a Council decision provides firstly for the signing of the convention on behalf of the European Community , subject to approval , with the opinion of the European Parliament then being required before ratification .
Indeed , I believe that the appropriate way to deal with the issue of relocation is not intellectual property law , but fiscal harmonization measures which prevent a company from taking refuge in the legislation of a given country , for example , while we continue our efforts to harmonize the law on intellectual property .
Finally , another important aspect of this convention is its conformity with the Berne Convention - as Mr Barzanti said , the Berne Convention is the cornerstone of this entire sector - and the 1961 Rome Convention for the Protection of Performers , Producers of Phonograms and Broadcasting Organizations .
Society is now at an historic crossroads , like few before that come to mind : perhaps the discovery of the Americas , I do not know .
And at this crossroads , we must ask ourselves : is the law capable of creating that order ?
Society as a whole must be protected from organized crime , which may exploit this unregulated scenario for the benefit of its corrupt interests .
It is for this reason that we wish the protection of copyright and related rights to be given priority over any other imperative in the use of these new technologies .
Hence public service television is necessary , in the first place to guarantee a variety of programming and to ensure that legitimate commercial considerations do not result in broadcasting which focuses excessively on the most profitable programmes with the largest audiences .
And one of those areas is the obligations of public service broadcasting in relation to society - obligations for which public funding provides appropriate compensation .
The amendments tabled by Mrs Torres Marques , whom I would congratulate , principally concern the inclusion of workers with atypical or part-time contracts in occupational social security schemes .
This is an extremely difficult task , therefore , and I welcome the fact that work has begun on it already .
The report contains an inconsistency , since on the one hand , the rapporteur calls for studies and analysis of the experiments carried out in this field , whilst on the other , he proposes that the measures be implemented almost immediately .
And finally , measures to adjust or reduce working hours or make them more flexible cannot be imposed : they must be discussed and , where appropriate , decided on - and the rapporteur also recognizes this - by the two sides of industry and in the workplace .
Nor does it attempt to conceal the reality or the need for this debate in our societies .
This debate is not coming to an end today , but is only just beginning in this House .
However , there are also a number of fundamental issues on which , regrettably , we are unable to agree .
Annex 1.2 , however , includes a further seven pollutants which are not measured - except for carbon monoxide , which is also measured in all the Member States .
I would call on the Commissioner , once again , to take steps to ensure that there is better legislation , not more .
It is unacceptable , in our view , that as Mr Eisma just said , this recommendation should be called into question by an issue which , in the field of species conservation as a whole , is one of minor importance .
Over the last few years , Spain has suffered frequently - perhaps too frequently - from such problems in the export of its fruit and vegetables , as well as other more sensitive products such as dietary products for children .
This completely