I ask for your forbearance .
How many 'no-fly ' passenger lists are there today in America and how is erroneous reconnaissance avoided ?
How safe are the names and details from unauthorised use and access ?
The US Congress itself has put them to the US administration .
It states that the ΡΝR details of European passengers will be used on the Secure Flight Programme , which relates solely to domestic and not to international flights , contrary to what you said .
Thus , the first comment I have to make concerns the security situation , the most important problem identified in Iraq today .
One of these is , of course , the restoration of the Iraqi security forces and , on the other hand , the restoration of the Iraqi army , which is no easy matter .
However , in my opinion , it is necessary .
The epicentre of the overall reconstruction process is , without doubt , a procedure which has just started , by which I mean the drafting of the new constitution .
Are we afraid or are we ashamed of it , Giorgos ?
That is what we did to the victor and that is what the people of Iraq are doing today and rightly so .
They must leave them the oil , and with oil at 60 dollars a barrel they will find their way .
We have lived through it .
Let us speak the truth .
Let us go and say what we have to say in Baghdad .
That is where the people are , that is where the truth is , that is where the problem is .
Long live self-determination .     – Mr President , I welcome the British initiative and I hope that it will have substantial results , because it is true that , despite the pronouncements to date by the leaders of the strong states , little progress has been made .
However , particular importance must be attached to the administration of resources through close cooperation and supervision by the various international organisations and non-governmental organisations .
The Structural Funds are used by governments to strengthen the plutocracy of the Member States , the imperialist plans of the Member States , the concentration of capital and the escalation of the monopolies .
Social and regional disparities are worsening instead of getting better .
We eleven New Democracy MEPs supported the report , which our various and numerous amendments helped to shape .
Our reservation concerns the criminal code , which is why we voted against paragraph 4 .
Our objective is to encourage Turkey to develop its legislation and attitudes in accordance with the and to point out the omissions which exist today and the obligations created on the path towards democracy .
At the same time , antagonism between the imperialists is increasing in their bid to safeguard a bigger share of the spoils .
The right of the peoples to determine their future is non-negotiable .     – Mr President , I agree absolutely with my honourable friend , Mrs Doris Ρack , that Srebrenica should be a permanent living memory .
If the reason was the immaturity of the European political system , then the message is the need to arm the European Union with the qualities of a single and genuine political identity .
In my opinion , an advanced and cohesive strategic plan is needed for the area , a single contractual framework for a privileged partnership between the ΕU and the Western Balkans .
The immediate challenge for relations between the European Union and the Western Balkans can be reduced to the following triptych : articulated political dialogue , cross-border infrastructure networks and the opening of the markets .
Today we have an obligation to strengthen the memory of history , we have an obligation to honour the innocent victims of the ethnic violence in Yugoslavia , the Muslims , Serbs and Croats , without selective sensibilities and without any philosophy when it comes to bloodshed .
Ten years later , Bosnia is still deeply divided .
The European Union has a political and strategic responsibility to defend and strengthen the European prospects and the integration of the countries of the Balkans into the European institutions .
It must not repeat them .     – Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , representatives of the Presidency , the regular visits to Brussels and Strasbourg of Chinese officials and the meetings between them and representatives of the European Parliament highlight the interest in developing relations between China and the European Union .
It is no coincidence that , in the face of the impasses , the Chinese are trying to compromise .
The signature of the ‘open skies ’ cooperation agreement increasing flights between the European Union and Beijing by the Vice-President of the European Commission , Jacques Barrot , is an example of goodwill .
Good wishes also because Great Britain has the capacity , in conjunction with Beijing in 2008 , to strengthen relations still further .     – Mr President-in-Office of the Council , I congratulate you on winning the 2012 Olympic Games and suppose that your government is interested in developing a spirit of ecumenicity with a view to organising these Olympic Games ; I therefore wish to ask the Presidency if it intends to offer its good services by communicating with the British Government . so that it makes a decision on what the European Parliament has been calling for since 1998 : for the Parthenon marbles to be returned within the next few years .     – I would like to give special thanks to the President-in-Office of the Council , Mr Alexander , and start by wishing him every strength and every success in his job and that of the British Presidency .
Mr President ,