very different approach from the largely unsuccessful one adopted under the existing Presidency , and proceed in the way I prescribed before .
In response , I must say that - and politicians too are always faced with such dilemmas - you have to decide between being a likeable individual or one that is effective .
However , I believe that for such a demanding directive - and Parliament is quite aware that it is not a straightforward one - we must take the current state of affairs of each country , the various aspects of social dialogue , the positions of the social partners and the various discrepancies in all the points I mentioned before , piece them all together and thereby find a very fine balance between them all , so that we can be as successful as we possibly can .
In my view , this directive is not merely a directive which will help workers .
We shall proceed on this basis , and on this basis , I shall also proceed , with the aforementioned timetable , in the belief that , under the Portuguese Presidency , we will indeed be able to find a new strategy .
We want to see stronger reinforcement and greater responsibility being taken , but we also need to have the consensus of both Member States and social partners because acceptance from all quarters will play an extremely important role in its effective implementation .
These changes and the strengthening of budgetary discipline apparent in both the conclusions of the Berlin European Council and the new interinstitutional agreement are the main reasons why this decision needs to be amended and supplemented with new mechanisms .
The changes which accompany the report under discussion accommodate the majority of proposals relating to adjustments to provisions .
It was also decided to reject the proposal to replace the decision by a regulation since the fact that the measures are adopted as a decision has no effect on their efficacy .
However , I would stress that budgetary discipline is not an end in itself and must not stand in the way of proper and efficient application of the basic provisions of Community law or , in this case , affect the basic principles of the common agricultural policy .
I realise that my report is far from perfect and that numerous other changes could have been included ; however , I fear that Parliament finds the word discipline somewhat disagreeable .
Standard treatment of all European citizens in connection with family disputes and the care and control of children in the event of divorce will spare thousands of families considerable anguish and bureaucratic obstruction , thereby bolstering the sense of security and confidence in the European Union of our citizens .
The proposed changes , such as giving the child an opportunity to be heard before taking a decision and full compliance with the Hague Convention , seek mainly to safeguard the rights and interests of children .
The directive is a good directive ; however , it needs to be more daring if it is to pave the way , in the foreseeable future , for a single European family law which takes account of the huge social , economic and cultural changes which are the order of our day .
This is why the Helms-Burton Act has met and continues to meet with general disapproval and demands for its immediate repeal , and rightly so .
Commissioner , as to whether or not there are reports , I have before me a written reply by Mr Dickson to a written question on these matters which bears the stamps and seals of all the organisations .
You know full well that telecommunications in Kosovo , as a part of Serbia , were jointly owned by the Greek Telecommunications Organisation and the Italian company STET International and you also know full well what the situation is now .
In the meantime , there have been numerous accusations of a series of infringements by KFOR which calls this status into question .
With reference to what you said about natural disasters in Greece and France , perhaps you would be so kind as to clarify what you meant .
Does your statement mean that the Commission has changed its position and that there will be aid under the Community Support Framework for people whose houses were damaged ?
And yet the problem persists .
Our Rules of Procedure have been drawn up on the basis that there is no High Representative for the Common Foreign and Security Policy .
Is the High Representative for the Common Foreign and Security Policy to be outside parliamentary control ?
This has nothing to do with whether I like or have faith in Mr Solana .
I am raising this issue not to make things difficult for you , because we do not carry out foreign policy based on conjecture , but to illustrate the context in which you should operate .
The latter involves a Europe which is politically absent but economically present ; it is a strategy for simply monitoring crises , which leads nowhere .
Now we are confronted with a new phase of developments and hostilities in the Caucasus region .
Once again , I wish you every success .
Just as the others did !
The whole thing is a shambles , blind hypocrisy .
The aim of the commercialisation of services , even of education , health and culture , is to deprive the working class and the people in general of many of their achievements gained over the century .
Rules governing international economic relations and trade should respect fundamental social rights , serve the interests of workers , promote development in the less developed countries , respect the environment and create the conditions for the development of all peoples