Why , though , is this really so ?
This has happened twice in Parliament 's recent history .
If he does not agree , he settles the matter after discussion in the Conference of Presidents .
Mr President , as rapporteur - of the Group of the European People 's Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats , that is - I wish to say that tonight we are discussing an issue that concerns the organisational autonomy and sovereignty of the European Parliament .
The text of the amendment proposed by the rapporteur is the outcome of conciliation between the PPE-DE Group and the Socialist Group in the European Parliament .
I have some very brief comments on what has been said .
I believe this resolution is democratic precisely because it allows proceedings to develop in the most appropriate way .
Mrs Roithová also quite rightly pointed out that the role of the Committee on Legal Affairs is important ; it is exercised in accordance with the way the regulation is formulated .
Thank you all very much .
The EU should attach great importance to public dialogue in order to ensure both freedom of expression and the protection of personal data , in cooperation with civil society .
First there will be complete liberalisation and privatisation at national level , and then radical restructuring , over-concentrating of the media and an accumulation of capital at the expense of workers in the sector and of users .
This confirms the need to change the balance of power in favour of the workers with a radically different policy to make use of new technology for the benefit of the workers .
It is essential to safeguard quality public television that is pluralistic , open and independent .
Obesity has taken on epidemic proportions .
The most obese people in Europe are to be found in Greece , where 3 in 4 are overweight and there has been a 956 % increase in fast food .
This will be funded with European capital to a total of EUR 90 million annually and will be supplemented with national funding .
These statements , the state-monopoly interventions announced by Ecofin and the bourgeois governments of the EU Member States , as well as the bailing out of the debt-ridden banks and other monopoly business groups with public money , are measures to support EU capital in a bid to shore up the monopolies ' economic and political dominance .
The only way ahead for the workers is to disobey and break with the anti-popular policy of the EU , and the bourgeois governments of its Member States .
This opposition won a 'surprising ' 6 % in the previous presidential elections and failed to win a single seat in the recent parliamentary elections .
Now that they acknowledge the existence of such equality , they are shamelessly and high-handedly claiming that the new parliament has 'doubtful democratic legitimacy ' .
I refer to the blow to the WTO 's credibility .
We therefore call on the Commission to take a decisive negotiating stance in future .
There are many questions I could put to the Commissioner for Agriculture .
To conclude , let me say that I personally believe the negative completion - that is , the removal of barriers in the WTO framework - has not been adequately backed up by the necessary positive integration in terms of regulatory systemic convergence .
Let me remind you that , as the rapporteur has said , the symbols originate from the Constitutional Treaty .
They happen to symbolise something else , and how appropriate that fine Greek verb is here : a political project , an idea of Europe .
Thus if we say that the crisis we are all experiencing - and I am referring not only to the economic crisis , but also to Europe 's present institutional and moral crisis - is a symbol of these difficult times , I think the EU 's response must be united action .
Mr President , let me express my thanks to Mr Peterle for his attempt to add some additional policies and actions to the Community strategy on health .
He has aimed at promoting equal access to an integrated health system as a basic , inalienable right of every citizen .
We should concentrate on disease prevention through the promotion of healthy lifestyles and the provision of optimum treatment , as well as on investment in new technologies and research .
It does not address the problem of undeclared work from the point of view of workers ' interests .
These are tax exemptions as well ; the financial burden on businesses is being reduced and informal employment contracts are being introduced .
The workers ' struggle through the labour movement aims to overturn the anti-popular policy of the EU and the bourgeois governments of the Member States .
By adopting this stance , the European Parliament is once again revealing itself as the mainstay and architect of reactionary EU reforms .
They anticipate its dissolution and aim to establish their own power , ushering in new institutions and symbols corresponding to their own needs and values .
The aim is also to increase the profitability of monopoly business groups .
As a result , it not only fails to propose reforestation measures , but also emphasises that 'an increase in forest cover ' should be undertaken only 'where it is absolutely vital ' .
They oppose the commercialisation of what is still a social good , even though it is prey to the profit-making of monopolies .
It is intervening in a sector that is exclusively under the authority of the Member States , applying private enterprise criteria , promoting entrepreneurial activity and neglecting the basic human right to health and life .
We are voting against the report because we align ourselves with the workers