think it has also turned to the north , which is apparent from Russian activity in the northern and northwestern regions .
This means that a new opportunity has now been created for the European Union and Russia to swiftly improve their mutual cooperation , along with the chance for them both to benefit from it .
Mr President , it is the opinion of the Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party that the resolution agreed among the groups will provide a good basis for the work of the EU-Russia Summit .
For my own part I would like to stress that we must try to narrow the economic and social differences that exist on all the Union 's external borders .
Such systematic programmes of cooperation between neighbouring regions have been in place on the border between Finland and Russia for a good ten years now .
The Union has to be prepared to finance this cooperation between neighbouring regions .
For cooperation in the border regions we need a new system of funding .
We have to create a new system of funding that can be used on the Union 's other external borders too .
Firstly , I want to thank the Council for its answer .
Mrs Elisabeth Rehn , my predecessor here in Parliament , wrote a very influential report dealing with the situation of women in both war and peace .
This is a problem in western Afghanistan .
Please , Council , what actions are you taking in the light of Mrs Rehn 's work ?
As for the situation in Iraq , is there any way you could intervene ?
Two or three of the people in the village would have an Internet connection at their disposal .
Every year in the village there would be one funeral , and at least two more children would be born there .
Neither does it say anything about the significance of health , powerlessness , or insecurity .
Besides wealth we should also be speaking about power .
The debate on globalisation and poverty is generally about one of the dimensions of poverty only : income and consumption poverty .
Many local communities , which have not been stripped of their natural resources or where the natural resources have not been destroyed , which have sufficient food and shelter , and where the community culture thrives , may be at least as good places to live as cities in rich countries .
It acknowledges those errors and mistaken attitudes of development policies which prevailed for far too long , such as the concentration on technical solutions and the reliance on foreign models .
I can only hope that this will be taken seriously in the Member States when development cooperation resources are distributed and allocated .
In my country there were elections in March .
As a pious hope , it even got as far as the government programme ; however , the actual implementation was left to the next government .
Mr President , tackling the education crisis is one of the most effective means we have at our disposal for breaking the cycle of poverty and achieving the 2015 human development targets .
That is the single factor which is significantly undermining all the other work that is being done in the world to reduce poverty .
The rapporteur quite rightly mentions that the Commission must participate in the World Bank 's 'Education for all - Fast track ' programme .
Likewise , he warns the EU , and with good reason , not to agree to schooling being included as a service in the WTO 's General Agreement on Trade and Services .
We must trust in the notion that raising standards of education and the literacy rate is the best thing global trade can hope for .
That is the key to development .
Where a girl is a liability and a burden on the family only a determined shift in attitudes and the commencement of education opportunities will ensure there is any change .
The status quo is not really an option for European governments .
In order to prepare for the overall as well as the budgetary effects of ageing populations we have to increase employment , reduce public debt and reform pensions and health care systems .
Change , even change that is necessary and inevitable , always meets with resistance , which is what we have also experienced this week in Strasbourg .
Avoidance of geopolitical risks now gives us some hope of faster economic growth , but numerous experts are also pointing out that in forecasts made in the last two years faster economic growth has always been put off until the following six-month period .
The only positive factor is the low rate of inflation , which has averaged around 2 % and will possibly fall even further .
If we want the broad guidelines of economic policies to have a successful outcome they should incorporate a clear work programme which defines the main areas of action for reform and a timetable for completion .
In addition , the guidelines should list the special actions which are needed in those areas where internal political 'stalemate ' has obstructed progress in certain Member States .
Our employment rate , which is low when viewed in the international context , is also due to the misconceived incentives embedded in our benefit systems , which are conducive to withdrawal from the labour market or remaining outside it .
More flexible arrangements for working time and less stringent regulatory systems would enhance participation in the labour market and improve employment opportunities .
Mrs Tumpel-Gugerell 's curriculum vitae would indicate that she is an excellent choice in terms of the main requirements laid down in the EC Treaty for membership of the Executive Board of the European Central Bank , namely personal integrity and recognised standing and professional experience in the monetary and banking field .
