This is a printing error .
I should like to express my thanks to those of Michelin' s employees who are here today .
An amendment to the Directive would definitely be appropriate here , Commissioner .
The result , however , is a very dangerous self-fulfilling prophecy and , in more and more branches of industry , we are heading for dangerous market concentrations .
( The President cut the speaker off ) That is why it is crucially important to strengthen the European Works Councils .
We are discussing minimum amounts for research here .
I am a little disappointed , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , that you have only told us what we have read in the newspapers anyway .
Mr President , Commissioner , there is no doubt that constructive cooperation between Russia and the CIS States , on the one hand , and Europe on the other , is one of the most important prerequisites for peace for the 21st century .
I do not want to conceal the fact - and I have in fact been involved with policy towards Russia for a number of years now - that there are aspects of it which are hugely frustrating .
Mr President , when Russian colonial troops conquered Chechnya in the last century , Finland had already been under Russian control for a long time .
In fact , he is already conducting an election campaign by means of this war , and only if his popularity were to decline would scenarios like that have to be reconsidered .
I consider that the cultural sphere , to which we have the task of giving a higher profile , requires a much larger sum of money .
We wanted to give equal status to the European Voluntary Service and " Youth for Europe " .
I therefore recommend that a period of seven years be proposed here and that the financial framework for implementing this programme be set at EUR 980 million .
The action programme sets out to contribute to the realisation of a European sphere of education which promotes lifelong learning and facilitates the unrestricted exercise of citizens ' rights .
The education of European youth is not an area in which money-saving measures are to be taken .
This is a first step towards achieving what Parliament is requesting and I shall say , for the sake of the anecdote , that it is a programme that was developed on the basis of a Scottish project .
These are amendments 1 , 4 , 5 , 9 part 2 , 10 , 11 , 12 part 1 , as well as amendment 13 , tabled by Mrs Gröner and Mrs Scallon .
And because there are so few of us , we must also stick together here .
Here , there is a report about a resolution to enact a Directive from the European Commission requiring Member States to ensure that no telecommunications company of relevance to the market should be able to operate its cable television network through the same legal entity .
The Conference of Presidents came to the unanimous conclusion that we should not discuss Michelin specifically , but instead speak generally about the restructuring of firms in connection with globalisation .
Madam President , I echo your regrets , and I also work on the assumption that errors of this type must not recur in future .
We have Amendment No 430 on the European Year of Languages as the next amendment to be voted on .
We all want OLAF to be able to commence its work properly as soon as possible and work effectively for the benefit of the European Union .
The processing of applications and payments to the citizens of the Union in some cases takes more than 18 months , leading to justifiable criticism of the administration of the Union .
I would , however , add at the same time that this report also describes the tense relationship of road and rail .
It is applicable , besides , to other areas of transport policy .
As you also know , in spite of all the efforts undertaken on the part of the Commission , and in part by my predecessor , Morocco has still not wished to hold any exploratory meetings .
All European problems are the problems of all EU states , and I therefore wish to say that this fisheries agreement is a problem for Europe as a whole .
Approximately 40,000 workers are employed in this sector , and thus the existence of an international agreement , such as the agreement with Morocco , also plays an essential role with regard to the supplying of consumers and the fish processing industries , and thus to sustainable prices .
The European Parliament , and the Committee on Fisheries in particular , are generally very concerned about the renewal of this particular agreement .
You can be certain of one thing : even though I did not in opening mention all the elements relating to the significance of this agreement , particularly for the Spanish and also the Portuguese fisheries industry , I am nonetheless perfectly aware of its significance .
There is another thing you can be quite sure of .
It is a matter which I think can be seen from two points of view .
There is no scientific certainty that there is no risk of BSE either in Great Britain or in France or , for that matter , in other European countries .
You have three tests that have been validated , and yet you are not applying them .
I will give you one such example .
I eagerly await the outcome of this evening .
However good the tests are , they are not one hundred percent reliable .
This Protocol laid down the technical and financial conditions whereby Community ships are permitted to fish in Angolan