Indeed , my plan for the future is that we will also use our own very precise rules , which we have established for the accounting process , to provide further answers here .
There has been a strong increase in resources for the Court in recent years , thanks to the efforts of Mr Ferber , the rapporteur for this area , who has lobbied hard and very successfully for an increase in funding in recent years .
All I can say is that this is a decision for the European Parliament .
We will undoubtedly get bogged down in discussions again later , but we think this is acceptable in principle .
This is the case in particular for milk and milk products , which is precisely the sector that has not yet undergone reform .
At its first reading , the Council retained the figures in the preliminary draft budget .
Only then would it be possible to meet your request , but I should like to stress that the Commission shares the view that in future , agricultural policy and fisheries policy should be included under the codecision procedure .
Mr President , Commissioner Schreyer , Commissioner Fischler , ladies and gentlemen , let me make it clear from the outset that on the whole we support the proposals on the mid-term review ; even though they will not affect the 2003 budget , they appear to be the right steps in the right direction .
That should be enough !
Several Members have indicated that they are opposed to these across-the-board cuts of 0.8 % and I too am against a systematic cut of this kind ; furthermore I believe that generally speaking this is a book-keeping exercise and not a political act .
Anyone who tries to deny this fact does not exactly help us to make real progress with this policy .
This is the practice that has been observed by Parliament hitherto .
My group opposes the amendments re-tabled by the Greens , seeking in addition to carry out actions on transport prevention on this tight budget .
That , however , is the absolute limit as far as the praise is concerned .
The third is entrepreneurship with the aim of job creation , and the fourth , equal opportunities , is one of the most important pillars , which , like the others , needs to be developed further .
Reducing the burden on business , simplifying the formalities , particularly at the start-up phase , and setting up funds .
That is where investment is made , but unfortunately all too often withheld .
We are aware that some Member States put up so-called passive resistance to the Commission .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , today 's stocktaking exercise illustrates very clearly how important it has been even to reflect on strategies at European level because , although responsibility for labour market policy lies with the national governments , when it comes to economic policy and social policy it really is time that we recognised that the internal market has contributed to making our national economies interdependent and at the same time to creating interdependent living and working conditions , with the result that we are quite simply compelled , as the European Parliament , as a European institution , also to find an adequate response to this challenge .
In both the unions and the employers ' organisations women in leadership roles are in a tiny minority .
Mr President , I speak in my capacity as draftsman of the opinion on the European Climate Change Programme .
So it is that I find it all the more regrettable that the current American administration behaves as it does , making use of every tactical evasive trick in an attempt to forestall definite commitments with the ultimate aim of causing its own economic interests to prevail .
Kyoto was at least able to formulate an objective .
Let me turn now , though , to Mrs Hulthén 's report on climate change , which is excellent and for which I thank her .
This time , though , there was a real decision on sustainability and on the fisheries sector , which has undergone such a severe battering .
We would , in various areas , have preferred results that went further .
I would , however , like to express my gratitude for the clear position that the European Union has taken up on these issues .
Thank you very much !
Turning to Iraq , we very much support the American President 's efforts to involve the United Nations in this issue , and we call on all Member States of the European Union to take up a common position as Europeans together .
The European Union is also on the right track in other areas , for example in the Barcelona process .
All this shows that national posturing and egoism have prevented us from making really decisive progress in matters of war and peace .
The Heads of State or Government of the time set themselves ambitious objectives , and the early months made it possible to assume that these objectives would be achieved relatively speedily and within the time limits envisaged .
Stopping the supply of weapons and the granting of licences is well known to be among the most effective methods of preventing conflict , and this is , incidentally , true also of the Middle East .
Only in this way can the right to sovereignty and internal self-determination be realised .
I very much regret the fact that Romania , an accession country , has concluded an agreement without first awaiting the European Union 's position .
I oppose this generalised anti-Americanism in the strongest possible terms .
We call on our American partners and friends to work together with Europe to strengthen international law