.
It smacks of political manoeuvring .
We must acknowledge that the Honduran Government has in fact tried to make improvements , not least as a result of its agreement with the Commission .
It is sad to have to admit that fundamental rights , such as the dissemination and receipt of information , which , in our countries , are taken for granted as essential if a society is to be able to define itself as free and civil , are still being denied in a state that lies on the borders of the European Union , with which we have close economic links and which is an actual member of the Council of Europe .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the tragic events and intensified fighting in eastern Zaire , the stage of continuing , violent encounters between rebels and soldiers , show no sign of easing .
The whole international community must take coordinated , coherent action , involving everyone who has a particular interest in the Great Lakes region and wishes to set a peace process in motion .
The trials are likely to start soon , and yet there is a shortage both of judges and of legally trained staff who are able to work with and apply the new penal law that was passed on 30 August 1996 by the transitional National Assembly , which introduces various principles that should , we hope , guarantee first of all respect of human rights and justice .
I call on my fellow Members to make a serious commitment to solving this crisis , including by promoting an international conference in the Great Lakes region - a conference involving all the countries concerned .
Which is why our Group has tabled an amendment that I ask Members to examine and , if possible , vote on as a matter of urgency .
Although it is true that hundreds of thousands of refugees have been able to return to Rwanda - and it goes without saying that we are going to help them , that we are going to be there and indeed have been there for two years - I must point out to you that there are also , lost in the Kivu , several hundred thousand more refugees whom we cannot help .
In this connection , I should point out that there is in fact a reverse trend , a trend towards minimizing the figures for the sake of a clear conscience when the numbers add up .
I worry about the fact that no one is really talking seriously but , as I have just learned , there is to be another meeting , tomorrow , Friday , of 14 countries which are supposed to be participating in a multinational force , 14 countries which are spending their time wondering about exactly how they should participate and have still made no move .
Honourable Members can rest assured : it was n't us that created the crisis because the crisis was already there .
What ingratitude to the NGOs which , for all their faults , have at least been sincere enough to be there whereas others - who would no doubt have done better - unfortunately were not there , and as I understand it still are n't .
This is why , on behalf of the Green Group , I say there is a need for a non-discrimination clause , on the ground of disability , and for this clause to be included in the revision of the Treaty on European Union , so that it can become a legal base for social programmes and measures to combat discrimination .
For these reasons , the Green Group opposes the Fisheries Committee 's proposal and proposes that the Kofoed report be rejected .
However , the Banotti report does have the virtue of drawing attention to the way in which we should approach their integration , drawing up a series of principles and proposing measures that may help to remedy this intolerable situation .
I pay tribute to the rapporteur for her excellent work .
The European Commission 's proposals are very negative and threaten , once again , to favour only the interests of the major multinationals that control the European market for 'dollar-zone ' bananas and often practise 'dumping ' policies .
The attempt to increase out of all proportion the import quotas for third-country bananas , thus depressing the market and making production in the Community and ACP States definitively uneconomic , is unacceptable .
Mr President , for the past half an hour I have been asking to speak on the Rules of Procedure , but you have repeatedly given the floor to Mrs Green , who has taken up half an hour by talking about her own affairs .
Mr President , I do not wish to speak on the discussion .
Mr President , the Irish presidency has other merits , which I shall not list here because time is short .
I hope that the Dutch presidency will regard it as a valuable contribution in bringing to a successful conclusion the work started under the Irish presidency .
That action , however , made reference to tourism after the year 2000 , so the new child has died in the cradle !
Moreover , this form of tourism stimulates other sectors : transport , trade and agriculture .
Furthermore , the Member States are expected to comply with the directive within three years of its entry into force , while the Commission is called upon to draw up a report on the implementation of the directive within four years of its entry into force .
It is therefore becoming crucial that we encourage regulatory measures which protect citizens as the consumers of banking services , whether we are talking about small or big business or just savers