men and women engaged in an activity in a self-employed capacity , which will be the subject of a report .
I agree that fathers should have a role , but it should not become a poisoned chalice and , if we want the presence of both the father and the mother to benefit them and their baby , we need to preserve the notion of choice .
You are potentially relocating the problem to China or to other countries , which will be able to accept these products .
It was therefore essential to put the issue of human health back at the heart of the discussions .
The European Parliament has shown its commitment to this amendment by including in the compromise the key elements of Amendment 46 : defence of freedoms , right to a judgment and recourse to a court - the expression most in line with that of judicial authority - and has introduced two additional provisions for Internet users : the confirmation of the Internet 's vital role in the exercise of fundamental rights and freedoms , with specific reference made to the European Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms .
This is very important .
The rules therefore provide that any measures taken regarding access to , or use of , services and applications must respect the fundamental rights and freedoms of natural persons , including the right to privacy , freedom of expression and access to information and education as well as due process .
With regard to the doubts expressed by my fellow Members about the rapporteur 's willingness to defend the right to a court judgment before cutting off access , I must say that the expression 'independent and impartial court ' is an expression that guarantees Internet users the right to such a judgment .
The report by Mrs Panayotopoulos-Cassiotou recommends rejecting the Commission 's proposal for amending a directive of the European Parliament and of the Council on the organisation of the working time of persons performing mobile road transport activities .
It is essential for European research not to suffer because of it ; rather , it should be developed .
All Europeans of heart and conviction must be prepared to get involved .
We have to speak clearly and with conviction to the electorate about this Europe of results .
Inevitably , the main focus of the European Council will again be the economic crisis .
We will discuss the Employment Summit in more detail later .
It is also unfortunate that we do not yet know if and when the Treaty of Lisbon will come into force , and we clearly need to bring it into force without further hesitation .
Can we be content with flexicurity , and with minimum standards in relation to labour law ?
The inevitably unfair competition that will result from this risks penalising entire regions , which have specialised in the production of a quality rosé , tailored to a growing demand .
It reveals the contradictions that exist between the WTO principles and those needed to organise a sector in order to promote investment , quality and know-how .
It is so much easier to produce rosé wine on demand by using stocks of red and white wines .
Here we have a rosé wine .
You wish to take a decision on 19 June , but there is no rush .
You turn a deaf ear to all our arguments : this is absolutely incomprehensible .
What we need is a pure and simple ban on all blending and mixing in Europe , and in France in particular .
You offer no answers whatsoever to all those who tell you that labelling will not suffice , since it will have no effect on bottles of wine referred to as 'rosé by blending ' .
We will therefore ask the petitioners to specify who is , as it were , their leader ; otherwise , we will decide to use the first name on the first page .
We do not see why this committee should have more rights than the other committees .
We simply opted to strengthen coordination in this scenario .
A Keynesian recovery is needed to respond to a cyclical downturn , but this crisis is structural .
The inclusion of this information will give a much-needed competitive advantage to our economies , which are under too great a threat of unfair global competition .
We welcome this .
It is often said that Europe is removed from its citizens , but are issues such as toy safety , research into the prevention of rare diseases or of Alzheimer 's disease , consumer protection , environmental protection measures and the fight against global warming , energy policy or the defence of human rights around the world really removed from citizens ' daily lives ?
Of course , our political choices are manifestly different and are sometimes at odds with one another .
If the vote is not reversed , the list stays the same .
I support the initiative by the Socialist Group President , Mr Schulz , who sought to use this revision to prevent the French leader of an extreme-right party from having the honour of chairing the inaugural session of the new parliament .
When will recalcitrant Members be eliminated ?
From Claude Autant-Lara to Jean-Marie Le Pen , we have come full circle .
Personally , I have more confidence in the French electorate .
The exceptional circumstances require us to take fast , appropriate action .
School menus are drawn up to meet Islamic dietary requirements .
It is not a renewal of the social agenda that is needed , but a thorough change of your perverse system .
Last Monday , Commissioner Ferrero-Waldner received a letter from Mrs Pillay , the United Nations ' High Commissioner for Human Rights , which was also sent to all of the Union 's foreign ministers