The IGC must amend the Treaty so that it includes the fundamental right of equality between the sexes , but yet more is needed .
I would like to make some remarks to emphasize that social equality is not the same as egalitarianism , and that , in some cases , confusing the two concepts can lead to positions which fail to understand those positive derogations and discriminations which the fight against inequality in society calls for but which egalitarianism cannot accept .
This Directive , although it is more demanding on the civil construction sector , discriminates in some way against other sectors of employment .
We hope that the Commission will accept the invitation by the Rapporteur to present a report within five years following this Directive 's entry into effect .
I must compliment him on this initiative .
By applying this principle and defining practical limits this might have been brought about in each Member State in accordance with the respective situations and industrial relations prevailing there .
On the other hand , in countries like Portugal the average working hours are still a long way off the limits referred to in this report .
Madam President , this problem has been going on for more than ten years now .
Secondly , because it mends a loophole in our rule classifying in Appendix II toxic substances or hazardous substances which were not classified as such ; we need tomorrow 's vote to be an overwhelming one so that the Council of Ministers will not be able to introduce into this legislation 'subtleties ' which could lead to future complications and a continuation of this scandalous 'tourism ' of toxic waste .
Therefore , let us try and duly carry out that defence , and this should be done in part through the Council Regulation proposed to us , essentially aimed at controlling the trade in wild fauna and flora species ; but we should not overlook the fact that this marketing is very often fraudulent , even within the European area , and that smuggling of species of flora and fauna has actually got worse since the practice of free movement , which led to the dismantling of those customs services which used to exercise controls - not always efficiently , it is true - over the import and export of live plants and animals .
Mr President , in that case , I ask for this report to be referred back to committee .
A solution of this type might be good for a European country with an advanced economic and social structure but not relevant for countries like Portugal where wage levels are far lower and the rate of unemployment has not yet reached such alarming levels .
It would also show the Council and the Commission - especially the Council , after what we heard today - that the European Parliament is always aware of the need for the Treaty with Turkey to be observed in full - I insist on the words 'in full ' - in particular in terms of the various aspects such as political obligations that must be observed as well as the economic side of things .
No-one and no country can now believe that it is immune from the effects of all of this .
Europe , such as it is , constituted from the point of view of controlling transit , controlling merchandise , offers no confidence .
Will they actually cooperate ?
However , when will Member States be forced to take responsibility for those areas which , together with the Commission and the Council of Ministers , they should take responsibility for , concerning what happens on their territory ?
This is action which has to be permanent : nobody should think that everything has been done and just rest on their laurels .
But where it comes to this simplification there is still a lot to be done .
We cannot commit the mistake , as someone has already said , of transmitting the message that the elections were completely free .
Without IFOR , democratic institutions will not be able to operate securely .
If they are let off scot-free the international community will only be rubber-stamping the crimes that they committed and the international community will lose face .
If these democratic institutions can operate I think that , as a representative of an opposition party said , it might be possible to begin to build the house starting with the roof .
Nor is it important whether public service broadcasting is carried out over one or more channels or stations or through private operators , on payment for services offered or whether it is exclusively funded by the State or whether there are commercials .
We feel that the most important thing is to achieve the main objective : to defend the existence of public broadcasting service( s ) !
These activities are mainly aimed at members of the Turkish Cypriot community , and are carried out both on and off the island .
We share the opinion of the Members of the European Parliament that the only solution to Burundi 's problems lies in its own people .
Therefore , the European Union unequivocally supports the process and the guidelines which have been worked out by the regional African Heads of State and it should be done through its own statements or through the noteworthy action taken by the special envoy , Mr Aldo Ajello , the European Union 's special envoy to the Great Lakes .
I think though that , at the General Assembly of the United Nations and the meetings which are going to take place next week , I think , in New York , this is one of the points on the agenda for the contacts , whether with the UN SecretaryGeneral or our other partners , mostly Americans , and also obviously