In another positive development , I also welcome the adoption of the Constitution of Montenegro only a few days after the SAA was signed .
The Commission 's regular progress report , adopted on 6 November , highlights these positive developments .
Our progress report also points out certain key challenges that Montenegro will face in the coming years .
Money laundering and organised crime remain areas of concern .
These are also highlighted , rightly so , in your report .
The Government also adopted a judicial reform strategy for the period 2007-2012 .
It has good relations with its neighbours .
Focus should now be on full implementation of the interim agreement on preparations for the whole SAA as well as on the recommendations of the European partnership .
We are very much looking forward to working even more closely with the Government of Montenegro , the Parliament , other institutions and the civil society of the country on its European reform agenda .
I am pleased to inform you that the new Commission delegation has been operational since 1 November and is preparing to take over the work carried on by the European Agency for Reconstruction , in due course as planned .
These funds will assist Montenegro in such areas as the rule of law , the strengthening of administrative capacity and implementation of the SAA .
Member of the Commission . - Mr President , I wish to begin by thanking the Members for a very substantial and substantive debate and Mr Vernola for stimulating this debate .
That is precisely why the Commission insists very much on judiciary reform early on in the pre-accession process in Montenegro , as well as in the other countries of the Western Balkans .
The Commission is assisting this ancient kingdom to become the ecological republic in the garden of nations , as Mr Paleckis said , by strengthening the administrative capacity of Montenegro , which in turn makes the country better able to approximate its laws to ours , for instance in the field of waste management and water treatment .
However , this is also related to corruption and I want to quote from the progress report of the Commission .
Management of public assets raises serious concerns .
Let me also inform the honourable Members that the Commission intends to adopt a communication early next year - probably in March - in which we will take stock of developments since Thessaloniki , and Salzburg last year , and give pointers towards the future .
But , I want to underline that this is not , as such , within the competences of the Commission but in the hands of the national governments of the European Union , and the ministries and ministers of the interior are the key players here .
I know this is very important - it is part of true political integration - and this is helping to develop institutions in Montenegro in a most welcome way .
I trust that we can work together towards reinforcing the democratic institutions and administrative capacity of Montenegro .
( Applause ) rapporteur . - Mr President , I would like to start by emphasising what my report , which is being debated today , is essentially about .
We must be proactive in rising to the challenge and I believe that a fully-functioning single market is the first priority in achieving this .
The fact that some such obstacles still remain is regrettable , as a Europe-wide home market is a stepping stone to growth for European businesses and a precondition for creating more European world leaders .
Within a single Member State a company can usually offset losses incurred by its branches and subsidiaries in the taxation of the parent company .
However , in the case of branches and subsidiaries in other Member States , the national legislation varies considerably .
This discrepancy has grave consequences for the proper functioning of the internal market .
The existence of differing Member State legislation obviously also increases compliance costs , ill afforded by SMEs and conducive to tax engineering with larger companies .
The report promotes a remedy to this by promoting the possibility to offset losses in the same tax year , which would transfer the unreasonable time burden away from the company and to the public sector .
This does not imply harmonising tax rates , rather that tax competition is a healthy feature of the European economy .
However , it does mean legislating to facilitate cross-border business , to establish a level playing field where investments are based on undistorted economic benefits .
I would like to see Parliament support this urgently needed legislation , and I am grateful for the messages of support we have received during the process .
However , the CCTB is a long-term project , the realisation of which lies far in the future .
My group has suggested abstaining with regard to Amendments 7 and 8.
But they are now there after serious discussion , and I still believe that we can have all the practical things , like anti-abusive measures , that we can improve the Parent-Subsidiary Directive and that we can improve the workings of the Transfer Pricing Forum , and such initiatives are very much needed .
But , in the end , we need a very large solution and CCCTB.
I hope that it will be done during this European Parliament term , before the 2009 elections .
He has worked hard and highlighted the flaws and problems associated with remote sensing .
This information can then be used , for example , in research , the planning of agricultural marketing , and the administration of the common agricultural policy .
For example , in my country , Finland , snow-covered parcels of land are often so small that determining surface