I would also like to mention - particularly because it took place for the first time - the summit with Morocco .
The service , as it is designed , will articulate well with the work of the Parliament , Council and Commission on external relations .
During the last six months , when Europe has been confronted with unprecedented challenges , Spain has shown once again its seriousness and its European commitment in holding the Council rotating Presidency .
The questions were essentially directed at the Prime Minister of Spain , but I would just like to take this opportunity to reflect on a point of concern expressed by various honourable Members .
We would like our system , which is a very complex system and continues to be complex with the Treaty of Lisbon , to function more efficiently .
However , this does not mean Europe in the sense of centralised powers , but in the sense of increased value , of what we can jointly attain : Member States/European institutions .
I am sure that Belgium , once it assumes the rotating Presidency of the Council , will continue to take the same approach , or even step up this approach , knowing , as we do , Belgium 's great European tradition .
This Commission is less than five months old .
There are now new actors such as the President of the Council and the High Representative for Foreign Affairs .
Given this , I would like to highlight the Spanish Presidency 's cooperation in preparing and discussing my report on bio-wastes , which it unconditionally supported and which was adopted by an overwhelming majority this week in this Chamber .
The list of the greatest powers is becoming increasingly limited to Germany and , at best , France .
We are talking about almost 90 million financial messages per month , a figure that equates to more than one billion financial messages per year .
This is the substance of the agreement ; the substance of the agreement does not change , and everybody in this House knows that very well .
The many beautiful words in the agreement do not have any kind of basis in practice , and well we know it .
We know that this is wrong ; we know that it is both illegal and unconstitutional .
In fact , the original document was presented by the Council on 5 February of this year , five months ago , and the assent procedure has already been concluded in the European Parliament .
In the interests of greater procedural uniformity within the EU and the promotion of cultural activity which encourages innovation and education among members of the public , I support the Council 's initiative to create conditions for the Member States which have not yet acceded to the Paris Convention to do so while respecting the exclusive powers of the EU , as enshrined in the Treaty of Lisbon .
I voted in favour of the proposal to conclude the Protocol on Integrated Coastal Zone Management in the Mediterranean ( ICZM ) .
The Protocol on Integrated Coastal Zone Management ( ICZM Protocol ) aims to reverse the trend of the deterioration of environmental conditions recorded in the Mediterranean over the last decades , which has merited denunciation by environmentalists and men of culture , such as the Spanish writer Arturo Pérez-Reverte .
The Protocol on Integrated Coastal Zone Management in the Mediterranean ( ICZM ) presents the objectives and general principles of integrated coastal zone management , such as the sustainable use of natural resources and the preservation of coastal ecosystems .
Economic activity in the region , such as construction , tourism , fisheries , aquaculture and marine activity , should be rethought , reassessed and subjected to a more extensive study in order not to jeopardise the region 's sustainability , which is vital for future generations .
As Iceland and Norway are associated with Schengen , it is important that the EU supports their efforts to prevent and combat terrorism and all forms of cross-border crime , while also guaranteeing integral respect for fundamental rights , namely those relating to the protection of personal data and respect for the principles of proportionality and necessity .
In view of this , I believe that we should welcome the European Union 's agreement with Iceland and Norway - neighbours who share our values , particularly the same commitment to democracy and the rule of law , and the rejection of blind , extremist violence against defenceless citizens .
This agreement between the EU , Iceland and Norway comes under this approach , as it will allow greater cooperation in combating terrorism and cross-border crime .
I am in favour of this proposal , which seeks to bring together the Swiss Confederation and the Principality of Liechtenstein with Frontex .
The participation of the Swiss Confederation and the Principality of Liechtenstein in Frontex increases the means it has at its disposal and its responsiveness to the phenomenon of illegal immigration which is affecting countries on the fringes of the European Union that are suffering from similar problems to those within the EU relating to combating illegal immigration .
I welcome the conclusion of this agreement , thanks to which these two countries will be able to contribute to closer cooperation in matters relating to the control and monitoring of external borders .
Following a decision by the Chief Official Ethics Commission of the Republic of Lithuania , Parliament needs to defend the parliamentary immunity of its Member , Mr Tomaševski , who has seen the independence of his mandate undermined by this decision .
Good quality , reliability and accuracy of statistics are essential in times of crisis , such as those that we are currently experiencing , if situations like