Today we are beginning the debate on the broad guidelines for the 2011 budget , and the suggested priority is youth .
How are we to implement it ?
The most pertinent issue in 2011 will still be the unemployment that is rampant in the EU.
This is a consequence of the financial and economic crisis which they facilitated by deregulating financial and trade markets , and pushing through free trade agreements with third countries , without heeding the interests of workers or the public .
Without the creation of new jobs with rights , there can be no way out of this crisis .
This report is based on Council Directive 72/462/EEC of 12 December 1972 , which led the Council to approve a list of third countries from which the Member States shall authorise the importation of bovine animals , swine and fresh meat .
It is therefore essential that a list be drawn up of the third countries that meet the animal health , public health and veterinary certification criteria allowing them to export live animals ( bovine , ovine and caprine animals , and swine ) and their fresh meat to EU countries .
Similarly to Lithuania 's construction sector , which we have analysed before , that country 's furniture industry has also felt the effects of globalisation , as it is now exposed to the products of vicious competitors , whose production is on another level .
With every new request for action , it becomes clearer that what are needed more than palliative measures - which are certainly necessary - are urgent measures to protect the productive sectors and jobs : specifically , those that are most vulnerable to the crisis and those that are involved in exploiting each country 's development potential , promoting public projects , and supporting micro , small and medium-sized enterprises and the cooperative sector ...
The Lithuanian clothing manufacturing industry is joining the country 's construction and furniture manufacturing industries in losing out from globalisation , with a significant number of workers having been made redundant .
Measures are also required to combat companies moving offshore , beginning with making public subsidies - particularly Community subsidies - conditional on meeting obligations such as the protection of jobs and local development , measures that impose a clear break with the neoliberal policies which are causing an economic and social disaster in the countries of the European Union before our very eyes .
The financial , economic and social crisis has caused the Member States of the European Union great difficulties , reflected by the serious situation of their public finances .
The EU needs to improve in several areas , particularly regarding monetary policy , improved coordination and cooperation on economic policy , and the monitoring of Member States ' public finances .
It is also well known that he has failed in the functions of supervision of the banking system that had been assigned to him .
That is why we voted against this report , since the answers that it gives reaffirm the same old ECB line .
At the time , I repeatedly and publicly criticised the way Dr Constâncio carried out his supervisory duties whilst in charge of the Bank of Portugal .
The Court of Auditors is an institution that inspects the European Union 's receipts and expenses to verify their legality , as well as verifying good financial management .
At a time of serious social crisis , with increased poverty and unemployment resulting from the crisis of capitalism , this 65th Session of the United Nations General Assembly becomes even more important .
If appropriate measures are not taken , we could have nearly 1.5 billion workers in poverty because of unemployment or insecure and badly paid jobs .
Education is the key to the integration process .
This is because it is often these people who are responsible for access to housing , health care , education , culture and an improved quality of life .
The EU has been supporting the Member States in their efforts to implement effective policies .
Their traditional nomadic lifestyle , the activities in which they worked , and the high rate of endogamy and exclusion to which they were committed have all contributed to the labelling of these communities as undesirable , dangerous and antisocial .
However , Parliament has asked the Commission to draw up new proposals on the social inclusion of the Roma .
Decisive steps must be taken to bring an end to discrimination .
The opinion of Parliament 's Legal Service is very clear .
Investing in young people is investing in the future .
I would also point out the importance of some already existing programmes that are contributing to this objective , such as the European Institute of Innovation and Technology .
I would reiterate the need , within the framework of reforming the common agricultural policy , to step up funding for the CAP ; this is a priority that must also be taken up by the Commission .
This will oblige even the qualified to flit between insecure jobs , alternating them with the inevitable unemployment .
In order for this new plan to be a success , it is necessary that the various budgets that will be approved prioritise several areas that are fundamental to the success of the 2020 strategy .
It is crucial that policy makers are aware of recent scientific developments , as these will allow them to make the best decisions .
Additionally , rigour and transparency must be ensured in managing the funds made available to the various institutions .
The circumstances under which the 2011 budget is being adopted are exceptional and constitute a challenge at the same time .
I would stress the importance of making Parliament 's legislative excellence a priority and providing this House with the means necessary to successfully carry out its legislative role .
Quality