a ' Basic Treaty ' or a 'federation ' , we should design a system in which there is democratic control over political decisions .
That is the message of the Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party .
We want to see political accountability in Europe .
We are "fit for the future " , but our group is also "fit to fight for the new Europe " , as well as being "fit to fight for the future together with yourself " .
Mr President , your speech today shows the value of the open election campaign .
Consolidation of the laws could of course take place through our refusing to debate , or directly rejecting , proposals that are not consolidated .
A reform in the interests of transparency should ensure that all meetings are open and all documents accessible , unless a qualified majority approves an exemption supported by reasons , of the kind we approved in the Martin/Bourlanges report .
In future , everyone should be appointed and promoted according to their qualifications , here in Parliament too , and we could make a fresh start with those who are now to be appointed from the candidate countries .
A third of the time could be set aside for spontaneous debate , as you intimated .
All MEPs must be permitted to speak at least three times a year .
The number of votes must be cut back so that we are only voting on political differences .
After each debate , the coordinators should meet and make the technical preparations for the voting .
The way in which posts are distributed should be revised .
It would provide the same proportionate distribution , but it would make it possible for the smaller groups not always to have to take what the large groups leave aside and , in cases where the small groups are not represented , they could be appointed as observers .
The Corbett report ' s attack on the small political groups should be replaced by a gentlemen' s agreement through which we achieve some of Mr Corbett 's objectives without reducing the groups ' rights .
There cannot be special rights for specific positions .
We must join in getting the whole of Parliament and the Convention to operate in such a way that all Members representing all positions feel they are being treated properly and on an equal basis .
Good luck with the reform work !
Mr President , since the terrorist attacks on New York and Washington on 11 September of last year , we in the European Parliament have debated the threats to our freedom , democracy and values in a more realistic light than before .
Just a few months further on , however , there are circles that are busy relativising the threats by distancing Europe from the United States .
We must , however , face the fact that until the divisions that divide the world economically , religiously and ideologically have been removed , it is impossible for us to bring about the area of peace , security and justice we want to see .
In actual fact , I agree with Baroness Ludford that legal certainty is not , in all Member States , at a level that can justify such far-reaching surrender procedures as are at issue here .
Mr President , Mrs Ferreira had good things to say about solidarity and people ' s demands that solidarity be shown with Third World countries .
Even though we have cut back , we shall of course still be among the largest providers of aid , but it is , at any event , totally the wrong signal that we in Denmark , and the Danish Government , are sending at the moment .
The first is the demand for development aid .
I think it absolutely crucial that we set practical objectives for when the individual EU countries are to have reached a figure of 0.7 % .
As far as I remember , we have been hearing about this 0.7 % since 1974 , and the vast majority of countries are still a very long way from achieving that goal .
These are what are needed .
The third thing I should like to emphasise is that we must look at what we can do in the public sector with a view to promoting private investment , and I believe that , in this area , we can bring about more fruitful cooperation than we have done so far .
However , there are of course countries not mentioned here , and I would call for these not to be forgotten at this meeting .
I would urge that the prisoners in Camp X-Ray , who are being held there in defiance of the Geneva Convention , should not be forgotten .
I would also again call for the United States and China to be remembered when the death penalty is discussed and for its not to be overlooked that the United States has still not approved the International Criminal Court by ratifying the Statute of Rome .
I would also say to the Commission that I very much approve of these agreements which we draw up in relation to third countries and which have human rights clauses attached .
I just do not understand why observance of the agreements is not rather more strictly enforced , and I am thinking particularly in this context of Israel which has an agreement with the EU that is quite clearly not observed .
A good report has been drawn up , providing a sound basis partly for continued dialogue with the national parliaments but also for an influential role for the committee in cooperating with the Convention .
I therefore very much hope that this can continue .
