We have just had the opportunity to listen to the Serbian Minister for Foreign Affairs in the Committee on Foreign Affairs .
He gave a hard-as-nails reaction to events , making an attack on Europe , particularly the countries that have now recognised Kosovo .
Mr President , President-in-Office of the Council , Commissioner , every country created by breaking away from an existing country damages the territorial integrity of the original country and unilaterally alters the international legal order .
With regard to Serbia and all the other Western Balkan countries , we must attend to visa facilitation as a matter of urgency , so that relations between the citizens of those countries and the citizens of our countries can be normalised .
Would approval by the Security Council have been better ?
This will last a few more months and then it will be over and done with .
To achieve this it is sometimes necessary to surpass oneself .
Serbian and Albanian mafia organisations are cooperating excellently , and have been doing so for years . '
It is too early to ascertain how long the current policy should be continued .
Warlords who acquire respect , power and wealth by their innate love of conflict increase the already existing problems and make them even more difficult to solve .
It explains and gives legitimacy to Israel 's response to the increasing number of missiles raining down on it from the Gaza Strip .
And it should be said that Israel follows strict legal standards in its military procedures .
The US should act as a loyal and reliable ally and respect EU law .
Information on clients , users and their habits and preferences gives companies an invaluable competitive edge .
So European , but above all international , standards are urgently needed for this sector .
Regarding the enhanced role of Parliament , I very much hope we shall make full use of this .
I initially wanted to support the proposal for a European Institute of Technology , as it fills the existing gap between higher education , research and innovation , which is important as regards the economy and the internal market .
Finally , the fact that climate change as the focus of the first KICs has been explicitly removed from the proposal means that I no longer wish to support the report . on behalf of the PSE Group . - Madam President , let me first make two preliminary remarks .
The Commission has the right of initiative , they can put proposals on the table , and we would have been able to act swiftly and consistently if we had had a concrete proposal .
The proposed EU policy on Iraq , however , raises some serious questions .
The millions of displaced Iraqis deserve our full attention and support .
It is good that this knowledge is being rolled out as it provides a bridge to the market .
Even where that candidate does have a true majority , doubts remain about the size of that majority , certainly where manifest attempts have been made to inflate it artificially .
The events since the 19 February elections come as no surprise .
What should Europe do ? 1 .
Offer more help than was promised in 2007 for reform of the judiciary in Afghanistan ; 2.
Such an agreement requires flexibility on the part of Parliament and certainly on the part of the Council .
Finally , freedom of expression is a good thing .
On the other hand , Hezbollah 's continuing position of military power is guaranteeing the continuing influence in domestic affairs of its two great sponsors , Syria and the Islamic Republic of Iran .
Slovenia is now a member , Croatia will follow within the next few years , and the third former Yugoslav republic concerned is Macedonia , which has been awaiting the opening of accession negotiations since back in 2005 .
The desire for everyone to be able to use the Albanian language everywhere must be taken seriously .
Therefore , section 37 is central to this debate .
I also concur with Mr Swoboda 's words about the dates by which all of this , particularly the conclusion of negotiations , can take place .
Apart from Mr Stoyanov , who is probably harking back to Macedonia 's original association with Bulgaria under the Treaty of San Stefano in 1878 , everyone , Greece included , wants to see Macedonia take its place as an equal in the European Union .
Croatia wanted to join the EU at the start of 2009 , but it will be 2010 or 2011 .
Where additional staff are needed , redeployment is attempted .
A statute for employees must be brought in , preferably by the end of this year , and it is incredible that there are attempts to oppose this , to oppose the social spirit , the spirit of solidarity , of the European Union , from the ranks of the Group of the European People 's Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats .
The European Union has , in my opinion , an historical responsibility in this area .
( Parliament adopted the motion .
Historical criteria are sometimes applied to one situation and not to another .
But we have to make sure that history is not misused .
And the proposed legislation - I am glad that the Commissioner has just given it his blessing - certainly must not add to the red tape .
Eurobarometer surveys show that 81 % of Europeans back the use of an organ donor card , but only 12 % of them actually carry one .
A second element : many billions of euros are invested in trans-European networks .
The Court of Auditors approved 44 % of the Commission 's expenditure .
Furthermore , this is included in the financial