It supplies a democratic framework enabling the European Union to take more effective action where action is necessary , account having been taken of the principle of subsidiarity .
I entirely agree with what the Vice-President of the Commission said on the subject of communication , explanation and the efforts that must be made in order to make Europe better understood .
I do believe that we must pay tribute to the Commission for not having despaired but for having reopened a necessary and useful debate .
I know my colleague Mr De Rossa had a genuine supplementary on the previous question and was refused the floor !     I fully accept what the Commissioner says about the changing circumstances .
What a joy and a pleasure , however , to see the countries of Eastern and Central Europe take their place in the EU , in view of the fateful decree that sought to drive a wedge between us for ever .
If our will and our ambition are perfect , the implementation of the new Treaty , which may be imperfect in theory , will probably be perfectly successful in practice .
A further crucial milestone in the region will be a review in mid-2005 of the implementation of the standards policy in Kosovo .
We shall do this at the two Summits with President Bush – the first in February , at the US President’s request , and the second in June .
We must ensure that a European security culture is developed .
We wanted – and we still want – to make the EU the most competitive and most dynamic knowledge-based economy in the world , capable of sustained economic growth , with more and better jobs and greater social cohesion , and one that respects the environment and natural resources .
No, the competitiveness that we must seek should provide us with stronger and more sustainable growth and should be aimed at greater social cohesion and a more harmoniously-balanced environment .
It must be subject to a broad review every two years , or preferably every three years .
Economic and Monetary Union needs stability .
It is a debate that will be interesting and informative for those who , I must say , view Luxembourg in a somewhat superficial manner .
We must spare Europe a long , drawn-out debate lasting 18 months or even more .
The first of these is cohesion .
One Member State on its own , even the most powerful , cannot guarantee the best possible security if it does not form part of a joint , European-level effort .
At the end of 2003 , the Commission initiated a reflection process on the experience that has been gained , in order to identify possible changes and improvements that might help us to implement the Pact more efficiently .
The European Socialists have high hopes for this Luxembourg Presidency , primarily from the point of view of relaunching the Lisbon Strategy and of turning it into a genuine instrument of progress , particularly at the level of the 25 .
If you are actually setting up a working group with Mr Barroso to look at the Lisbon process , I shall be very interested in taking part , in order to try and have everybody singing from the same hymn-sheet .
I therefore ask Europe to take steps to revise the Dayton agreement , which might have been a necessary measure in its time , but which is unacceptable in view of the Constitution now in force in Bosnia and Herzegovina .
I very much welcome the fact that this presidency aims to harmonise social , environmental and economic policies , as this is good news for Europe .     Mr President , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , Mr President of the Commission , you recently stated , Mr  Juncker , and indeed you repeated just now , that competitiveness will be neither the Holy Grail nor the be all and end all as far as you are concerned , in particular with regard to the mid-term review of the Lisbon strategy .
We would particularly like to see a clear commitment on your part in relation to other Council members regarding a review of the Directive on Working Time and a removal of the opt-out clause , and , finally , regarding a proposed review of the Directive on European Works Councils .     Mr President , on 1 January , Luxembourg began its eleventh EU presidency .
It has become a habit of Mr Cohn-Bendit’s to refer indiscriminately to authors from both sides of the Rhine , and today he quoted Victor Hugo .
Mr Goebbels , no less , offered the support of his parliamentary group , the Socialists .
The European Union represents everything I support because I support peace .
For its part , the Commission will focus renewed attention on violations of Community law and on the way in which infringements are dealt with .
The Council meeting provided us with an opportunity to review both the many initiatives taken by the Commission and the Member States and the much-needed coordination of EU aid .
Further measures include trade support and bilateral partnerships , such as the twinning of towns and hospitals , and , finally , the rescheduling of debt servicing for affected countries wishing to embark on such rescheduling .
I should like to suggest to other Members that the money they receive for this sitting should be donated to help the victims of the disaster .     .
For the first time , this Treaty includes a separate chapter on cooperation with third countries and on humanitarian aid .
It emphasises objectives pertaining to this policy , namely the eradication of poverty , the promotion of health and the fight against infectious diseases .
At the same time , it fosters Community solidarity and helps ensure genuine cohesion within the EU.
Such a draft would be