, but to achieve a lasting solution .
Secondly , however you look at it , the proposal the Commission has put before us is regressive , regardless of which alternative is eventually chosen .
The Commission has put forward three proposals which , if you look at them carefully , are really four , like the musketeers , and none of them is brilliant .
We are on the threshold of the ambitious project to enlarge the European Union .
Why not talk about trade ?
They are merely national contributions by another name .
That is what the Community budget costs , ECU 240 per citizen .
At the very least , I should like to stress that the Commission is as little inclined to move forward as the Member States themselves .
If we cannot make progress and have to restrict the debate to an analysis of these proposals , I suggest that the majority of the proposals made do not even constitute a good discussion document , but are in fact regressive .
Hundreds of human beings have died this tragic death .
I am referring , of course , to police cooperation , and dialogue with third countries to enable us to make a joint attempt to fight against trafficking in human beings , and to fight together against everything with contributes to this disaster .
Nevertheless , in order to resolve this problem we must speed up the creation of a common judicial and police area , and of a coherent and homogeneous policy on immigration and asylum in the Union .
The solution lies in control and collaboration , and if the administrations do not collaborate , the situation will not be resolved .
I believe the time has come for the European authorities to take swift and effective action to resolve this problem .
Let us hope that this will be the case , and that history does not find us wanting yet again , for failing to live up to our responsibilities .
Promises of financial aid alone are not enough .
After all , we are decent human beings .
Ladies and gentlemen , this problem will not be resolved through a debate on whether the Union 's borders should be open or closed , or through repressive or police action .
The Commission itself has gained first-hand experience of the work under way during its visits to the town of Melilla , and also to Ceuta .
In this case , the President-in-Office of the Council has not responded like Pilate .
In other words , had the Council foreseen this tendency towards reduction ?
Thank you very much for your reply , Madam President-in-Office .
I have the impression , Madam President-in-Office , that in view of the present situation in the United States , President Clinton will not be able to count on the majority required to ensure the amendment of Title IV of the Act .
It states that the European Union has undertaken not to award loans , subsidies , grants , tax advantages , guarantees or political risk insurance , or to give any kind of favourable treatment to European businessmen wishing to invest in Cuba .
In other words , Parliament should have access - especially in view of the next stage in which this Parliament will have greater legislative power - to the Commission 's background documents on the basis of which it drafts its proposals , so that we perhaps might be able to avoid some inappropriate interpretations or interventions .
In short , we cannot imagine humankind being able to put up with more damage than cathedrals and forests .
What is more , we believe that we are moving in the right direction since the action programmes are actually meeting this need of the population and the citizens .
Madam President , I think that all of the speakers support Mr Viceconte 's report on the programme of action on rare diseases .
Secondly , a central database is very important .
The directive is a genuine one in that it does not contain provisions of a regulatory nature .
I believe that Community law will soon be developed by Member States and that this matter will thus be dealt with without many difficulties .
Furthermore , it will mean higher prices and less choice for the consumer , who is often the victim of fraud because he is not told where the pirated device he buys is from and is also led to believe that the device being bought is an authorized one .
As a result of this interaction , Parliament accepts the arguments put forward by the Commission , which advise against including the broader concept of economic value as a protected legal interest alongside the concept of remuneration .
At the same time , a number of gaps have been filled , such as the inclusion of activities relating to the renting and distribution of illicit devices among those activities that are brought to prosecution and those liable for prosecution .
The ball is now in the Commission 's court .
I would stress the fact that Parliament will tomorrow be signing a blank check whose content and possible expiry date will be the sole responsibility of the Court and the Council .
This is certainly true .
And , given the institutions ' heavy workload , let us not forget that it will be difficult to 'come back ' to the issue .
And , Madam President , if justice comes from the people , then the people should perceive it as such .
We are putting forward a proposal that states that in a rapidly changing market in terms of innovation , highly innovative projects may be altered while in progress .
In addition , for some time now the committee has been receiving complaints from both university departments and companies concerning possible discrimination and flaws in respect of equal conditions