The Council has been working within the framework of the Beijing Platform for Action and has adopted special indicators within three areas that are relevant here : 1 ) violence against women in the home , 2 ) sexual harassment at the workplace , and 3 ) women and armed conflicts .
However , we should not be content with this .
In these conclusions , the Council stressed , and I quote , that 'the elimination of all forms of violence against the girl child , including trafficking and harmful traditional practices , are crucial for the empowerment of girls and women , and for the achievement of equality between women and men in society ' .
As the honourable Member emphasised in the introduction to her question , violence against women has a harmful effect on women 's ability to participate in social , political and economic life .
The problem of violence against women represents a more general problem - a lack of equality .
Employment is often the best way to leave poverty behind .
The aim is to guarantee that both the integration of equality and special equality measures will have prominence in future strategies .
At its next meeting in March 2010 , the United Nations Commission on the Status of Women will undertake a fifteen-year review of the Beijing Platform for Action .
The Council is actively involved in this work , with a significant part of it being devoted to combating violence against women .
Mr President , honourable Members , I will repeat what I said at the beginning : violence against women has no place in a civilised society .
The violence of men towards women has many guises and it may take many forms , but the vulnerability and pain are the same no matter who is affected .
Within the framework of the Stockholm Programme that will be adopted next month , there will be greater opportunities to tackle those problems concerning women who are subjected to violence that have been highlighted by Parliament . 2.
The road is long and the obstacles are many , but our vision must be for the violence against women to stop .
So far , this convention has been ratified by 26 Member States and also by the Community .
Unfortunately , that will be too late for the Council to have the chance to take it into account .
It is absolutely nothing to do with a lack of respect - quite the contrary , in fact .
I am certain that we will achieve our goal for the recommendation to be adopted at the Council 's meeting on 1 December 2009 .
Many EU Member States have now adopted such laws , and several are on the way to doing so .
Madam President , I would like to point out that this is , of course , a worker-protection issue .
A smoking ban in these environments would save many more lives and be much more effective in preventing a lot of poor health than most of the laws that we make here .
It is not about freedom of choice , because those who become sick have not chosen it at all .
I believe that we have many points of view in common .
The proposal for a recommendation states that it is particularly dangerous for children and young people to be exposed to second-hand smoke and that this could increase the likelihood of their taking up smoking .
We will then begin preparations for the fourth session of the Conference of the Parties to the Framework Convention on Tobacco Control .
We are concerned about hunger in the world and believe that a focus on food security is important .
However , we do not believe that the EU 's common agricultural policy , as it currently stands , is the solution .
More than a billion people are currently suffering from starvation .
Extreme oscillations in prices and a dramatic increase in the price of food on the world market have also caused a global food crisis , which has made it even harder for the poor people of the world to obtain access to food .
On the contrary , these measures will have the opposite effect .
This agreement serves two different , but equally important , purposes .
I would also like to express the Council 's satisfaction at the agreement we reached with regard to the common foreign and security policy .
However , I think that it is a good compromise that balances our goals and priorities in the best way possible .
Nor would it have been possible without the excellent and constructive atmosphere that , in our opinion , characterised the whole process .
Last , but not least , I would like to thank all of the staff in the three institutions who , in a very professional manner , helped to make this possible .
Even though it took a long time , it was definitely important for us to manage to finance the economic recovery plan without postponing the solutions to a later date .
I am , however , pleased that this point , too , was conceded .
It is difficult , then , to understand why the Council and the Swedish Presidency seem to be fighting so hard , to the bitter end , for the financing of the new instrument for micro-credits to be found from cuts in the Progress programme .
There are barely any margins left .
We believe that the budget negotiations for the three remaining years will be problematic if there is no change , particularly if we consider the fact that we are about to undergo a new round of enlargement and we are facing major new commitments in the area of the climate .
In