a rate which has been very detrimental to Greece .
This is inconsistent with the restriction on production and the quality that you are after .
You forget that it is not simply a product , it is a popular form of sustenance , and it provides excellent employment .
And you are sacrificing it on the altar of questionable multinational interests .
Statistics given by the Commissioner show that , in 1994 , a dairy company received an average of ECU 13 140 million from the EAGGF , a combined meat and dairy company received ECU 11 536 , arable farmers received ECU 11 207 , while a wine-producing company received , on average , ECU 4 590 .
Existing regulations and their planned extension will , in my opinion , undermine the essence of the European Union wine-producing proposal and position .
Fourthly , we believe that distillation is not something we can impose willy-nilly on the producers .
It would be interesting if we had a briefing on this matter , as farming is going through a critical phase and we have debated these problems on several occasions , both last week and this .
This is in fact what Mr Fischer said the other day in Parliament , and it is now being said by others in the German Presidency .
I read in the press , Mr President , that there are committees of wise men already working informally on revision of the Treaty .
These are choices which give rise to concern among working people and the public at large , who are suffering the consequences of the choices made at Maastricht and over EMU and the stability pact .
Time forces me to confine myself to highlighting the effort to drive out the lethargy and to dispel the confusion which , over the years , have stood in the way of a coherent common foreign and security policy taking shape .
Since the enlargement procedure has begun , it would be dangerous to delay finding a solution to existing institutional indecision .
We may not agree with one or two technical details .
The answer is a resounding nothing !
It is a great pity that the Council of Ministers appears to be too busy to come here and attend the debate today .
Mr President , I too have noticed that there has been a delay in negotiations in the Council .
Perhaps I may be allowed to mention a few of them .
Secondly , we said that exactly , and not approximately , two thirds of Objective 1 resources should be made available , and that we must stick to the criteria defined by the Commission for including regions under Objective 1 , one of which states that only those regions with a per capita GDP which is less than 75 % of Community GDP can be included .
I also want to make two points in connection with the Cohesion Fund .
Bearing in mind what has been said so far and the statements that have been made , what kind of measures does the Council expect to come from the Turkish side ?
Secondly , is there any prosect of Cyprus becoming a member of NATO when it joins the European Union , in order to solve the security problem ?
Mr President , I should like to thank the President-in-Office for his reply , but the real point of my question was this : Greece has diplomatic but not consular relations with the countries I mentioned , such as Rwanda , Sierra Leone and Myanmar .
Otherwise we end up with something resembling a Kafkaesque impasse .
Is that not possible ?
You are mistaken if you think that a 30-second answer is adequate for the question I asked you .
Firstly , what is the position of the German Government and of the German Presidency ?
Please give me direct answers to both these questions .
Taking all these factors into account , the Community issued Commission Directive 90/220/EEC , which was implemented for the first time in 1991 .
Amendments Nos 9 and 10 which I have tabled help to clarify this point and permit the use of human genes in the transfer and creation of GMOs .
This is indeed a force , a force which opens up wonderful opportunities , if we use it prudently and responsibly .
Mr President , yesterday , when the President of Parliament was in the Chair , I raised the point that Parliament had been besieged by demonstrating farmers , and I asked the President if he would give us further information on the subject either yesterday or today , after he had talked to them .
I would like to know whether we are going to have a statement from the Commission today or not .
Madam President , we know that Albania is still facing many intractable problems , especially problems in connection with internal security and public order which are affecting all other areas .
However , as was clear from the serious regression which took place in September last year , the problems of Albania centre more around the lack of communication and dialogue among the country 's political powers and their inability to reach agreement on a minimum joint programme to extricate the country once and for all from the crisis it is in , rather than on the genuinely deep economic recession .
The European Union is granting macro-financial aid to support the efforts made by Albania , but this must in no way be taken as a shifting of responsibilities .
Corruption must be stamped out and organised crime combated .
Nevertheless , strengthening the credibility of the country and ensuring economic and political stability will gradually increase its ability to take on loans and , above all , will attract foreign investments , which Albania desperately needs