The European industrial fabric is made up of diverse sectors , ranging from the aerospace industry to the textile industry , and they require specific responses .
Mr President , the question of the Committee on Legal Affairs covers two aspects .
This is therefore a crucial moment for the fisheries sector in the area , and for having made it possible for us to reach this moment , I must fully acknowledge the work of Commissioner Joe Borg and Director-General Jörgen Holmquist — who have been personally involved in moving this dossier forward — their services , with whom I have worked on a daily basis , and of course my colleagues in the Committee on Fisheries , who have been wise and generous enough to give up many of their local sectors ’ demands , sometimes despite strong pressure , in order not to deprive the whole Mediterranean sector of common management rules .
For example , we introduce rationality and consistency into the regulation of the depths and distances from the coast within which it is possible to fish in such a biologically-, economically- and socially-sensitive sea .
The cooperation – – which , as I have said , was close and effective – – between the rapporteur , Mrs Fraga – – who has done a magnificent job – – and the Commission services , has allowed us to come to this House today with a compromise acceptable to the majority of Parliament , and with a clear message to the sector , which under no circumstances must we break or spoil .
I say this because , in the explanatory statement in Mr  Freitas’s report , the justification appears to be based on other reasons and not on the presence of our fleet in the Eastern Pacific .
The decision foresaw that Spain would participate in IATTC decisions in line with the Community position and in close cooperation with the Commission , which guaranteed the Community’s effective participation in the IATTC .
There are many reasons : a succession of bad governments , the failure of fundamentalist neo-liberal policies , the despair of the impoverished masses excluded from the system , the predatory behaviour of the multinationals and — we must accept as well — the lack of understanding — or even worse , the indifference — of the international community .
At that point his only asset was high popularity and an unquestionable domination of television communications .
Because we want governability and stability for Bolivia and because our interests are at stake , the Council must instruct its Ambassadors to ensure that Bolivia can find a peaceful , democratic and free solution .
For these reasons , if the European Union wants to retain a degree of credibility as a supporter of human rights in the world , it must investigate the actions of energy companies of European origin in Bolivia and in other places , and must be much more demanding in terms of compliance with the social responsibility rules by companies investing abroad .     . – Mr President , we do not know what is happening right now in Bolivia , which is experiencing some of the most dramatic times in its history .
Today , when we are getting ready to vote and to approve the resolution supporting the Bolivians and calling for respect and supporting the institutions and the constitutional laws , it only remains for me to call on God and on the Quechuan and Aymaran Gods to enlighten their leaders and to bless and protect the Bolivian people .     . – Mr President , freedom of expression and freedom of the press are one of the foundations upon which any democracy that wishes to respect human rights must be based .
The case of Germany in relation to certain Member States , such as my own , Spain , speaks volumes .
The Commission has done its job ; as has the European Parliament : it has adopted its position by a large majority and , for the first time in its history , showing responsibility and taking account of the economic difficulties faced by certain Member States , it has proposed slightly lower figures than those proposed by the Commission .
For the Socialist Group , and for the Council as well , I hope , the Lisbon Strategy and , hence , economic and social cohesion , are the mid-term development objective .
Everybody talked about their national interests .
With regard to the Constitution , Mr President , I believe that what is going to happen in practice , which is the suspension of the referenda , is a good thing : this is not the right time to hold more referenda and we must dedicate ourselves to debate .
No, not for that reason : we must reflect so that we can continue to make progress , that is to say , to bring the European Constitution into being .
The rapporteur , at one point , believed that a modification should be proposed , specifically the derogation of Article 22 of the Convention implementing the Schengen Agreement , and presented Amendments 85 and 70 .
Finally , Mr President , I believe that we will have a European programme for security research within the seventh framework programme and a plural , technical and political advisory committee .
Ladies and gentlemen , in this respect , our reflection is complete .
I would like the Commission to take action in this regard in order to ensure the participation of civil society in the coming Summit .
The World Digital Solidarity Fund is clearly insufficient , given its voluntary nature , and we must therefore mobilise more financial resources , whether they be development , structural or other new resources .
That is to say that I have the impression that , as Commissioner McCreevy