active part in drawing up a definite coherent strategy for the future .
I hope that Parliament’s contributions will enable the final document to meet with everyone’s satisfaction , an outcome that would constitute an extremely important step forward .
You look on reproductive health as an ideological issue and I do not , because I , for my part , have a humanist outlook on the issue .
This is a role based on a long-term view rather than on short-term interests .
That is what the debate covers .
Hopefully this can be put into practice more .
Any form of dissidence is forbidden .
In view of this – and we are getting clear messages on the matter from the political groups – in order to guide the work in the Parliamentary committees on the dossiers in hand and also to initiate a dialogue with the Council in January , we really should as a matter of urgency , Mr President , amend the agenda to allow such a resolution to be tabled .
We are asking that a formula of the ‘Swiss formula’ type , which you are advocating today and which does not respect the principle of ‘less than full reciprocity’ , not be applied in the field of industrial tariffs .
One after another , Europe has sacrificed all the gains of Lomé on the altar of the WTO –Stabex , Sysmin , the banana agreement , the sugar protocol – in order to get free-trade agreements signed , with the bonus of the introduction of visas for nationals of the countries we used to call our privileged partners .
My comment is that following the reform of the sugar WTO , we are finding , contrary to what is often said , that it is the least developed countries that are now asking us not to continue solely down the road of tariff cuts and preferential access to markets , but to try to define relations that will really allow them to develop .
We must call on the Laotian Government to allow international and non-governmental organisations free access to the areas concerned – that is the only way those people will get the food and care they need – and , above all , press the government to integrate these populations into Laotian society with the fundamental rights and freedoms they have been denied until today .
In view of the vital role that NGOs and certain international organisations play in the supply of health services and treatments , I am glad that they will be allowed to deal with patent holders directly in order to buy and distribute generic medicines .
Adopting this regulation today offers us a first definite solution for thousands of sick people who are waiting for treatment , but let us not forget , when tomorrow comes , to seek lasting solutions equal to the scale of the challenge that faces us .     .
The Commission has clearly lost no time in stepping into the breach this opened up .
They play a useful role , ensuring the stability and quality of the service and strengthening maritime safety through the regular renewal of fleets .
This concerns international roaming in particular .
It is essential that we draw up an action plan , with a timetable , so that consumers can enjoy continuity of service , which means the potential for international roaming throughout European territory , at the best price and at the earliest opportunity .
Those talks are going to take a few more months yet .
It seems to me that we have here before us balanced proposals that will make it possible , I repeat , to sustain employment in labour-intensive sectors – that is where the coherence of the proposed fiscal mechanism comes in – to combat undeclared work and to contribute to what is in line to become the leitmotiv of this House – and , I hope , beyond this House , of the Council – namely , better regulation and the Lisbon objectives .
In France , ladies and gentlemen , the people have already expressed their anger towards a Europe that no longer meets their expectations .
Allow me , finally , to say something about reduced VAT rates in relation to labour-intensive activities , among other areas .
The real mistake and the real errors lie with those who sought to strip the Member States of their sovereign powers .     The European Union has made employment its priority and yet it is unable to make a decision regarding the application of the reduced VAT rate in labour-intensive sectors .
This compromise with the Council is satisfying because the compulsory licensing system is extended to NGOs , international organisations and non-WTO members .
Increased living costs .
It is preparing to support the Agreement on Trade in Services – the notorious GATS – which is nothing more than a Bolkestein Directive on a global scale .
The WTO and the WTO conference together represent the slave market embellished by Ricardo , Adam Smith and other fraudulent preachers of the jungle Bible .     Mr President , I greatly regret the fact that Mrs de Palacio , on behalf of the Commission , has already stopped the Olympic truce from being enforced in the Suze Valley during the 2006 Winter Olympics .
Following nine months of work by the temporary committee on the financial perspective , the European Parliament had reached a satisfactory compromise , enabling Europe to be guaranteed an ambitious and coherent future .
It is pointless telling you that those words are particularly alarming .
There is a strong temptation to want only to remember the martyrdom of the Jewish people , by dismissing the only debate worth having , that of the conditions governing the application of parliamentary immunity .
I hope that you succeed in doing this .
