government representatives are the sort of people who will work together in the Convention and will feel themselves bound by whatever proposal for a decision results from it , so that the governments , too , will be made to discharge their duties with regard to what the Convention brings into existence .
None of these have you produced , and today 's marginal comments by you are insufficient .
I hope that many Members will support these amendments so that , above all , the national parliaments and the Council will also then consider how they may comply with this criterion .
That is the real task .
I am in favour of us all resting from our labours in July and August , so that the IGC can begin in September under the Italian Presidency and we can complete the constitutional treaty by the end of 2003 , in good time for the European elections and also for enlargement .
It is not , then , some concept that we are defending , but rather its content and political essence , so I want to make it very clear today that , to put it mildly , there has been great disquiet in Parliament about the Council ' s and the Commission 's long-standing efforts to draft an action plan for better lawmaking , about the working parties that have already and secretly been drafting papers with the objective of putting this programme of action on the Laeken agenda - all of which has been done without involving or even informing Parliament , the joint legislator .
It is our conviction that secure jobs , favourable working conditions and appropriate workers ' rights do not diminish productivity and economic growth and hence the creation of jobs , but , on the contrary , promote them .
We protest against this .
I wish you a great deal of success , knowing as I do that you , in the Council and in the Commission , share this view that these positions must be made to prevail so that we can work together with a view to a result acceptable to all .
I also agree with your desire , in response to statement 23 , for an enlarged agenda which , however , the Convention should set for itself .
Today again we find that the European Parliament is the principal integrating element in the European Union .
This ensures maximum flexibility and efficiency in our shared struggle against crime , which knows no boundaries .
Only one wish will no doubt not be granted me : Eurojust will not be based in Luxembourg , which would have symbolised so well this institution 's independence and its closeness to European Community law .
The discussions that have just begun show , too , that we are fundamentally in complete agreement with this .
The Council , the Commission and Parliament have been lamenting this situation for years , but little or nothing has as yet been done about it .
Why ?
Mrs Theato has already mentioned one possibility , and an important one at that , which we will not be able to avoid if we want to make changes .
Would personal intervention by the President of the Commission not be necessary in this case ?
Again a word on that , Mr Bösch .
They underline , once again , how important the introduction of the new Article 280 is for protecting the Community ' s financial interests .
It is now de facto better , but that , of course , also means that more irregularities are being reported .
There is no financial damage , but there may be environmental damage because the environmental impact assessment was not carried out .
Your much-vaunted Commission reform programme lacks the crucial safety net .
Look at it which way you will , sulphur prevents that .
I think this rapid reaction facility , this way of getting money to crisis regions quickly , efficiently and without bureaucracy , really is a good instrument .
Now it is being done in Macedonia .
For my part , I believe that the agency , which is not only a reconstruction agency but already a development agency , ought to play a greater part over all .
So-called therapeutic cloning of embryos leads to reproductive cloning and that is why it must be banned .
Therapeutic cloning paves the way for reproductive cloning and has a bandwagon effect .
Instead , the chaos of opinions voiced in the amendments in plenum looks like leaving it in shreds .
Sometimes we simply do not see it .
We are currently in a situation of conflict between the breathtaking progress of modern medicine and the ethical foundations of our society .
Is there a right to life-long health ?
Science is not able to do that , because it does not want to .
I agree with Mr Corbett there because we have asked for adequate representation of both sexes .
I discussed it with the various groups yesterday and obtained their agreement .
That not only weakens Parliament , but it weakens the Commission itself .
A majority of this House , duped by an unholy alliance of socialists and liberals , has distorted a report , so that nearly all of us ended up having to vote against it in order to leave that outstanding product of the Committee on Human Genetics , the original text of the Fiori Report , standing as a beacon of Europe 's protection of life .
The only real connection is that they are both things we consider to be desirable .
It is your job , Commissioner , to invite the Member States to send only the cream of the cream .
What I consider most important is the fact that the framework conditions have been created for this Authority .
