on frequent occasions .
Mr President , I consider that this is a black day for consumer protection !
The term "promote " is probably not appropriate in this context .
But of course .
Regarding the question : I had a detailed discussion with the Chairpersons of the parties which you mentioned last week in Prague .
Madam President , this is the first time that the Secretary-General and High Representative , who is also to be the Secretary-General of the West European Union , has been here with us in the Parliament .
By its actions in Chechnya , in Grozny and other towns , and in the countryside of Chechnya , Russia is distancing itself from the values of Europe and I would urge you , Mr Solana , and Chris Patten , to make your voice heard today , tomorrow and in the coming days at the OSCE meeting in Istanbul .
If I have understood things correctly , the Finnish Council Presidency has again sent the old troika to Russia .
However , everything would then fall under the umbrella of credibility and common interests and we could further develop matters on this basis such that the appointment of Mr Solana as Secretary-General of the West European Union and the involvement of that Union could be fully effected without us needing to make allowance for article 5 .
In my opinion we should do both , even if there is a certain tension between the two .
The rules in force for this must be fair and must be based on the mutual granting of advantages and imposition of duties .
Mr President , Europe ' s new role in the world will be conditioned by external and security policy , but also by the tensions between social , economic and political needs .
In this resolution , the Parliament is giving the Commission full backing for Seattle .
There is greater dissatisfaction among the poorer countries because people are wondering where all the promised prosperity has gone , who has cashed in and how the poor have become even poorer .
What I have been speaking about is the real concern of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs , namely to provide the workers of these countries with a tool to defend themselves , the right to be able to defend themselves .
I have only mentioned a few of the most important points which my colleagues designate time and again as being important , because everyone will keep saying that in the World Trade Organisation environmental issues and consumer protection issues must be cited as a central theme .
Mr President , Commissioner Lamy , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , on Monday the committee approved the report of Mr Schwaiger with a large majority and I must say how pleased I am with the overall way in which Mr Schwaiger has lead the debate .
This is particularly important because so many issues , especially new issues , as many of my colleagues have already mentioned , are of an extremely emotive nature , for example , the issues of how we can include investments in the scope of the world trade round , new rules on competition , social and working standards and much more .
I support the call to apply the precautionary principle and sustainability in all sectors .
We have logically assessed the war in Chechnya and we have also deferred our decision on further expansion of cooperation with Russia .
Two months ago we took up a clear position as a single international institution , albeit not every individual in the House .
We therefore need a wholly clear and energetic policy and not the assertions of alibis which we have had in recent months , including from our governments .
I agree that the groups should have access to information , and I was very grateful that I was able to speak on this matter with Mr Achmadov , but in the past there have not been official appointments of this type in this House .
I believe that in recent plenary part-sessions since the summer , this Parliament has tackled the problem of the second Chechen war in great detail , as indeed it has had to .
In revising the uniquely constituted Lomé Conventions , the refrain is always that that these ought not to remain in that form and that they are not WTO specific .
Why , for heaven' s sake , is the idea of an assessment of this kind rejected so vehemently ?
It is precisely a rapprochement of this kind that we in the EU-China Delegation have spent long years trying to achieve .
Mr President , three brief remarks about the Millennium Round and cultural diversity .
It was not straightforward .
To conclude , I should like to support all those who have come out in favour of a courageous position in respect of the least developed countries , the LLDC .
In this connection , we demand that the President of the Commission should have the ability to ask this Parliament for a vote of confidence and that the so-called Prodi procedure , whereby the President is able to dismiss a single Member of the Commission , should be incorporated into the next Treaty .
It is a system of open markets .
They have certainly carried out a complicated and difficult piece of work .
We shall request a roll-call vote for we are of the opinion that citizens are entitled to know who in this Chamber regards war as legitimate .
Out of consideration for our neutral Members , Article 5 may only , however , be regularised in the framework of a protocol to the Treaty so that each country can decide for itself whether or not it wants to accede to this part