and the departure of patients to other countries can be an incentive to invest more in national health care , although that is an unwieldy way of stimulating quality .
Let us therefore take this step forward and not invest unnecessarily in mobility that patients do not want anyway .
Moreover , in the proposed text , democracy remains deficient as long as national parliaments can only delay legislation , as long as the collection of a million signatures is not rewarded with policy being adapted or with a referendum , and as long as the Council is the only body that can change this Constitution .
At the Summit of 16 and 17 June , the Heads of Government must demonstrate that they have more of an understanding of the French and Dutch ‘no’ than many of my fellow Members .
These sentiments are also shared by those progressive voters who have voted in favour of the Constitution with some hesitation , in the belief that it was a step forward .
The Council Summit on 16 and 17 June , and chaired thereafter by Mr Blair , may be able to make a start on thinking about salvaging the key elements , namely Chapters 1 and 2 of the Constitution , the principles of Europe , the improved weighting of vote , the high level of subsidiarity , accessibility , enhanced influence of national parliaments and citizens ’ rights , in a simplified treaty .
The question now arises of what type of reform the European Union would be able to handle .
The Constitutional Treaty would have enabled the EU to process the enlargement .
Europe is too bureaucratic , too expensive ; too many new countries have joined and Europe is going too fast .
We should not forget that in addition to the two countries that said ‘no’ , there are also ten countries that said ‘yes’ , and that is an important fact .
We still have no framework for this enlarged Europe , Europe still has to provide an answer to globalisation and that answer can only be European .
Therefore we signed a motion of censure with the explicit and exclusive goal to initiate a debate in the plenary session .
A society that omits to set aside resources for this purpose is permanently in crisis .
The report speaks , and I quote , in terms of ‘profoundly racist , anti-Semitic , islamophobic and homophobic statements and actions by prominent politicians and members of government’ .
I should like to single out three of them .
I am pleased to establish that the President of the Council is aware of the importance of this agenda item .
The fact that we have entered a time of reflection and possible review after the referenda in France and the Netherlands must not be allowed to adversely affect the proceedings of the forthcoming Summit .
If , as appears to be the case , Brussels wants to give Washington sole and short-term responsibility for peace and security in the Far East , then a fresh crisis in transatlantic relations is looming in the distance in succession to Iraq .
A perfect example is the European Council’s intention to remove the arms embargo against China .
The brutality with which the Uzbek Government has responded is setting the earth smouldering in Uzbekistan .
Civil society and NGOs also need to be supported , and the freedom of the press and religion guaranteed , for it is too crazy for words that churches , among others , should be obstructed and harassed despite being completely unconnected with religious fundamentalism , let alone terrorism or anything else .
Mr President , Mr Schmit , Mr Borg , ladies and gentlemen , first of all , I should like to explain the background to these two questions by the Committee on Budgetary Control .
The bare facts that were brought during the debates before the court against Philip Morris forced the tobacco giant to sign a settlement with the European Commission .
Apparently , 10 % will go to the Commission , while the ten Member States that joined the lawsuit will receive 90 % .
This is not just about whose money it is ; we should also look for value for money .
This is a pressing question , and I would like Commissioner Almunia to answer it .     .
Even if we were to adopt a thousand reports like the Gaubert report , containing new repressive measures against Europeans who avail themselves of their right to free expression of opinion in order to voice their dissatisfaction with the situation , it would not make the slightest bit of difference .
Since then , the country has been ruled by the military and bureaucrats who combine their fear of fundamentalism with an Arabic nationalism that is hostile to the Berber minority and turns its back on 130 years of French cultural influence .
In Belarus too , where such a revolution has not yet been successful , the opposition , though weak , can count on much external sympathy .
Furthermore , the current presidential government owes its dire popularity ratings to its practice of silencing the opposition in the electronic media , obstructing , where possible , the opposition’s public manifestations , and to a hardly representative voting system characterised by ballot-rigging .
Everyone claims that the bookkeepers ’ mentality of some egos in European politics blocked an agreement on the multi-annual budget , because it involved some USD 1 000 billion for seven years while , by way of comparison , the annual budget of the US alone amounts to USD 2 500 billion .
What matters is not so much whether Europe spends enough money in order to meet tomorrow’s challenges , but that it should do so by using its funds differently .
The Dutch ‘no’ is final