to the globalization of the economy , the rise of the information society and the development of the scientific and technological society .
The Socratic philosophers themselves , always seeking truth despite their scepticism , would have accepted that education must be adapted to the new needs !
We need to bear in mind that books , newspapers and the other means of communication based on the written word will remain extremely important .
We are convinced certain resources are being overfished and overuse of driftnets is creating problems , not least environmental ones .
So I believe we must press ahead with controls , but recognizing our duty to comply with the Community regulation setting the length of driftnets at 2.5 kilometres .
In particular it is used on French , English and Irish fishing vessels , although the practice has tended to decline in recent years .
That is the only credible solution .
Italy itself is now demonstrating willingness to find a solution .
A 'spadare ' plan has been drawn up , the fruit of an agreement between the government and the organizations in the sector , and providing for financial participation by the Community .
The committee worked with great determination and we must give credit for this to its chairman , Mr Tomlinson , whom I thank for his work .
The work of the Committee of Inquiry has stirred up the stagnant waters of those who preferred not to see and not to know .
So we can no longer tolerate this but must act and act at once !
Only if we receive replies to these questions can we be sure of what the Commission tells us .
It is important because it points out that the closure of large companies has a very adverse effect on the entire environment they have created and on the local area in which they operate .
I want to emphasize one particular aspect raised in recommendations 14-20 , judicial cooperation , because there is a very close link between the proposals on this and the more general strategy to combat fraud , a fight we know must be waged and where we are sadly making slow progress .
Of course certain countries , such as Greece and Italy , play a particular role , but we want to emphasize that they must do so in the framework of the European Union 's policies .
At present the Council seems to be flying a little higher ; what I have said represents a further condemnation of the lack of a common foreign policy ; in its absence , we cannot talk of Europe or of integration .
In the light of all this it is therefore necessary to make the utmost effort to approach this delicate problem in a balanced , calm and unbiased manner in order to resolve the situation and continue the process towards further democratization , paying particular attention to the cultural integration of this important part of the Mediterranean basin .
So new complications can still develop in this situation .
I agree with the proposal by Commissioner van den Broek to try to create a minimum of legality , starting from the agreement reached between Berisha and the new opposition government and the job entrusted to a representative of the Socialist Party who , coming from the south , could try to finalize this agreement .
I therefore believe that at this point Europe must assume its responsibilities for the future , especially for what was not done in Albania .
We should not be surprised if the various situations in the Balkans worsen politically and then degenerate into civil war .
I agree with Mr Occhetto that we need to take direct measures for the south of Albania , as the Italian government is endeavouring to do through the presence of our ambassador in the south .
His report fully recognizes the strategic importance of the Mediterranean .
That would be extremely detrimental to Europe and in particular to the European countries bordering the Mediterranean .
In particular , we regard as most important the call on the Commission to draw up a special report on the human rights situation in the 12 non-EU signatory states and the proposal on the establishment of a European civil peace corps in order to strengthen humanitarian action , achieve a peaceful resolution of conflicts , prevent the outbreak of new conflicts and provide the requisite confidence-building measures .
Now , a few months later , we have to criticize the inadequacy of the European initiatives .
Today we are here to celebrate this fact , regarding it as an acquis : now we have to see how we can move forward .
If we are to involve the societies in this process it is important that we look into means of setting up a permanent , although not cumbersome inter-parliamentary structure .
Although there is no provision for any link between the peace process and partnership , these problems could end up weakening it .
The economic aspect is also extremely important .
It is urgently necessary for the Commission to define and organize the management of the programmes .
This is a fundamental strategy for the European Union and must be regarded as such so that attention can be directed towards the south , beginning with the near south , and the processes of peace , stability and mutual understanding can be strengthened .
Is that true ?
I have the impression that this process could come to a halt , could indeed backtrack , because there does not seem to be any real balance between closer integration , the development of the Union 's policies and competences and Parliament 's own power of legislation and control .
Increasingly large grey areas are appearing within which committees carry out tasks that could also tend in a negative direction .
