Having said that , Mr President of the Commission , we must resolve the disagreement between us with sincerity and frankness .
But that is your problem .
Yesterday in this House , on behalf of my group - and I am pleased that the President-in-Office of the Council is here - we strongly supported the Belgian Presidency of the Council and the Council itself with regard to an issue which we feel is very important - I believe that President Verhofstadt is in Rome today - and that is that we manage to introduce , as fifteen countries , the anti-terrorist legislation which this Parliament , the Council and the Commission have supported .
Furthermore , finally , do not leave the secretariat of the Convention to the Council ; we must all participate in it , because a broader distribution always brings the best results .
Next year there will be elections in several countries of the European Union and we need an institution which not only cares for the coming generations , but which takes account of their concerns and challenges .
Mr President , I hope that , by means of this working programme , the disagreements of the past may be transformed into the agreements of the present and I hope that that method will prevail in the work between the Commission and Parliament .
Mr President , I would firstly like to apologise to the House because I must leave , since I have obligations in my capacity as Vice-President in a few minutes time and I will not therefore be able to attend the whole of the debate .
The result is that we do not really know , when we reach an agreement , what value we may have for the previous year because it will depend on real inflation .
Praise the Lord !
Both this and certain other proposals by the Committee on Women' s Rights have been removed by the Council , and therefore Parliament , making use of the rights afforded it by the Treaties , since they are not obligatory expenses , is presenting them once again for approval .
For 2002 we are basically faced with two new structural needs originating from the Nice Summit and not foreseen in Berlin .
Issues such as the entry into force of automatic failed commitments and the achievement of a level of payments which allows for the absorption of the leftovers are priorities which this Parliament is happy to have obtained .
We would ask the Council whether it is really so difficult to establish a prior consultation system for external priorities in heading 5 ?
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I believe it is right firstly to express my gratitude , as previous speakers have done , for the work of Mrs Buitenweg , of the chairman of our committee and , especially , Mr Costa Neves .
At a time when there are doubts on the part of some Member States , we must make it clear that the programme must not be called into question and that this phase needs to be basically sustained by means of public funding , as the Turchi report demonstrates .
Progress has been made on the harmonisation of methodology and the accuracy and precision of the concepts , definitions , classifications and accounting rules which must be applied in order to achieve a quantitative description of the economies of the Member States .
The events that have taken place over these last two years , such as the tragic deaths of Moroccan and sub-Saharan citizens in the Straits of Gibraltar and off the Andalusian coast , the death of immigrants in Dover or the recent incidents in Ireland , the repugnant traffic in , and corruption of , minors , and prostitution , combined with the horrific murders committed by ETA and the tragedy of 11 September , have caused an upheaval in the debate and have accelerated the need for the speedy implementation of measures to cope with such a dangerous and worrying situation .
It appears to me that Parliament is going to make a worthwhile contribution today in confronting a violent situation in the streets of Europe which is a worry to us all .
It seems to me that the unanimity and the lack of real power of this Parliament do not help .
Madam President , from the start of this legislature , the European Parliament , through its various bodies , has been working extremely hard to achieve peace in this region , making its contribution , of both a political and an economic nature , through the Union budgets .
The situation we are experiencing is not akin to some kind of movie with good guys and bad guys and for this reason , and to maintain credibility , we need to call on the Israeli Government to stop its bombings , and the Palestinian Authority to prosecute without exception those extremists who are at the root of this terrorism which , under no circumstances , can be justified .
I am not ignoring the fact that the Council , and especially the High Representative , Mr Javier Solana , are redoubling their efforts to achieve some kind of tangible result .
The Israeli Minister for Foreign Affairs , Shimon Peres , also liked the declaration .
Finally , I would like to say that I expect - and I am sure of this - that this recent mission led by the High Representative and the possible decisions to be made at Laeken will take us in this direction .
From this point of view , I think that the clear position that has been taken with regard to the Palestinian Authority and the Israeli Government is logical and in line with the position of the Council .
You can count on it , and I am speaking on my