more parliamentary and democratic control over the Schengen evaluation processes .
I know Commissioner Barrot has held this position for a long time , but it is good that he , as Vice-President of the Commission , has made this formal statement to us .
There cannot be two evaluation systems ; there must be one alone , whether for the new Schengen members or for the established ones .
As this was not the case , I propose that the initiative should be returned to the Committee on Civil Liberties , Justice and Home Affairs so that the Commission can rethink its initiative .
This agency will contribute to implementing the package 's objectives , especially the aim of increasing the proportion of renewable energy used to 20 % of total energy consumption by 2020 .
That is also why I support the European Community 's endorsement of the Statute of the International Renewable Energy Agency ( IRENA ) .
Given the fundamental importance of the CAP for the governments and citizens of the Union , I argue that it should be as simple and clear as possible in terms of its implementation and the rules in force .
Bearing in mind the specific features of these outermost regions , I believe that this extension is vital for the survival of the local industry in these products and for the protection of employment in this sector .
Having secured the unanimous support of the Committee on Regional Development , this result was confirmed by today 's vote , which maintains the tax reduction with effect from January 2009 until 2013 .
I would point out that anyone who travels with the aim of carrying out a paid activity during a short stay cannot benefit from this agreement , and continues to be subject to the applicable rules of the Community and of each Member State in relation to the visa requirement or waiver and also access to employment .
I would point out that anyone who travels with the aim of carrying out a paid activity during a short stay cannot benefit from this agreement , and continues to be subject to the applicable rules of the Community and of each Member State in relation to the visa requirement or waiver and also access to employment .
I would point out that anyone who travels with the aim of carrying out a paid activity during a short stay cannot benefit from this agreement , and continues to be subject to the applicable rules of the Community and of each Member State in relation to the visa requirement or waiver and also access to employment .
I would point out that anyone who travels with the aim of carrying out a paid activity during a short stay cannot benefit from this agreement , and continues to be subject to the applicable rules of the Community and of each Member State in relation to the visa requirement or waiver and also access to employment .
I would point out that anyone who travels with the aim of carrying out a paid activity during a short stay cannot benefit from this agreement , and continues to be subject to the applicable rules of the Community and of each Member State in relation to the visa requirement or waiver and also access to employment .
I would point out that anyone who travels with the aim of carrying out a paid activity during a short stay cannot benefit from this agreement , and continues to be subject to the applicable rules of the Community and of each Member State in relation to the visa requirement or waiver and also access to employment .
Although we agree upon the need to provide the funds as quickly as possible , we regret that the proposal presented by the European Commission implies , among other budget headings , a reduction in funding for important community programmes compared with the previous and current multiannual financial framework .
The particular difficulties of the times in which we are living are obvious when we add to these problems the present lack of confidence in the markets and the shrinking of investment .
This case was about responding to a request for assistance from Germany for redundancies in the telecommunications sector , especially among Nokia GmbH workers , which fulfilled the eligibility criteria set out in the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund regulation .
However , if this area is to fulfil its potential , which I recognise , there needs to be a way of effectively evaluating its implementation by the various Member States .
I am very pleased to find this procedure now in the European Parliament .
The European Council has decided that it can only appoint new commissioners when there is legal clarity on the Treaty , and we have not yet completed this process .
That is why we are promoting the common active inclusion principles as Community policy .
The Commission expressed these doubts , and General Motors and Opel Trust are now reassessing the way in which the offer to buy Opel was made , and to verify whether , in fact , this offer was made on a commercial basis or not .
However , we should certainly not shut ourselves in and close off Europe , which would mean running the risk that other markets would close themselves off in turn from our exports .
The Council does indeed dispute this policy , believing that we should not ask the Member States for more money .
What we need is another policy for rural areas .
That is the question , and do not tell us that there is no money , because there is ; we can go and look for it among the tax evaders , in the taxation of capital gains in the financial markets and in tax have ns