It is there not just to revitalise our bodies but also our minds and our souls , and we have to recognise the importance of that fact in European legislation .
I therefore support the call for a legal basis that will put our powers on a par with those of the very important international sports organisations .
Europeans share a love of watching and participating in football , from Newcastle through Dortmund to Barcelona , but it is important that local people should be inspired to join their clubs .
I would therefore say that the most enduring teams should be built up from scratch and not simply bought up .
The system needs well-run machinery consisting of clubs of all shapes and sizes and degrees of professionalism and we need to take the opportunity to reform it .
I support , therefore , Commission statements and the Commissioner 's action on this matter .
Sport has a huge potential .
It has shown that it can build understanding and fight racism .
Let us do more work in sport to bring our communities together .
It has shown that it has the power to encourage disabled athletes to succeed .
Let us show that we share their pride and build joint events for them and able-bodied people .
Violence on the field has been the bad side of sport .
Let us work to ensure that sport is violence-free .
Doping , finally , is a symptom of the over-commercialisation of sport .
As our teams head off to Sydney they are under more pressure than ever .
We have to set up facilities that fight doping on an international basis because , as we have seen , one false accusation can ruin a career or cast a shadow over an exemplary career , such as that of Linford Christie .
Therefore , we support these reports and hope that they will provide the foundation for us to move forward into the next phase of European sport , a community spirit to build the industry and the potential of sport in Europe .
Mr President , the over-commercialisation of sport has clearly led to the exploitation of many young athletes .
Proven cases of doping in sporting competitions have diminished the reputation of many sports in the eyes of the public .
At last , the International Olympic Committee has faced up to its obligations to combat the widespread use of drugs in sport .
Up to 2500 drug tests will be carried out during the Sydney games .
I welcome the IOC 's announcement that heavy penalties will be imposed on sportsmen and women caught using drugs in Sydney this month and in the future .
The way to stop the use of drugs in sport should be coordinated on a worldwide basis .
The Union must continue to work through the World Anti-Doping Agency to ensure that uniform and structured guidelines are implemented for all sporting activities .
In conclusion , we should recall that the Treaty of Amsterdam emphasises the social significance of sport , but the European Union has no powers under the Treaty to take action on sport .
That is an issue that should be addressed in the ongoing discussions on the reform of Union policies and initiatives .
Mr President , I very rarely rise on a point of order and particularly now when we have extremely important votes to conduct , I only do so on what I consider to be an extremely important point .
Your predecessor in the chair has just apologised to Commissioner Reding and I think that the whole House would wish to endorse that verbal apology .
This week we have demonstrated here in Parliament that when we want to call the Commission to order , we can do so and the Commission responds in the appropriate manner .
But when a Commissioner is making an extremely important speech which demonstrates the amount of work and effort that she has put into a subject , which perhaps generates as much interest in the people we represent as anything else , there is complete chaos and a shambles in the Chamber .
I do not accept what your predecessor said , that it was difficult to call the house to order ; that can always be done and it should be done .
My request is that an apology to Commissioner Reding be now made in writing on behalf of Parliament and I hope this is not an experience we see repeated .
Mr President , normal practice would have been that I should have led the debate last night , but unfortunately due to a scheduling problem that was not possible .
I would like to commend this result of the conciliation to the House .
It was probably the most difficult conciliation and overall framework directive that this House has had to handle .
The way in which Mrs Lienemann conducted the whole matter of taking all the political groups the whole way through was really something to be admired .
I congratulate her most comprehensively for the way she did it .
We now have before us a legally binding directive which Parliament can be fully proud of .
That was not the position with the original directive .
We now have a legally enforceable directive which means that the environment of the Community over the next twenty years really has the opportunity of improving .
My only complaint , and this is why I took the floor , was that during the conciliation process non-governmental organisations were trying to influence Parliament beyond the stage that Parliament had agreed in its second reading .
Documents were very often available to those organisations before they were available to members of the Conciliation Committee .
This is not tolerable .
In conciliation , where we need to build trust between the Council of Ministers