the European Investment Bank 's new mandates provide a Community guarantee that should allow that Bank to grant up to EUR 8.7 billion in loans during the period 2007-2013 to Mediterranean countries .
I very much hope that all this work will lead to positive results and I shall not fail , Mrs Kratsa , to keep you closely informed of the development of our thinking and of our proposals . on behalf of the ITS Group . - ( FR ) Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , for once it is a pleasure to read Mrs Bourzai 's report .
The added value of this Convention , a real beginning for a code for international maritime labour , lies in that it makes the existing standards more effective , that it adapts them to globalisation , and above all that it makes it possible to increase the number of ratifications by States .
Mr President , first I shall again thank Mrs McDonald .
Thanks to Parliament , we can expect the necessary ratification of the Convention and , thanks to the social partners , we have a joint agreement that will make it possible to speedily introduce the new provisions into European law .
Without them , without the 1956 , 1968 and 1980 revolutions , Europe would never have been able to experience that 'velvet revolution ' of the end of the 1980s .
However , adapting does not mean grovelling and giving up on who we are .
On the other hand , if this anniversary were to take the form of a simple celebration of a jubilee designed to extol all the decisions that governed the EU 's construction and to glorify all of its results , without distinction , then , as far as historical analyses are concerned , it would be of very little importance and , in terms of political effectiveness , it would be a complete waste of time .
This Union has in fact betrayed Europe : free movement of capital , goods and persons within Europe implied that a reasonable border existed around it .
In other words , it is not the responsibility of either the Commission or the European Court of Justice in Luxembourg to define , and even less to rule over , public services .
What is more , the mediocre performance in the areas of democracy and of human rights clashes each day with the names of the human rights defenders - journalists , political opponents and even prisoners of conscience or trade unionists - who are rotting in prison .
For their part , the Member States can also come to the aid of Airbus , and especially of its sub-contractors , by granting aid for research and for the training of these employees .
For years , I have been warning of managers who have lost touch with reality , such as Mr Forgeat , who , you will recall , walked away with suitcases full of millions of euros and who , for one , had no doubts about prices and deadlines .
Peace and security have to be worked at day in and day out , as will be illustrated once more by the debate that we will be having tomorrow morning with Mr Solana .
In so doing , you are setting an example that I am sure your successors will want to follow .
We are celebrating the 50th anniversary of the creation of the European Union , and , if we explained to our fellow citizens that the European Union is no longer concerned for one second with sport , they would be surprised .
Repeating it is not enough .
I hope , however , that the European Commission will take due note of these proposals , which are meant not only as a defence against the current excesses , but also as an instrument for promoting a fair and united European sporting model .
For technical reasons , you wished to examine two of these seven proposals in advance .
Firstly , not all of them have entered into force ; they are even taking a long time to do so .
Therefore , I believe that the Commissioner should be congratulated for having proposed to us this package of seven texts , which must remain a broad-based proposal from the Commission and the European Parliament to the Council , even though two of them are slightly ahead of their time .
I believe , ladies and gentlemen , that this is a text that does credit to the European Parliament and that drives the Member States into a corner .
Therefore , I am grateful once again to Mrs Vincenzi .
Turning now , Mr President , to Mr Savary 's proposal .
I now come to Mr Savary 's proposal .
A complete list of the amendments and of the Commission position regarding each of them will be passed on to the secretariat of Parliament for the two proposals in question .
Ladies and gentlemen , the choice is simple , after all .
Personal accountability for the Union 's operations is an important element of the activity-based budget approach .
The priority is to strengthen the accounting systems , to ensure the proper application of the tender procedures and internal control regulations and , finally , to make the recruitment procedures more transparent .
As far as alternative solutions are concerned , several options are possible .
The Council reached a partial general approach on this proposal on 21 April 2005 .
Mr President , first of all I should like to thank Mrs Barsi-Pataky for the support she has given to this programme , at the same time as being very vigilant , because she has always asked the right questions about it .
We are in the process of studying all that very carefully .
