I should also like to thank Mr Gahler , who has just added a number of thoughts on Lithuania , although I was here .
However , now is not the time to discuss how much progress has been made in resolving the problem of Kaliningrad or Ignalina or anything else .
It is to precisely these values that we have to respond .
Europa was Zeus 's consort .
The element of quality has always been present .
We need to put everything we have debated and grumbled about on occasion behind us and realise that we are defining a new perception .
And a word to the Greek Presidency , given that we all agree it is the element of civilisation that unites us in Europe .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the stands which have been taken are the best possible expression of the historic importance of this moment , which is why I do not think there is any need for me to add a single word to what everyone has said about enlargement and how important it is .
We are in the process of finalising the arrangements for the meeting .
I hope that it will indeed manage to get these political messages across .
Not because I am against the accession of the new members , but because the resolution does not mention material issues relating to enlargement : the promotion of an elitist policy in central and eastern European countries servile to the Americans ; the break-up of the public sector and of public property ; the enforced liberalism which creates social unhappiness ; the lack of significant Community resources to help these countries with the integration process ; the failure to organise referenda on enlargement in the Member States .
I voted against in the case of the Czech Republic because I find its overall stand on the issue of war with Iraq and on the question of the Bene ? decrees unacceptable .
Only multinationals and their representatives in the European Parliament have any reason to celebrate .
The workers - the people - do not need imperialist organisations to hammer out their common fight and will bar the way to the ruin they are leading them to by changing the course of mankind towards a future worthy of it , a socialist future .
We have no historic , moral , political or strategic right to refuse the freely and democratically formulated request of the ten nations to participate on an equal footing in the construction of this entity .
( Explanation of vote pursuant to Rule 137 of the Rules of Procedure )
The long-standing fight by all the Greek MEPs and many of their honourable friends has finally ended in success .
The second is the participation of Polish soldiers in the war against Iraq , in a show of servile pro-Americanism and highly insolent anti-Europeanism .
However , let us not dwell on Europe 's weaknesses .
This is not the only danger threatening global security and stability .
The method we use to handle threats to global security will determine our future as we build peace and safeguard a healthy economic environment and find convincing answers to global political , economic and even environmental problems .
I shall start by dealing with the current threats to security , stability and peace that have taken a very different form from the usual threats in the past .
To tell the truth , the ESDP mechanism was not designed from the start to cope with horizontal and irrational threats such as terrorism or the spread of weapons of mass destruction , which is why the mechanism needs to be carefully and gradually adapted to the present security environment .
We are paying particular attention to this issue and , within the framework of continuing the efforts made so far , there are plans to convene a conference of capabilities to evaluate and record progress made in applying the related action plan , the ?C?P , and deciding how to proceed .
The operational framework which will govern the formation and operation of rapid reaction units is being examined by the competent political and military bodies and we are making every effort to complete it by the end of the Greek Presidency .
Both these issues are very important steps towards strengthening cooperation in the defence sector .
It is clear from developments over the last decade that there are many common dangers and we need an equally coordinated , common response .
Without doubt , the component element of European security is the relationship between the European Union and NATO .
As I said earlier , ladies and gentlemen , these are both points noted in the Morillon report and aims of the presidency and that is why we are making an effort to promote them .
We have arrived at a crucial turning point .
This will allow the European Union to fortify its security and strengthen its foreign policy .
I am not a general and am not therefore in a position to judge ; I simply did my military service without even becoming a non-commissioned officer .
Can we ever accept paragraph 17 , which talks of the 'crisis prevention character ' of military action , when a preventive war is what Bush and Blair have waged in Iraq ?
In this sense , this is a useful debate .
The side which violated the principles of the Charter in the UN Security Council or the side which accepted and supported action under the auspices of the UN ?
The report by Mr Morillon and the older report by Mrs Lalumière express the anxieties and findings of the European Parliament .
However , they also express its political correlations .
Findings , findings , proposals , and when some decisions are taken , they drag their heels applying them .
Where does the programme of large heavy