a clear choice when they vote at the next parliamentary election : a choice between those who want to see a social Europe and those who merely want the EU to regulate the internal market .
A choice between right and left .
Our fellow MEPs from the Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party and , in particular , from the British Conservative Party , have re-tabled a series of amendments which would genuinely weaken the ambitions of this social action programme .
Europe does not deserve dogmatism , however .
In some cases , we need the open coordination method .
We must not , however , be afraid to use legislation if this is what is required for us to achieve our objectives .
This is the need to come up with a definite strategy for the working environment which would give us the opportunity to devise a coherent policy in this area .
Here , too , dogmatism is not the way forward but , rather , finding pragmatic solutions to real problems .
Mr President , I very much welcome the Commission ' s report .
It is a splendid piece of work that Commissioner Monti and his staff carried out last year .
In my report on the twenty-ninth report on the Commission ' s competition policy , I expended particular energy on the problems concerning mergers and the repayment of State aid .
Firstly because , in the course of last year , I was approached on a number of occasions by companies which have felt a certain degree of powerlessness in connection with rulings on mergers , especially in relation to those cases in which they have needed to appeal to the Court of First Instance against the Commission ' s ruling .
Let us begin , however , with mergers .
I also think the time is ripe for re-assessing whether the procedures and sets of rules we have at present are as good as they could be .
I think it is necessary for clear rules to be devised for what is called the relevant market .
It is especially important to put this distinction in place before enlargement , for it can be difficult for the smaller countries in the peripheral areas when companies wish to merge , because the latter quickly become large players in their own market .
I should therefore like to remind you that we do , of course , have existing rules to take care of those circumstances in which companies exploit their important and possibly dominant market positions .
We therefore need not perhaps be so afraid of mergers .
After all , it is not a crime for companies to merge .
I am thinking here , in particular , of those circumstances in which a company wishes to appeal against the Commission ' s ruling .
That is not good enough .
On the subject of mergers , I have two questions for you , Commissioner Monti .
For example , could there be a panel of independent experts during the second hearing so that it is not exclusively people from the Commission who assess individual merger cases ?
Might not a committee of experts or an expert tribunal , specialising in companies , be set up in the department of first instance at the court in Luxembourg ?
I would also take the opportunity of asking the Commissioner to explain why one of the most trusted merger specialists has left the Commission .
The other subject I raised in my report is that of State aid and the repayment of State aid which has been awarded unlawfully .
I make no secret of the fact that I feel very strongly about tightening up on the repayment of State aid which has been awarded unlawfully , especially since this is another area it is important to sort out before enlargement .
In the light of the latest development , I can appreciate why the Commission has , with good reason , adopted a harder line on South Korea .
I also want to take the opportunity to ask Commissioner Monti if and when a public , efficient and properly functioning register of State aid may be expected to be put in place and , in the same vein , when the long-promised scoreboard is to become a reality .
I should also like to thank my fellow MEPs in Committee for the splendid way in which they have cooperated in connection with my report .
Madam President , the Biarritz Summit was a breakthrough for reinforced cooperation .
There is no longer any need to take account of those countries in which referendums are required before sovereignty is handed over .
Any countries which vote against will sooner or later be pressurised into following suit .
The pattern is familiar from cooperation on issues of legal policy .
First of all , the pioneering countries implement a form of Schengen-style cooperation , and the legislation is subsequently transferred to all the countries .
They can have the legislation sent to them by fax without exercising any contributory influence .
Elites in all the countries are also joining forces against their own voters .
Reinforced cooperation is like an eel trap .
The Group for a Europe of Democracies and Diversities wants to see a freer and more flexible Europe in which there is no pressure to be a part of every development and which is characterised by democracy instead of regimentation : a Europe of democracies and diversity .
Mr President , it was splendid to hear the Commissioner ' s criticism of the Council when it comes to foreign policy .
Instead , the budget frameworks , - the so-called financial perspective - must be adjusted .
We cannot simply take all the money from other areas of foreign policy .
We have already this year exceeded the foreign policy budget by 400 million