I also agree that , where the scrapping of ships is concerned , significantly stricter international regulations are required , and that is an issue to which we need to return as quickly as possible .     Mr President , when we debate climate issues in this House , we are usually in complete agreement .
We usually agree that they are the greatest environmental problem of our time , and we usually agree that we must do more .
I fully support the rapporteur’s demand that Article 175 should be the legal base .
It may be objected that allowing them to do so might interfere with the internal market .
The same companies often wish to call themselves friends of the environment , or they maintain that they have modern environmental policies .
In the legislation , we must also , if possible , avoid confining ourselves to a particular technical solution just because , at precisely the time we legislate , it is the best in environmental terms .
I am , in actual fact , particularly glad that the Committee has supported having Article 175 as the legal base , something that quite a few speakers have already mentioned .
We in the Socialist Group in the European Parliament therefore support the rapporteur on this specific issue .
You are making the most common mistake of all among EU politicians .
In Sweden , we have managed to make some tough adjustments because of the security provided to us by forms of social protection .
The EU is like a football team .
Only then will there be a chance of winning the World Cup .     – Mr President , the Vaxholm case is another example of the great risks we run when we in this way allow our pluralistic Europe slowly to be squeezed out in our efforts to standardise .
Their own traditions and collective agreements etc must apply and should not be exposed to threat from action taken in Brussels .
We therefore absolutely reject any action that might be taken whereby it is the country of origin principle that is applied to these issues .     – Mr President , what was it really that Mr McCreevy said in Stockholm ?
If that is not bringing the Swedish collective agreement model into question , then I do not know what , in fact , is .
That is a race to the bottom , not a race to the top .
Is it more protectionist ?
The answer is no .
Spain and Portugal have got themselves up to the same levels as other Member States .
You have launched this debate on the social model by recommending that we have a race to the bottom by having different collective agreements in different countries , that is to say 25 different collective agreements .
It is therefore odd and quite tragic that , in country after country , the directive is now being used as a weapon in what is basically a debate characterised by protectionism and nationalism .
Nor does it threaten the Swedish model or the Swedish collective agreements .
How is it that there are no problems when Swedish construction workers travel to Germany and work for higher wages than in Sweden but for lower wages than those earned by German construction workers ?
To oppose the Services Directive for reasons to do with election tactics and to threaten to block it in the Council is an historic act of folly .     – Mr President , the Vaxholm conflict is a matter for the European Court of Justice .
In that case , it is good that we citizens , the Left and the trade union movement have now obtained proof that all the fine talk about social dialogue and the social dimension is just fancy words .
The Commission has shown which side it is on when it comes to working conditions etc .
We are a country that welcomes workers and service companies from other countries , but we can never accept discrimination and situations in which workers are pitted against workers .
We are flesh and blood people , and we shall defend our rights .
They lost , however .
That is almost nothing , but we have acquired a host of people who have been able to contribute tax income and labour to our country .
This is about neither the Services Directive nor Chinese wages .
This is the matter about which you are conducting an outright scare campaign , and one directed not only at the Services Directive but also , ultimately , at our new Member States in Central and Eastern Europe which have made the European Union richer .
These are two different issues , and negotiations with Azerbaijan concerning the above-mentioned air link must be conducted in another context .     This report involves weighing up internal market issues against environmental issues .
Because it constitutes a sensible compromise between environmental considerations and compliance with the rules of the internal market , we have chosen to support the line taken by the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Food Safety .
We have therefore voted against the report today , since we think that the financial perspective for 2007-2013 needs first to be clear .     Because the financial perspective for 2007-2013 has been rejected by the European Council , we think it too early now to debate the setting up of the ‘Active Youth ’ programme .
We question whether the programme really would go any substantial way towards achieving this objective .
These create genuine solidarity with , and understanding of , the world around us .
I cannot , however , vote in favour of the increase of EUR 200 million , proposed mainly because the share for Youth for Europe is being increased .
The June List is of the view that cultural policy should in principle be taken care of by the Member States