to weapons of mass destruction .
Russia confirmed the undertaking to withdraw , but observed that , since the negotiations for the resolution of the Transnistria crisis had made little headway , further endeavours would be needed .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , in conclusion , I think I can say that the Rome Summit was not altogether easy but it was an important moment in the consolidation of our overall relationship with the Russian Federation and enabled us to make progress in the creation of the four common spaces .
As for human rights , I would remind you that one need only download the images disseminated throughout the world by Osama bin Laden’s networks from the Internet to see the severed heads of Russian soldiers .
The press agencies still maintain that it was the Italian Prime Minister who raised the Chechen question .
Mr President , 3000 deaths since the beginning of the year , 300 people missing , 50 mass graves discovered and elections known to be a farce : this is the balance of the war in Chechnya , and a story of long-standing impunity : the Italian Presidency really ought to call President Putin to account over this .
What is at stake is the dignity of the dead and of those who are still alive in Chechnya , and the dignity of this Parliament and of the whole European Union and its citizens .
On the path we are treading to achieve this objective , I have noted and I appreciate the spirit of collaboration and the sincerity you have shown in your speeches , which highlight differing and critical positions on how to reach our destination .
Alongside this , there are a wealth of relationships to build , which should lead us to share with the countries in question mutually beneficial policies founded on a political and institutional dialogue that is backed up with appropriate instruments .
The institutional question is also addressed in the report .
This is the new concept of a ‘ring of friends ’ by which the Union offers , essentially , to share ‘everything but the institutions’ .
In January and February 2004 , a series of exploratory consultations will be held with the interested countries , on the basis of which by the end of spring 2004 the Commission will finalise the draft Action Plans for submission to the Council for Ukraine , Moldova , Morocco , Tunisia , Jordan , and Israel .
A short time ago , I was talking to some Polish colleagues who have been pursuing this policy in the Warsaw parliament .
In line with these guidelines , the Commission established contacts with all the relevant actors , including regional organisations and associations and representatives of the private sector , with a view to preparing a working document on the new Action Plan .
Special consideration will be given to regions with specific needs , such as Kaliningrad and the Arctic region .
I am not in a position to reply in detail regarding these further points .
It is enough to mention the Möllemann case  – in which Eurojust was involved , with data exchange – of a German Liberal representative who committed suicide precisely whilst a police and judicial operation was under way involving several Member States .
The Member States should become party to the agreement on the privileges and immunity of the Court and ensure that national implementing legislation is enforced .
They should also refrain from making statements expressing reservations that are permitted under Article 120 of the Rome Statute .
I would refer you , in particular , to the Union guidelines annexed to the Council conclusions of 30 September 2002 , in which the Council confirmed that , according to the current wording , signing bilateral agreements with the United States would be incompatible with the obligations that the Statute of the International Criminal Court imposes on States Parties , as it could also be incompatible with other international agreements to which the said countries are also States Parties .
I must say , moreover , as an aside , that , just yesterday , in the meeting held between the General Affairs and External Relations Council and the US Secretary of State , Mr Colin Powell we were able to raise this issue as well and to discuss it directly with him .
I can tell you that on this matter there has already been , as I had occasion to mention just now , an exchange of opinions during yesterday’s lunch and during the Troikameeting I therefore believe that such an issue could also be resumed in light of the commitments made publicly by Colin Powell when replying in a press conference to a journalist , to the effect that , on his return to the US , he would look into the issue further and attempt to remedy any difficult situations .
The EU relationship with those who take steps to the contrary will be inevitably affected by such behaviour .
I am not in a position to go into details on what measures might be adopted where there is non-compliance with what the European Union has called for ; I can only say that the policy and the will are there .
Leaving aside the issue of whether certain fisheries activities carried out with fishing vessels not exceeding 400 GT are sufficiently profitable , it must be stressed that the Council regulation does not allow for construction aid , for the types of shipping vessels that you mentioned , Mr Ortuondo Larrea , equal to that laid down for shipping vessels under 400 GT.
If necessary , I will make a further investigation but , as I understand the situation at present , I can only confirm what I have already said .     The Council is very concerned about the situation in Chechnya , in particular as regards human rights , and it regularly stresses the need for a genuine reconciliation in its meetings with the Russian authorities .
