possible , relinquish what is of less importance .
I think that the Council ' s proposal is acceptable because an evaluation will take place within four or five years .
Where this is concerned , I take the view that we should try to get away from an arrangement whereby the Member States themselves are directly involved in determining the fine detail of implementation .
They should be involved , and determine the framework and rules , but leave it to the Commission to implement the actual project .
Might I just ask for one more thing ?
Mr President , anyone who has witnessed the environmental consequences of the Erika disaster cannot reasonably vote against a report , the aim of which is to ensure that ship-generated waste oil is taken care of .
The aim of both is to prevent discharges into the sea .
The Baltic is also more vulnerable from an environmental point of view than many other seas .
Finally , a word in the ear of those who , for financial reasons , are still hesitant : think what the alternative cost of cleaning up our seas would be .
Mr President of the Commission , when you entered upon your duties , you said that the Commission would be characterised by openness .
I hope that Mr Prodi is listening .
That seminar was , in fact , organised by the European Federation of Journalists and by MEPs Lööw , Thors , Hautala and others , but the proposal which was discussed there had nothing to do with the current proposal , which has been prepared very much in secret .
Mr President , I put an extremely topical and extremely precise question to the President of the Commission about his view of the relationship between freedom of expression and responsibility for cooperating loyally with the institutions .
In this area there is no need for harmonisation at EU level .
Instead , the previous system can be retained .
The alternative , that is to say of prohibiting other vegetable fats , means also prohibiting a large quantity of chocolate products which people like and are used to eating .
For one thing , other tropical fats such as shea butter would be treated unfairly , and certain countries would in that way suffer .
Neither Scandinavian , Belgian nor British chocolate is dangerous .
Where is the benefit in that for the Third World ?
Rather , we shall leave it to the individual consumer to judge which kind tastes best and is of the highest quality .
If we direct developments in such a way as to create a situation in which there is only the one tradition of chocolate manufacture within the EU , cocoa-producing countries will be in danger of losing out since there would be a great risk of total chocolate consumption within the EU appreciably decreasing .
The chocolate war has been raging within the EU for 25 years .
We ought therefore to adhere precisely to the common position .
Through the common position , the free movement of cocoa and chocolate products was introduced , but with strict conditions governing production and consumer information .
The presence of these substances must be indicated separately but in the same area of the packaging as the product name and list of ingredients .
Consumers will then be able to choose and to distinguish these products from those which are manufactured exclusively from cocoa .
Any change would seriously upset the balance of the agreement which the Council has agreed upon and would be doomed to fail .
The second amendment may nonetheless be approved in principle .
This hails back to the 1970s and is very incomplete , especially when it comes to labelling and consumer information .
So is the American Constitution , namely upon our fundamental European rights and the ideas of John Locke and the French Revolution .
The assets we have as Europeans in the form of cultural differences are easier to maintain and to accept if citizens know that they can claim their rights throughout the Union .
I want to warn against joining the Council of Europe ' s convention , especially if this step were not to be combined with a binding Charter .
It should not be divided into two or contain a whole lot of references .
I am therefore pleased that my amendment concerning human dignity - unique to each person , yet common to all and inviolable - obtained support in the Committee on Constitutional Affairs , for we must establish a common view of human beings as the effective basis for the EU' s urgent , global fight against the death penalty , its struggle on the side of life and also its fight against torture , against the sex trade and against sexual exploitation .
This statement totally conflicts with the UN' s and the Council of Europe ' s fundamental human rights charters concerning the rights of the family .
I find it extremely commendable that the Commission too considers that blood alcohol levels must be kept low among drivers , for safety and alcohol do not go together .
We know from the experience of countries which have low upper limits that this is a way of reducing the number of deaths and serious accidents .
I think that the Council ' s position is fairly commendable , and I am also satisfied with the amendments from the committee and from Mr Schnellhardt .
It is about getting the consumer to look for and to choose eco-labelled products .
If you would allow me to make a point of order ...
Happily , all these changes are , on the whole , improvements .
It is therefore especially important that the idea of prohibiting national eco-labels has been abandoned .
Our experience shows that the labels would , in that way , be given greater credibility