Mr President , these criteria exist , and you have cast them aside , perhaps because they were too limiting , too troublesome .
A deficit caused by consumer spending should not be considered as being identical to one resulting from productive investment , from investment in the future .
We recommend a horizontal approach to all environmental policy , as already set out in the Treaty and in the draft Constitution .
At its meeting on 11 October 2004 , the Council invited Libya to make a positive response to the European Union’s proposed policy of engagement .
I very much support what the Council has said and would ask it to continue to pressurise the Libyan Government to come to its senses , to release these people and to become a normal part of the international community .     Mr President , I think there is little to add to my previous comments and to the various points raised by Members of Parliament .
The Council , in its conclusions of 21 February , stressed that Kosovo must not revert to the pre-1999 situation .
We are conscious that the issue is highly complex and difficult ; it must be the subject of negotiations to be entered into at the appropriate time .
With regard to the regularisation process implemented by the Spanish Government and to which the question refers , the Council has not debated it formally and is not therefore in a position to respond .
We must combat illegal immigration , but also the opportunities for employing workers illegally and clandestinely .
I think that the action we have in part taken against hooligans must also be extended to all expressions of racism , which are now tending to become more frequent on the margins of sporting events , particularly of football matches .     .
The message sent by the US President was twofold , firstly that the time for diplomacy has arrived , and secondly that Europe , and particularly the European Union , is considered to be an important partner .
There is continuous contact on all subjects , at all levels , not only between the Ministers for Foreign Affairs , but also between the Ministers for Justice , focussing on the fight against crime and terrorism .
You are well aware that there is coordination between the services , amongst other things for combating terrorism and organised crime , against which the networks are also joined .
The Council would also draw the honourable Member 's attention to the fact that it is the Commission 's responsibility to ensure that Council Regulation No 1260/99 of 21 June 1999 laying down general provisions on the Structural Funds , as amended by the Council on 24 January 2005 to extend the duration of the Peace programme , is properly implemented , in view of the fact that responsibility for managing these funds is split between the European Commission and the governments of the Member States , on the basis of a close partnership .     I have no reason to believe that Community law has been infringed , and I assume that the rules regarding provision of information and supervision have been complied with .     .
Madam President , the European Council established in June 2000 that all the countries in the Western Balkans were potential candidates for accession to the European Union .
I do not actually have any information , either from Europol and I would add that Europol is not an investigative body , as you know or from Interpol , but reports sent to us by the prosecutor of the Hague tribunal show that , in any event , the person in question , General Ante Gotovina , did pass through Croatia .
Moreover , we would like to have assessments and figures and to know the results of this practical experience .
This is what is said in the important point 8 of our resolution , which our group strongly supports .
No, the figure comes from the Commission , which has estimated the costs of managing Natura 2000 as at least EUR 6.1 billion per year .
We call for this fund to be implemented as part of the new LIFE + instrument , because we cannot talk constantly about biodiversity within the framework of sustainable development and at the same time dangerously compromise those few financial instruments that make it possible to act to promote biodiversity .     Mr President , Commissioner , Mr Fruteau , I shall be very brief , because I am anxious to give my friend Mr Fruteau , who has written the report , the speaking time which he needs .
This large majority demonstrates the degree of equilibrium which we achieved and which takes into account the opinions of most of the political groups and nationalities represented in this House .
Yet who will profit from this reform ?
At the request of Mr Verges , our group would like the Commission to undertake to submit to Parliament a study of the impact , particularly the social impact , on the real situation of the outlying regions .
My colleagues are also wrong about farmers , because their proposal would not provide certainty for farmers and would give them false expectations of the support they can expect in the future .
Consequently , we believe that major investments need to be made , in particular to make the specifications for different products in different Member States more consistent and more precise , and to make better use of rural development funds by defining much more clearly the share which is assigned to organic farming .
Now we cannot even eat Golden Delicious apples any more .
Did you know that , in 2002 , this violence was covered by an amnesty , while there is no amnesty for the mistreatment of animals ?
It is a disastrous signal from 307 Members to couples waiting for the gift