In addition , we are seeing that this decision is provoking many reactions throughout the world , and rightly so .
Madam President , since nuclear testing was resumed on Mururoa under the aegis of the French President Mr Chirac , it was of course to be expected that such conduct would be copied by countries in Asia and elsewhere .
I extend my good wishes to the Council , that it may be able to proceed with the speed and effectiveness hoped for in the Tindemans report , to respond well to these matters , and thus to play an acceptable and respected role on the world stage .
Secondly , I believe that , if we are talking about both encouragement and sanctions , we will have to be careful as far as sanctions are concerned .
I think it would be very useful if , on this point , we were to try , as part of common policy , to give some proper direction to the difficult but real potential of the Albanians from Kosovo who are with us .
Mrs Mann has already mentioned this a short while ago .
What is the Commission 's position on VAT levies on the Internet ?
Then we see , for instance , that the software and services sector has an annual growth of about 10 % .
This growth means 50 000 jobs in Europe every year .
The supervision of the implementation of the EU directives for data protection which will have to be transformed into national legislation by October this year must therefore be carried out carefully .
For small and medium-sized enterprises , Mr President , electronic commerce offers big opportunities .
What happens to electronic money ?
But everyone knows that we will not get much further with this Charter if it is not accepted by the United States .
Sometimes it is a bit difficult , at least for semi-literates like me .
These preconditions include consumer confidence in the security of the medium , which is extremely important , for example , with regard to money transactions .
We must start by establishing our own position on the Internet and that is why I think it necessary to dissuade the Member States from taking action which will be damaging to the creation of a uniform European system in the long term .
This is good news for the consumer , of course , particularly if the service also improves at the same time .
I would welcome an annual report from the Commission to the European Parliament .
In addition , in some Member States the new number has been introduced alongside the old number .
In conclusion it remains for me to say that my group would be glad to agree with the common position supplemented by the amendments .
At the same time we must ensure the Treaties are changed , and give our support to this , before a number of new Member States join .
Mr President , congratulations !
The Commission understands this , and the executive board of the European Central Bank seem to understand this too .
This is no longer acceptable in 1998-40 years after the signature of the Euratom Treaty .
This Parliament 's Committee on Budgets , and latterly also the Committee on Culture , Youth , Education and the Media , have made efforts over the past few years to improve the information policy .
In my opinion , this policy has focused too much - and sometimes still does - on demonstrating the merits of the respective institutions , and not enough on the citizens ' need for information .
The fifth point is to improve the quality of information , partly by employing modern communication techniques , an improved audiovisual service , and the proper use of electronic information technology .
The organization of common activities of both institutions requires special attention .
The advantage of this approach is that we will be able to start implementing the new policy tomorrow .
I would like to conclude by thanking my committee and my colleagues for all the work which has been done .
Nonetheless , these models are very appropriate , as the focus is on employing a number of resources extremely efficiently .
But you were entirely decent and proper , you also helped to spread these ideas , and you accepted it all .
That is just as important to us , and we would like to respond to this Parliament 's administration and a number of people who think that what should be done is to respond defensively to negative and incomplete reporting of this Parliament - that the response should be made via a 'fiche d'alerte ' system , or whatever .
I would like to ask you to explain clearly why Mr Pex 's report was still not ready for distribution last Friday , and why the amendments were not available until yesterday .
The report rightly points out how inadequate information about the Union 's policy is .
Of course , it remains to be seen whether , as a result of openness in European decision making , the citizens will indeed be convinced of these benefits .
One of the major reasons seems to be a lack of communication with Brussels and Strasbourg and a lack of information about targets and means by the European Institutions ' .
Mr President , the European Parliament is not very successful in its information policy .
Consider this Parliament 's buildings policy , or the fact that we have to meet in more than one assembly .
Especially if you know that the cause is the ceasefire which has not been declared by the governing party , let alone by the resistance movement in the south .
In other