Money cannot be made from a small number of copies .
They do not sell it like drawing pins or computers but have a complex , inscrutable , and even precariously erotic relationship with it .
That is part of democracy .
They will be exclusive and more expensive than they are today !
Mr President , Mr President of the Commission , you had two thousand permanent posts still unfilled at the beginning of 1998 , so it was not because of the lack of posts that you were not able to keep checks .
It is therefore due to the activities of our own departments that we are now in this situation which certain MEPs are criticising .
You are now destroying all the work the Commission has done up to now to combat fraud .
No subject of any importance was omitted , in point of fact .
Deregulation has become a kind of pseudo-religious commandment .
We have achieved much with the Amsterdam Treaty .
But now I hear rumours that the Council is in favour in principle but cannot agree on names , and that once again it is shying away from the decision actually to appoint a high representative .
It is pursuing the right course in focusing on employment policy , but this needs to be implemented more efficiently .
But it would be a good idea if the somewhat unspeakable way in which these matters are discussed in the UK, whipped up by sections of the press , were to come to an end , with the help of all the institutions and also of all the Members .
We must now respond to its efforts .
He has drawn some very necessary conclusions and given clear reasons for them , which is why his report and the motion for a resolution deserve our full support .
Mr President , the European Union has given the applicant countries a very thorough examination .
It is important because we are making it clear that the EU is considering not six , but eleven applicant countries with great interest .
However , we should not allow the excellent report by Mr Swoboda , which could provide guidelines for our partnership strategy , to be swamped by the reactions to the issue of the handing-over of the Kurdish leader Mr Ocalan .
I would be in favour of developing a special relationship with Turkey .
The Members who are elected for the first time next June will receive the average salary , which will be compulsory for all new Members .
A Member of Parliament is an independent political player who is accountable to his or her electorate and to the European Union .
That is the political rationale of this proposal .
From where can we draw the strength we need for this step on the road to Europe ?
In this respect too , I have to conclude that we do not really want to solve the problem but only to rid ourselves of it .
The Commission must play its special prominent role .
We have become painfully aware of the pitfalls of solving crises without the proper involvement of the affected regions in the decision-making process .
Private and institutional investors are running ever greater risks in the quest for maximised returns .
Mr President , the world economy is undoubtedly caught up in a significant crisis .
Thirdly , we need reforms in the context of the national finance markets .
Could you please acknowledge it now ?
I pointed that out before the vote .
Mr President , there is no contradiction here , because the entire system is a transitional regime .
I wanted to ask this question because some staff are sitting in Members ' seats among the ranks of the non-attached over here .
Let me illustrate that with just one example .
Mr President , I should like to tell Mr Colom i Naval that I do indeed know how to lose .
There is a further ECU 100 m for the European Social Fund , ECU 150 m for Section I , the European Parliament , and the ECU 400 m that you mentioned a moment ago for emergency food aid to Russia .
However , as a legislative authority it was not acceptable to Parliament that the Council alone was to vote and decide on possible changes .
I am fully confident that the Commission and the Commissioner can save this amount through good , streamlined and efficient management in their area , and will not insist upon taking it away from research .
For that I thank you very much indeed !
We welcome this and shall support the Commission in the process .
Once again , thank you very much .
This becomes even more important as more countries participate in the fifth framework research programme .
Once again , I thank the Commission very much indeed .
We in Parliament have worked together very well and in the right way , and in this regard I would like to express my great thanks to the rapporteur , the chairman of the delegation to the Conciliation Committee and other colleagues .
It did not even have to do with making savings , as the money withheld from research now flows into other areas of internal policy .
Most significantly , the number of employees and firms in the EU has risen considerably in 1996 and 1997 , by over 40 % .
If there are 125 priorities , that means that there must be other , non-priority , projects .
Thirdly , in committee we laid down some conditions for selecting the companies to be funded , and I would ask the Commission to accept these .
It is however more relevant than ever , because of course our social development is moulded by many different factors , together making up what we call