We were pleased to find out about the intention to involve the European Parliament more effectively in the preparations of the spring meeting and the Lisbon strategy .
That is where our strength lies compared to other economic blocs , including the US and China which also work as unities .
This is where decisiveness , on the part of Europe and of the Member States , is an absolute must .     .
We are working on better decision-making .
Subsequently , the subject of what is meant by QMV , Qualified Majority Voting , has also been raised .
This is exactly how we want to build on freedom and a peaceful society .
There is a European action plan against terrorism that was laid down in the European Council of March , which contains a section on solidarity with victims of terrorism .
In that context , I would also refer to Mr Kok’s report , the report of the Employment Task Force , that was discussed some time ago .
In the European Council , Mr Kok maintains that we need growth precisely in order to retain the European social model .
He states that different Member States boast innovation platforms and that those should , where possible , join forces .
I agree with you that there , too , the European Parliament can play an important role .
The Constitution was also mentioned .
Mr Knapman raised the possible issues that could arise when the referendums and decisions made at Member State level have a negative outcome .
Finally , different remarks have been made about external relations , foreign policy and the concern that exists about various developments in the world .
I hope and trust that this will be a clear message in support of the Iraqi interim government , together with democracy , freedom , security and justice in Iraq .
In this respect , we will not be considering who will win the elections , but the way in which those elections are being held .
By doing this , the VVD delegation in the European Parliament is not voting against the environment , but it fails to see how this amendment offers any additional environmental benefit , it being unclear , in the case of single-use packaging being refilled , what costs are incurred for such things as extra transport , use of cleaning products and the associated water pollution .
The division will therefore continue to be in place for the time being .
We are in any case bound by the provisions of the Treaty .
For us , it means that we sort out asylum and immigration policy and do so in a humane manner .
Through , , the united stance of my own group , it became apparent that the European Parliament was prepared , and able , to make the best possible use of the options available to it to get Mr Barroso to make the necessary adjustments to the Commission he had presented .
The hearings we have had this week with the candidate Commissioners have indicated that , in terms of quality , the Commission has been improved by this .
We are prepared to take upon ourselves responsibility for the future policy of the European Union .
Moreover , she has now for the first time admitted that , ten years ago , she sent a secret letter with the aim of enabling an associated business to get a share in a transaction conducted by the Dutch export consortium she chaired .
On the one hand , the Member States allowed him little or no discretion in the choice of Commissioners ; on the other , Parliament treats this matter as if he really did have a free choice .
We must not become a .
Mr Barroso , your Commission has outstanding ambitions in the field of economic regeneration and the combating of discrimination .
I have always made it clear that the European Parliament does of course have every right – and , indeed , the duty – to set out a position as regards the new Commission and its members .
Madam President , the Council is well aware of the specific case referred to by the honourable Member , namely that of Mr Abdelkadar Bouchama , whose family has heard nothing from him since he was arrested on 18 May 1994 .
When the agreement enters into force , it will enable the European Union to bring more focused pressure to bear on Algeria in connection with respect for human rights in general , and , more specifically , with regard to disappearances .     .
After all , this vote cannot be seen in isolation from the injustice done to Mr Buttiglione , particularly as he was loyal to the Treaty .
She disappeared from the Dutch political scene fifteen years ago and has since , on a number of occasions , been the subject of adverse news coverage because of her previous actions as minister and her subsequent conduct as a businesswoman .
We will not renounce our true European ideals .
The new Commission intends to force through Turkey’s accession at all costs , against the will of the overwhelming majority of Europeans .
The problems are only growing if what the government terms as separatism is being punished with the death penalty or with a suspended death penalty .
Firstly , general freedom of religion is enshrined in the Eritrean constitution .
The reason for the political crisis in Ukraine is the violation of democracy .
There is , however , a greater challenge yet , for this political crisis does not stand on its own .
The situation in that country is tense , though , and we would call on both the opposition and the authorities to preserve the non-violent nature of the actions and to prevent the situation from