the Committee on Women 's Rights , when it prepared this report , examined the Court 's judgments in great detail .
Judging by what the Commissioner has said this evening , the Commission has grasped the basic objective of our work : the strengthening and clarification from the legal point of view of the fundamental elements of this proposal for a directive : that is to say the definition of discrimination , the burden of proof and the retention of Article 5 , which relates to procedures , in other words the three elements which form the substance of the proposal .
Madam President , it was n't just a question of making a statement on the matter in hand but also , possibly , asking for the quorum to be checked .
Mr President , the political and economic evolution of Belarus is certainly a cause for concern - particularly since the last referendum on the new constitution was held in November .
If the European Union considers , finally , that the Belarus response is satisfactory , the Commission will examine ways of supporting activities and initiatives to help the Belarus authorities to redress the economic and political situation .
The negotiations are under way today .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , hiding in the forests of Zaire are hundreds of thousands of refugees , cut off from any hope of access even to the most basic humanitarian aid .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , how many resolutions have already been adopted , not just in this House but in other international institutions too , and how many more will be needed before we see the distant prospect of an end to the crisis in Zaire ?
We therefore call upon Mr Kabila to allow the refugees access to the supply depots , where they will be able to receive the necessary humanitarian aid ; and we also ask that the NGOs in the country should have the necessary power and freedom of movement to assist the refugees still scattered throughout its territory .
Faced with this situation , I believe the time has come to make a few unambiguous statements .
Finally , on the political aspect , I believe that the only solution to the crisis in Zaire lies through dialogue and direct negotiation between the government in Kinshasa and the democratic alliance for the liberation of Congo-Zaire .
In a second phase the political dialogue should be extended to the external agents who caused the military conflict in Zaire .
Madam President , this is a small point of order .
I have been impolite , but I would stress that it is unjust to level this criticism at the Eruopean Commisison .
Alleanza Nazionale will therefore give its support to the motion for a resolution .
These problems are similar to the ones the Commission is encountering in the activities it is attempting to conduct in the north of the island , activities which are being impeded by the kind of conditions demanded by the de facto authorities in the region .
Through its aid programmes and the TACIS Democracy programme , and in particular the LIEN programme , the Commission is financing various projects to improve the humanitarian situation in Russia .
Jointly with the Council of Europe the Commission is funding a series of projects destined to provide assistance to Russia so that it can fulfil the undertakings it made when it became a member of the Council of Europe .
This charge would in addition clearly infringe the freedom of movement of persons covered by the Dayton agreements .
We should not be surprised either that this phenomenon is occurring because it is the first time that this country is taking steps towards democratic normalisation .
We hope , therefore , that 40 observers from the European Union will be present during the election process .
The terms are : first , a new macro-financial loan from the Union for an amount of ECU 250 million .
This determination will , we hope , be ratified after the general elections on 19 April .
Mr President , on behalf of the UPE Group I should like to congratulate the rapporteur , Mrs Fontaine , for her efforts .
In all these areas much certainly remains to be done from the practical standpoint .
Has Europe , then , lost that spirit which , over the centuries , established its great universities as the temples of world knowledge if , today , it is unable to recognize the universal nature of the knowledge imparted in the Community 's seats of learning ?
( ES ) Mr President , first of all I would like to congratulate the Committee on Legal Affairs and in particular the rapporteur , Mrs Fontaine , for the quality of her report and also for the interest she has always personally shown in the recognition of diplomas , something which is of fundamental importance for the citizens of Europe who wish to exercise their right to freedom of movement .
What are these problems ?
Given the importance of the relationship of trust , it is preferable that the system progress by means of relations of trust between the Member States rather than the Commission having to systematically solve problems of interpretation of the directive by means of infringement procedures and resort to the Court of Justice .
Lastly , I would like to thank you and all the other Members who spoke and who highlighted the importance of this issue .
And in my view your vision is too poetic , at least at the moment .
However , as we are aware , market forces alone cannot solve the problems of the poorest and most remote countries ; on the contrary , they often tend to widen the gulf between the richest and poorest areas of the world