Within this framework , the recent Commission communication on stronger economic coordination is certainly a move in the right direction , but we should not forget that our basic objective is the stable and viable recovery of the European economy and that is why we need a framework of economic governance which focuses not solely on the pillar of financial restructuring , but also on protecting employment and on growth and social cohesion .
We have now just about managed to bring the Council round to Parliament 's initial positions , and we have before us a piece of legislation which protects both European citizens and European producers .
We have also managed , when each operator examines if timber is legal , to include legislation on biodiversity and numerous other matters .
As is the fact that the concept of negligible risk has been retained , thereby opening a back door to certain activities which do not need to comply with the procedures provided for in the legislation .
I also voted in favour in order to support the fact that foods for which production processes have been applied that require special risk evaluation methods ( for example , foods processed using nanotechnologies ) should not be marketed until such time as these special methods have been approved for use and it has been proven by appropriate safety assessments based on these methods that the said foods are safe to use .
The multinationals are competing by pushing unsafe scientific technologies on to the markets .
These characteristics are as follows : a ) independence from the political powers ; these bodies will not report to the political authorities of the Member States and their remit will remain narrowly defined and far removed from any concept of democratic control ; b ) citizens are absent from the decision-making centres ; social groups such as workers and consumers will not be represented in these independent authorities , only the private sector ; c ) the configuration and modus operandi of these bodies increases the fragmentation of political and supervisory powers , creating a dichotomy between monetary policy , which is exercised by the ECB , and financial policy , which is exercised by the Member States within the stranglehold of the Stability Pact .
By contrast , if we are to have a Europe of social cohesion and solidarity , the Stability Pact urgently needs to be repealed , the ESF needs to be put under political , parliamentary control and the Community budget needs to be increased , in order to support the workers , pensions , farmers and the unemployed and promote real viable growth .
Today 's crisis is already incubating the next capitalist crisis and it bodes worse .
The capitalist crisis and the anti-grassroots attack being unleashed by capital on the workers throughout the EU demonstrate all the more clearly the nature and character of the EU.
I feel satisfied that , on most counts , the Commission 's perception is in keeping with that of the European Parliament which , I hope , will vote tomorrow in favour of the resolution .
Secondly , progress towards accession on the part of Albania and other countries ( in this particular case , Albania ) may , under certain terms and conditions , also act as an incentive for addressing numerous problems which beset Albania from the point of view of democratic cohesion .
My comment on this ( we all know about the impasse ) is this : I do not think that we can resolve it with excessive outside intervention , often perhaps with party political affiliations , unless the political powers themselves are persuaded ( and this was where we focused all our efforts ) that a solution to these problems would give them the opportunity to focus attention on the problems , on the criteria for progress towards their country 's accession .
Mr President , as regards the Mercosur countries , I would highlight the large deficit trade balance against the European Union in the agricultural product sector .
Also , does Argentina 's stance raise questions of the incompatibility of its measures with the rules and obligations of the World Trade Organisation ?
Can the Commission assure us that import prices will be maintained in the fruit and vegetable sector ?
We voted against this disgraceful terror agreement , which provides personal data on every inhabitant of the EU to the US secret services within the framework of 'anti-terrorism collaboration ' .
Moreover , it plays a leading part in the institutionalisation of a legislative framework of state terrorism and repression which puts a stranglehold on democratic rights and grassroots freedoms .
I voted against the report on the transfer of bank details by the European Union to America , for the same reasons that I and my group opposed the previous attempt to impose this agreement , despite any 'technical ' improvements made by the report .
This is a very important agreement which aims to stamp out terrorism and organised crime by combating illegal financing .
The European Parliament , Commission and Council therefore have a duty to proceed immediately with the implementation of this commitment , so that Europe has even better tools to protect the security of its citizens in the immediate future .
It gives the EU the right to engage in military and civil intervention on the pretext of fighting terrorism , even inside the Member States .
We condemn the unacceptable , furtive procedure followed by the representatives of the European Parliament , the Commission , the Presidency and the High Representative and Vice-President of the Commission to conceal the worsening antagonism and opposition between the major imperialist powers .
It should design policies and bodies which will safeguard an autonomous and peaceful role in international relations , far removed from US military opportunism and intervention .
This resolution attempts to prejudice the ruling by the