how to introduce flexibility into the budget rules honourably , without resorting to opportunistic or artful means .
The challenges of globalisation really do not leave us much time any more .     – Mr President , President of the Commission , ladies and gentlemen , the stalemate that has been created in recent days over the review of the Stability and Growth Pact shows that we have to learn how to manage flexibility .
The European Union has very clearly held out the prospect of a Mediterranean partnership to Libya .
We shall keep up our positive efforts with regard to Libya , which we consider an essential partner in the Mediterranean , and we shall work to improve the state of public services for the citizens – of which health is just one example – as a practical demonstration of how relations with Europe can be of real added value to Libya .     . – Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the Lisbon European Council of 2000 marks an important turning-point for European politics in general and for research and the knowledge-based society in particular .
Weighing up what has been done and outlining future prospects , I must underline the importance of having continuity between the sixth and seventh Framework Programmes .
That is the real mission of the European Research Council , which must be independent in its scientific evaluations , autonomous in its operation and adequately funded .
We want to see a greater presence of women at all levels , including the highest , and we also want gender research .
To conclude , I should like to touch briefly on thematic priorities , without going into the merits of individual arguments .
Even then , that is not enough .
Such a dialogue should lead to a more effective and fruitful transfer of technology .
This document highlights three key elements in the forthcoming Framework Programme for research , which are the European Research Council , the new priority thematic areas for research and the technological platforms .
It is pointless to think of changing the Stability Pact , which would just be a palliative measure , while the real cure is an economic and social development policy at European Union level .     – Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I am speaking on behalf of the New Italian Socialist Party .
Any economic effort made by the European Union and the Member States will in fact be in vain without suitable human capital .
I am not alluding to quality , since our universities and our graduates are already the best in the world , but I am referring to jobs : opportunities to do research and to earn money .
The first thought is that the Commission is trying to reconcile two great European values , which are the people’s right to security and the people’s right to have their freedoms and fundamental rights safeguarded .
As regards the initiative by the four Member States in relation to the first pillar , I have stated our intention of formulating an alternative proposal , because I am convinced that the legal basis on which those Member States have proceeded is incorrect .
You probably know that , during our talks , Canada agreed to start off with the push system , and I cherish a certain hope that the United States too , given a little persuasion , will come round to believing that it is the best system .     . – Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I apologise to the honourable Member , but I can only say that the Commissioner responsible , Mr Dimas , informed me that he would not be able to be present in the Chamber today because of personal commitments .
The communication looked at all possible options , including the establishment of a separate fund , and concluded that the most effective approach would be to integrate the funding of Natura 2000 into existing Community financial instruments .
Nevertheless , the Commission has proposed an element of ring-fencing that will assist the second axis of Natura 2000 in land management or rural development regulations .
On behalf of the Commission , I can assure you that financing Natura 2000 from existing funds will be made even more effective .
In that respect I can mention just a few examples .
That means making the necessary changes , while not losing sight of the essential aim of keeping the sector internationally competitive over the medium and long term .
We hope that today’s initiative is a turning point in tackling seriously the phenomenon of female genital mutilation , a phenomenon which has nothing whatsoever to do with the respect for the traditions and cultures of other nations , since barbarity is not culture .
In the meantime , a few days ago , the statement by the Saudi Foreign Minister was released , announcing that women would take part in the next elections .
Everyone we met emphasised the Saudi commitment to the fight against terrorism and religious fundamentalism , which , as we know , has found a disturbingly fertile breeding-ground in the country .
The rationale seems rather specious to me , and so we are in favour of keeping this item on the agenda .     . – Madam President , honourable Members , the Commission is obviously deeply committed to furthering a real , effective European area of justice , security and freedom .
These are all lines of action on which the Commission will be working from this year , 2005 , onwards , again with the idea that Europe can make a difference , in comparison with action by individual Member States .
We are thinking of doing the preparatory work by the beginning of 2006 , even before the Constitutional Treaty enters into force , an event that we fervently – very fervently – hope will happen .
