Whether by purchasing clean and economical official cars , refuse lorries , electronic equipment or investing in energy-efficient buildings , governments are ideally placed to address this problem .
When we talk about the fight against fraud , all we can do is to tighten the rules .
Although cigarette smuggling has been an issue for a very long time , we are making progress on all kinds of fronts .
What is the Commission ’s current position on this ?     .
Secondly , with regard to cigarette fraud , as Mr Mulder pointed out , Parliament is a driving force in addressing this issue , which , indeed , formed an important part of the enquiry committee on transit fraud .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , as the Commissioner has already indicated , there is indeed a great need for information and for better management of existing information flows .
The proposal relates to information needed to supervise the state of the environment , but also to improve on it , and can therefore benefit all policy measures that have a direct or indirect impact on the environment .
Secondly , current European and international legislation concerning intellectual rights of ownership remains in place .
The informal talks with Coreper have already clarified and crystallised a number of ideas for the future .
We could well end up with a lack of funds for the ordinary regions in Europe , which have countryside of their own .
Not only agriculture , but also natural landscape and tourist activities play their part in this development , and we must actively encourage new features , such as Information and Communication Technology ( ICT) for the sake of business innovation .
It is evident from all interventions that there is general agreement on the need for coordinated action to combat internationally organised crime and the means by which it is financed .
That is why the specific recommendations in this report , including the setting up of common frameworks for transnational investigations , developing a network for the structured exchange of information , improving cooperation with SUSTRANS and the drafting of minimum standards for the verification of customers ’ identities , receive our support .
That is another reason why the process of reaching them should be shrouded in such secrecy .
If the Council adopts it , Parliament should go to the Court of Justice .
Secondly , this is no time for a failure of nerve ; we have to call a spade a spade .
Upholding and promoting such important values as democracy , freedom , pluralism and human dignity is crucial in the fight against terrorism .
I wonder what specific problem that would solve .
Instead , as the Internet is indeed developing into by far the best means of communication for people who want to find out about terrorists and recruit them for others , we should get our security services to specialise in Internet participation , in reading and chatting on the Internet , in other words , to actively monitor what happens in that medium .
Again , in these areas , the Council should think twice about certain measures .
But I would add to those examples the case of the Dutch Parliament , which wanted to adopt a similar data retention measure .
Finally , I ask the European Parliament to show its colours .
We have talked a lot today about the protection of personal data and fundamental rights .
It is not crucial whether the percentage is 1 % or 1.07 % ; what matters is what the money is spent on and what the benefit is of regulating this at European level .
We want this to become a central concern in the policy .
Two obstacles remain .
I have one observation left to make with regard to the Council .
These are known as Commitments Outstanding and we consider it therefore vital that the N + 2 rule should remain in place .
My group has interpreted the ‘no’ in a very different way .
That is why we have tabled a resolution .     Mr President , I too should like to reiterate our thanks to Mr Böge , and I think it appropriate that his report mentions not only the EU’s expenses but also , in a number of paragraphs , the need for the revision of the own-resources decision ; unlike some other speakers , I take the view that it is completely undeserved that one country should be entitled to a correction mechanism every year , while that is not the case for other countries that are in the same situation .
Finally , there is one more point I should like to make about common foreign and security policy .
Only then will we be able to realise our ambitions .
With the enlarged European Union we are looking at completely new questions .
Fundamental rights are for all citizens , not just for some groups .
The way in which it is suggested in paragraph 22 that in the field of education , discrimination would be on grounds of religion , ignores the meaning of religious conviction for the identity of education .
We need to accept that Europe has become an immigration continent .
They should be enabled to participate fully in social , cultural and political life , whether by actual voting rights or mechanisms for representation .
That is how it is provided for in the Treaty , but the question is , of course , whether that is tenable in the long term .
This health care in the European Union is an exception to the rule that the European Union is often associated with the negative image of bureaucracy and drafting senseless and unnecessary rules .
It is , of course , practical to make joint arrangements about transnational treatments in border regions ,