the system of remuneration proposed by the Commission .
I would urge a majority of the House to vote in favour of the proposal , so as to allow the introduction of a satisfactory system before all the new assistants arrive to take up their positions in the newly-elected Parliament .
It is time to awaken from these illusions .
It is therefore necessary to stabilise the euro at a lower level .
Why is all this happening ?
This split is making it difficult to pursue a systematic and cohesive policy .
Convergence in policy is leading to inconsistency in the economy .
What we need is monetary cooperation with flexible exchange rates which can fend off the adverse effects of economic change in an orderly , agreed manner .
Under the Cuban Penal Code , it is possible for opposition politicians to be found guilty of so-called crimes such as lack of respect and hostile propaganda .
Cuba is under intense pressure from the USA , through a long-standing economic blockade and other forms of aggression .
But clearly none of these things can compensate for any restriction of the democratic rights of the Cuban people .
Madam President , when President Pastrana took office last year , many of us hoped that the protection of human rights in Colombia would greatly improve .
Of course we demand that the archives of the state intelligence service should be searched under international supervision .
I therefore expect the Council of Ministers to prepare a very forthright declaration on Colombia for the forthcoming UN meeting in Geneva .
Even though private supplementary insurance may be both right and important as an element in the adjustment of our social insurance systems , which are suffering under the strain of increasing numbers of elderly people in the population , it must not be allowed to undermine our common responsibility , with the result that we end up with different levels of health care - we hear shocking stories of such situations in countries like the USA .
A factor involved here is the need to bring down tax on labour , which is something that Mr Pronk also takes up .
The internal market has of course increased the need for cooperation and coordination in the field of social security .
We must however also remember that , when we speak of social convergence , it is a voluntary adjustment , a coordination of aims and strategies , which is required .
The resolve to devise a coherent plan to tackle this as soon as possible and to reduce the number of socially excluded and poor people in Europe is really something that we in the Green Group support .
There is no reason to harmonise them or to regulate them in detail at EU level .
But in that area the EU has failed !
I am not saying that it is the EU 's or anyone else 's fault , but I am saying that we have failed to solve the most serious social problem , which is hitting vulnerable groups unable to do much about that reality - children and unemployed people who have nothing to live on - particularly hard .
We now have 18 million unemployed and 50 million people in poverty .
Here too , the approach should be to give advice , direction and support to the Member States through common guidelines at EU level , but to leave the implementation of decisions to the national level .
I am pleased that the EU is willing to continue and strengthen the partnership we have had for a long time and which , let us hope , will continue for a long time to come .
Then we shall discover that India is a unique country .
I would like to comment on a few points here - I will not go through them all since Mrs André-Léonard has already raised many important points , which I of course entirely support .
If a solution is to be found to many of the problems present in the region , problems with Pakistan and the Kashmir question for example , regional cooperation is of the utmost importance .
I also think that India increasingly realises and understands that .
It sounded to me very much like the most stupid thing which India had done for a long time .
Clearly we urge India to sign and ratify the nuclear test ban and non-proliferation treaties , and of course also the ban on anti-personnel mines , as soon as possible .
Progress has also been made in recent times .
We have discussed freedom of religion in Parliament many times , most recently during the February part-session .
When we speak of human rights , we must not forget that India still has the death penalty , which is unworthy of a democracy .
We get repeated reports , from Amnesty International among others , that torture is going on in India .
Of course this is to impress upon India that it must make progress in resolving this matter .
Renewable energy resources show very great potential in India , especially where wind and solar energy are concerned .
That means 209 Members .
I have been an MEP for four years .
I therefore call for a count to establish whether there are 209 Members in the Chamber or not .
I readily concur with Mr von Habsburg 's description of the political situation in these countries - he knows it much better than I do .
After all the crises we have now had in the Commission , with fraud and mismanagement of resources , which have been discussed in this Chamber many times , not least in connection with matters involving reconstruction programmes , it is immensely important , indeed a condition , that resources for these programmes should actually be used for the intended purpose and that we achieve the results sought by the programme .
