Rights , Justice and Home Affairs , I rise to present Mrs Karamanou ' s report .
Mrs Karamanou is sadly unable to be with us tonight , but I feel it appropriate that her report should be debated along with Mr Marinho ' s excellent report , which we have just discussed .
The Republic of Portugal presented a draft Protocol amending Article 2 of the Convention on the establishment of a European Police Office , Europol .
This Portuguese initiative aims to extend Europol ' s competences in order to establish a general framework of competence for Europol in relation to money laundering .
The fight against money laundering is , of course , one of the Union ' s most important priorities , as rightly identified at the Tampere Summit last year .
Considering that money laundering is at the heart of organised crime , especially drug trafficking , which represents such a threat to public health and public security , one cannot but endorse this proposed measure .
Declarations must be followed by concrete steps to trace , freeze , seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime .
This proposed Protocol should be seen as a necessary measure in a European strategy for police cooperation in the field of money laundering .
But considering the urgency , our rapporteur seeks in her Amendment No 6 to have this Protocol adopted as quickly as possible that is , according to Article 34( 2 )( d ) of the Treaty on European Union , when a majority of Member States have notified their approvals .
The committee which I have the honour to chair adopted Mrs Karamanou ' s report nearly unanimously .
Much as we approved of the Portuguese initiative , however , we insist on a broader revision of the Europol Convention and indeed on mechanisms to ensure both democratic accountability and judicial control of Europol .
Let me touch briefly on those two matters .
On the question of democratic accountability , I note that at the moment Article 39 of the Europol Convention requires that the European Parliament simply be consulted on an annual report .
This is quite unacceptable and on several recent occasions , Parliament has requested , in particular in the Nassauer and Cederschiöld reports , modifications to the Europol Convention to ensure true democratic accountability of this agency .
In order for Parliament to exercise such democratic control , Europol must , as with the other European institutions such as the ECB and the Ombudsman , report on its activities in an annual exchange of views .
The Director of Europol should be required to appear before Parliament ' s competent committees when circumstances require .
Moreover , Parliament should be represented on the management board of Europol and should have a say in the choice of the director of the agency .
These requests are covered in Amendments Nos 2 and 4 of Mrs Karamanou ' s report .
On questions of judicial accountability , it seems to us equally unacceptable that possible disputes or conflicts between Member States or between Europol and Member States cannot be brought before the Court of Justice , despite the provisions of Article 35 of the Treaty which refer precisely to matters relating to police and judicial cooperation in criminal matters .
This contradiction conflicts with democratic values , particularly in regard to human rights , and especially in the field of data protection .
This lack of judicial accountability of Europol is particularly dangerous given that Europol seems to be assuming more and more responsibilities and this concern is covered in Mrs Karamanou ' s Amendment No 5 .
In conclusion , Parliament has considered attentively and positively this Portuguese initiative but we are unsatisfied with the limited scope of the proposed revision of the Europol Convention .
Faced with the challenge of internationally organised crime , the European Parliament must be able to represent the citizens of the Union effectively and this is why we must be fully informed of and involved in Europol ' s activities , its programmes , effectiveness , methods and means .
I am fully aware that in this matter Parliament is only consulted .
Nevertheless , we urge the French Presidency , which has shown such a determined commitment to fight against money laundering , to take account of our demands .
The creation of a European area of freedom , security and justice cannot remain in the hands of a specialised agency under the sole control of national governments .
This is a major area of European integration and the European Parliament is ready to offer its support to policies in this area provided it is duly involved .
I want to speak about the Karamanou report on Europol .
Everybody who has spoken agrees that it is a very valuable initiative and we support what it says .
However , as many speakers have said , there is not enough democratic control and accountability .
That is the main focus of the cross-party amendments which the Committee is putting forward .
We want to see parliamentary involvement in the appointments of the director , and by a majority vote because , when we have enlargement to 28 Member States , it will be very difficult to find everybody agreeing on the identity of the director .
It has to be by a majority vote - we propose two-thirds - and we also want parliamentary involvement in the dismissal of the director , if ever that becomes necessary , by a two-thirds vote as well .
We want parliamentary involvement in the management board .
We could enormously improve democratic accountability and control .
And we want the Court to be involved in disputes .
These things are in the amendments and , judging by the debate in the committee , I am very hopeful that Parliament will vote for them .
