posts from one Directorate-General to another ?     Mr President , Commissioner , I hope that this question about the Commission ’s administration will allow me the opportunity to ask a further question on a subject on which I have been contacted once again in recent years .
The Commission ’s administrative practice continues to display the regrettable feature that payment orders for scientific projects arrive far too late .
Researchers pay for their own travel and hotel costs , make their contribution , and may have to wait several months before the Commission pays the expenses and pays for the work done .
We had open and concrete discussions about the development of freedom , security and justice .
Some of my more critical colleagues said that surely the bicycle can be stopped safely , and you can even put your feet on the ground to support yourself .
Cooperation in the European Union is important for strengthening the security of our citizens , and at the same time we need to ensure that basic rights and freedoms are observed .
In this connection , the European Union’s ability to function , take speedy decisions and respond to changes in the operating environment is decisive .
The Finnish Presidency wants to promote the new Tampere spirit .
This also obviously applies to such sensitive issues as combating terrorism .
Discussions on a Council Regulation establishing the proposed Fundamental Rights Agency of the European Union have begun , and the work has now reached an important phase .
The Presidency particularly wants to focus on exploring the Agency’s competences under the third pillar .
To this end , we hope that the Member States will demonstrate flexibility , so that we might find a solution that satisfies everyone .
We were soon in a position to address the main concerns of the Member States and the European Parliament .
We aim to conclude the first reading of the proposal during the current six-month term .
The Schengen evaluation process launched at the beginning of this year has already made it possible to carry out comprehensive evaluations of police and visa cooperation in the new Member States , as well as data protection at land and sea borders and at airports .
The inspections arranged for this year are now well underway .
We will be reviewing the results in December and then deciding on further measures .
Measures and timetables relating to this must be examined openly and honestly in the light of the latest information .
I would like to thank Parliament’s rapporteur , Mr Coelho , for his tough but resolute approach to finding a joint solution .
At next week’s Council meeting , we will be discussing the new technical preparations timetable for the SIS II project and any realistic alternative solutions that we might have at our disposal .
We will do our utmost to expand the Schengen area as quickly as possible , with no compromises on security .
The Treaty already contains provisions on procedures to help assess interpretations of cases under Title IV of the Treaty or the legality or interpretation of acts adopted by the Community’s institutions .
This Friday the matter will be raised for the first time by the Court of Justice working party , and whether or not it will be discussed further will depend on the opinions expressed by the Member States there .
At the same time , we have to ensure that fundamental rights and freedoms are respected .
It was a very important addition to our debate .
I wish to stress that this debate does not go against the Constitutional Treaty : we want to emphasise specifically the importance of the Treaty in the development of an area based on freedom , security and justice .
In order for progress in legal and internal matters to be visible in public security as well , we need to ensure that these acts are fully integrated into the legal systems of the Member States .
In addition , several peer evaluation methods have been established for matters connected with organised crime and terrorism .
Finland trusts that the Protocol will enter into force by the end of the current year .
Soon at least eight Member States will have signed up to this Treaty .
The Council will continue its discussion on the Framework Decision on procedural rights on the basis of the Commission ’s initiative .
In June , the Council decided to continue its work on the basis of the compromise proposal put forward by the Presidency .
We are likewise aiming to bring to a conclusion the first reading of the proposal as regards its main content during the current six-month term .
The European Union has developed a joint policy on immigration , border control and asylum on the basis of the Tampere European Council and the Hague Programme .
Member States and their authoritative bodies are responsible for controlling their external borders and immigration and carrying out asylum-seeking procedures .
Recent events in the Canary Islands and the Mediterranean highlight the destiny that the countries of Europe share and the need for commitment on the part of all the Member States .
It is essential that the Union’s institutions – the European Parliament , the European Agency for the Management of Operational Co-operation at the External Borders of the Member States of the European Union ( Frontex ) , the Commission , and other competent bodies – act in a spirit of cooperation and coordination .
In connection with this , the Presidency presented its initiative on extended European solidarity at the meeting in Tampere .
Development aid from the European Union and the Member States is crucial to eliminating the reasons for illegal migration .
This will strengthen cooperation between the Member States and increase dialogue with the countries of Africa and cooperation in the Mediterranean region as a whole .
