Again and again colleagues stuck with it whenever there was pressure from the Council , and in the end , that gave us this success - as did the excellent cooperation you gave us , Commissioner .
I think it is very important that consumers will in future be able to have greater certainty that prices are telling the ecological truth and that consumers need not buy new hardware with every new software program .
All in all , I believe the discussion has been most worthwhile .
( Applause ) We have now reached a point that I would like to describe with the words of one of the greatest Europeans of our time , one who is , by the way , also important for the success of this enlargement process .
The Commission will look very carefully to see that all obligations are discharged , and , as promised , will draw up a final balance sheet on the state of preparations six months before the planned date of accession .
We will not have a political objective and already know what recommendation we will make , with the report then having to be framed accordingly .
I am no longer speaking for myself alone when I say that your presidency also demonstrates that countries that are not that large - this presidency 's great achievements make me disinclined to describe Denmark as a small country - can also do great things .
For that reason , though , we will also declare our refusal to be amenable to any pressure from the United States or anywhere else as far as the law is concerned , since the law is the foundation of our European community of values .
We will then get back to talking about the financial framework .
I see this as the wrong approach , and hope that Europeans , as Europeans , will insist on further discussion and a vote in the Council if the resolution is considered as not having been complied with .
Madam President , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , Mr President of the Commission , Commissioner , various aspects of the enlargement that lies before us are the subject of public debate , and one of them has to do with what the whole thing is costing .
There is the mysterious category X , which sounds like something menacing out of the X-Files or some such science fiction .
This is in the interests of the European Union as a whole and of its capacity to act even with 25 members .
The main thing , though , is that there are a number of governments that are far more restrictive than he wishes to be .
My last topic , one that I want to address briefly , is the need for us to resist all the attempts at blackmail that are being made even from within the European Union .
Let us put an end to transitional arrangements ; let us establish European rules and introduce the infrastructure costs directive in 2003 at the latest !
I think this House would do well to agree to that today and tomorrow .
The Prestige - as Mr Haarder will be aware - could also have broken up in the 'Kadettrinne ' , one of the most dangerous places in the Baltic Sea , the scene of innumerable accidents , near-accidents and ships being driven the wrong way .
You see , Mr President-in-Office , passing fine resolutions is no use at all .
Mr President , it was not only in this House that we experienced a very active , not to say pro-active , Council Presidency , but that is how it was perceived by the world at large .
We have therefore been campaigning in this House for a number of years already , for the legal basis for this to be enshrined in the Treaties .
I am very happy about this , and I very much hope that the Commission will respond to our concern by announcing a competition culminating in its victors being allowed to be present at the lighting of the Olympic flame in Olympia in 2004 .
For me , however , it all keeps coming back to the importance of asking what we mean by fair play , which is inseparable from sport .
If , as in this case , you gaze fixedly at the European Court of Justice in the same way that a rabbit gazes fixedly at a snake , you are not acting as if all options were available to you .
If we were actually to manage to at last make some progress with the legislation on local public transport , we would have done a substantial chunk of Parliament 's and the Council 's work .
Analyses and the demands for action resulting from them belong together .
Commissioner , there is such a thing as the Lisbon process , which speaks unambiguously in terms of the European Union having social cohesion as its objective .
I am sure that this is perfectly understandable in principle , but it always ends up being about questions of detail .
What do you mean by 'open' ?
Mr President , my voting buttons have malfunctioned .
In this respect , too , we are endeavouring to achieve tangible results in all areas , with women becoming better represented in all sectors , including in the social partners .
It has been a great success and I would like to thank them for having presented these wonderful regions in the South Tyrol and Upper Bavaria to us in such an excellent way !
So we are all the more dismayed now that at exactly the same time two people , Tenzin Delek and Lobsang Dhondup - a lama and one of his followers - were arrested and kept in solitary confinement for six or even