more secure and more open Europe requires genuine partnership with our partner countries .
These issues are important for Europe and for the future of our entire planet .
Next month , the European Council will assess the situation in the negotiations that will be going on simultaneously in order to take the decisions that are necessary to enable us to have a successful outcome in Copenhagen .
Mr President , my thanks to the group leaders for their very inspiring contributions .
Like Mr Schulz said , now that they have been appointed , they will be able to focus on their tasks and we can move past this debate .
In the forthcoming period leading up to the European Summit , there are three main issues on which the Swedish Presidency hopes to make progress together with you and with the help of the Commission .
With regard to Mr Verhofstadt 's questions concerning supervision , I am pleased that we are nevertheless making progress on this issue .
They will have an overarching view and enhanced cooperation .
As many of you said , it is a matter of finding solutions to the terrible problems that we are facing with regard to cross-border crime , trafficking and the threat of terrorism , and of balancing this with a policy that places citizens centre stage and ensures that an individual 's privacy is respected .
I hope that we can produce a long-term programme to deal with these issues within the Stockholm Programme .
I will , of course , speak again at the end of this debate .
The negotiations with Turkey are progressing - perhaps not as quickly as we would like , but progress is being made and we hope to be able to open the environment chapter at the end of the year .
I will say a brief word about the Baltic Sea Strategy .
The European External Action Service is one of the biggest and most important changes resulting from the Treaty of Lisbon .
The European Parliament will have the opportunity to discuss the form that this will take .
Eight years after Laeken , we are now on the threshold of a new treaty .
Many of these issues will be discussed at the European Council meeting in December .
All of these issues will remain after the summit and on all of these issues we will need very close cooperation with the European Parliament .
We are convinced that free trade and the market economy benefit economic development and we are therefore , in principle , opposed to financial assistance for countries or regions .
We strongly sympathise with all those affected by the consequences of the economic downturn and would like to see measures such as training that will help individuals overcome this .
For us as EU citizens , having a stable legal system with everyone being equal before the law is a given , as is the fact that we can have confidence in the way authorities treat our privacy .
Many of the 144 points in the motion for a resolution and the 78 amendments to Parliament 's resolution that have been tabled were , of course , worthy of support .
Even though there are points in the resolution that was voted through that should not have been included , we have chosen to vote in favour of the resolution , as the benefits far outweigh the negative aspects .
We will have modern and up-to-date regulations in an area where development is very rapid .
The telecoms package is a major victory for all consumers in Europe .
During my work , I think I have used every possible word to describe the situation .
It affects and defines women 's everyday lives .
During wars and armed conflicts and during the reconstruction following conflicts , women are subjected to violence to a greater extent , both as individuals and collectively .
Society must take responsibility for stopping this violence .
At the same time , it helps to maintain this power order .
It is a social problem , which - quite apart from all the personal suffering - involves huge costs for society .
Within the EU , we have the Daphne Programme , which provides a certain amount of economic assistance to various initiatives to combat violence .
Existing treaty provisions contain an obligation to work towards equality between women and men .
When does the Commission intend to organise a European Year against Violence against Women ?
Madam President , honourable Members , the honourable Member and Chair of the Committee on Women 's Rights and Gender Equality has raised a serious and urgent issue .
We are aware of the sufferings that befall women throughout the world , women who are raped , abused or suffer harassment or who are the victims of harmful traditional practices .
That is clearly stated in the motion for a resolution on the elimination of violence against women that you will vote on tomorrow .
In accordance with Articles 2 and 3 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union , the Council is to promote equality between men and women in all activities .
Of course , the Council 's ability to take action in this area is limited to the powers stated in the treaty , and the Member States are responsible for matters that fall within their areas of competence , in particular , issues to do with justice and home affairs , as well as health issues .
Under this heading , the Commission supports the Member States in producing comparable statistics increasing awareness , exchanging good practice and cooperating on research .
In the meantime , there is already a lot going on at EU level , particularly with regard to increasing awareness , gathering information and exchanging good practice .
