That was what the majority of groups also felt .
I consider it in the interest of the control function of this House , as emphasized by Mrs Müller just now , that the European Commission observes transparency and ensures clarity on the commitment of its public servants in the case of the possible disappearance of aid funds in Bosnia .
Surely European legislation was not intended to formulate a policy at the most repressive level .
This also raises concerns .
The European Commission now has a vision in the form of the 1994 act on asylum and immigration policy .
We will vote against most of the Christian-Democrat , but also against most of the Socialist amendments , in order to safeguard the balanced approach of the Commission as far as possible .
These are not problems concerning religion , but problems concerning an excess of , or - to use Mr Colajanni 's expression - a misunderstanding about religion .
That makes it interesting for the viewer .
I am therefore strongly in favour of the creation of training opportunities for Muslims in Europe , particularly in theology , and I advocate this in the report .
I think this is at the heart of the so-called fundamentalist issue .
Fundamentalism is clearly distinguishable from religion .
But this ignores the pretension to truth on the part of religions .
The Church and the State must be separate .
On the other hand , I do think that the industry should not expect too much from Europe , but that the industry itself and the Member States will have to make the necessary adjustments .
It is high time that these promises were kept .
First of all , improving competitiveness .
It cannot be repeated often enough , Commissioner , that more and more new trade barriers are being raised .
Brazil , for example , introduced an import duty of over 50 % at the beginning of this year .
Thirdly , the social dimension .
What does the EFC do ?
National monetary specialists would therefore no longer be on the Committee , according to her plan .
That is precisely the reason why the national monetary specialists on the Committee cannot be dispensed with as Mrs Berès imagines .
Then the rapporteur would at least have been spared a disappointment .
Because despite the fact that the rapporteur does not think much of the influence of national civil servants within the Economic and Financial Committee , her report is an unmistakable plea for a typical national French hobby-horse : the formation of an economic administration at European level as a counterpart to the ECB , which - in the eyes of the French government - is too much along German lines .
That was not the intention , so the damage had to be repaired again .
It might have been expected that the Commission would put a plan on the table stating what has to be done to deliver information to companies about this instrument : it is the age-old European Union communication problem .
My only doubts are about paragraph 3 of his motion for a resolution , in which he suggests a special panel at European level .
I am therefore informing you formally - you can see that I am here , I have voted neutrally once - that I am not participating in roll-call votes as a matter of constitutional principle .
We were not really told that properly yesterday .
A certain percentage of the seats in the European Parliament will be distributed across " transnational ' lists .
In addition , I am concerned here with the principle that every Member State should have the right to determine itself when it holds elections .
I must , however , point to the important reports that were completed in the last Parliament by my fellow party member and fellow countryman Karel De Gucht in connection with a European election system , and which were approved by a large majority .
We have a number of successful exchange programmes for students , and now , with the European Voluntary Service action programme for young people , we finally also have a programme for working and in many cases for unemployed youngsters who are not or are no longer students .
In the second place , Council was not prepared to guarantee that all obstacles to mobility arising at administrative level would be eliminated .
As long as a programme is put in place , then that is fine , although the scope of the programme is disappointing .
The Council will have to realize how important education and culture are for the future of Europe , especially when it comes to young people .
If you say they were socio-cultural activities , then I want you to tell me exactly what they did .
I cannot help thinking that the various small initiatives taken by this Parliament and which relate to the most vulnerable groups which NGOs support with small actions - intended , in actual fact , to stimulate some Community initiative - cannot be successfully accomplished so easily with a legal basis .
In view of the fact that the Commissioner has no more scope for changes in this programming period and is also putting forward substantive reasons for this , can he assure me that Member States will have somewhat more flexibility and somewhat greater margins within the priorities of the European Union to adjust their own priorities to a specific situation in the forthcoming programming period with the future Structural Funds ?
I am referring to the Auto-Oil Programme and now the review of the Fifth Environmental Action Programme .
The much-needed reforms for sustainable agriculture have to be put in place as quickly as possible .
I shall myself be making concrete proposals in the context of the budget to integrate environmental objectives into the common agricultural policy