This quickly leads us on to the issue of implementing foreign law .
Against this backdrop and ahead of the developing world congress [against the death penalty] , the EU must be extra vigilant .
Are there plans to negotiate an international agreement , similar to the PNR agreement ?
The subject bringing us together today is a crucial issue as far as growth and employment in Europe are concerned .
The debate is open , and I welcome that .
The two are interlinked .
I should once again like to commend the German Presidency , and in particular Mrs Merkel , on pursuing all these issues with such determination .
Thus , referring to the aspirations of Europe 's citizens , Mr President , you stressed and I quote : ' we must preserve the European social model ' and , more importantly , you went on to say 'our acts must be convincing ' .
You will allow me , however , to express what lawyers in the English-speaking world call a dissenting opinion .
The instruments of international law are more than adequate to this task .
I think we need to leave the Member States , and particularly the regions , considerable room for manoeuvre in this matter : no one can deny that , in some regions , nothing grows except grapevines ; nor can anyone deny the contribution that wine producers have made to the structure of the countryside .
On the global market in potable alcohol . there was a shortage of 9 million hectolitres in 2002 and 11 million in 2003 .
It proposes the creation of a market .
Furthermore , the European Parliament has decided to ask the Member States to review the ineffective social models in the light of their long-term financial viability , of developing global dynamics and of demographic trends , with the aim of making these social models more sustainable .
( ES ) Ladies and gentlemen , today we are debating jointly the report by Mr Bullmann , on the broad economic policy guidelines , and the report by Mr Andersson , on the guidelines for the employment policies of the Member States .
Furthermore , during this decade , since the Lisbon Strategy was launched , the European Union has clearly been creating more jobs than the United States .
Through this support and through the high degree of consensus between Parliament and the Commission , we will be sending a clear signal to the European Council and to the citizens in general of the European Union 's will and capacity to create a specific instrument to tackle the risks and take advantage of the opportunities presented by globalisation , while defending and enhancing Europe 's economic progress and social cohesion . on behalf of the ALDE Group . - ( FR ) Mr President , I speak on behalf of my colleague , Mr Morillon .
My colleagues have nominated me as permanent rapporteur for humanitarian action .
What credibility do we have today to issue a multitude of texts that , at least on the part of the Council , and even of the Commission , merely restate our grave concerns regarding this situation ?
Mr President , Commissioner , we remember all of the debates that we had in our Parliament , during the debate on the Services Directive , to exclude health services .
In less than ten days ' time , I will be submitting this draft agreement for a political decision to the EU transport ministers .
We are therefore going to open up new possibilities to these countries .
However , from the beginning , the problem has been the balance of the agreement between Europe and the United States .
The operation has come up against some serious obstacles .
In line with what I just said , the United States will not challenge European-operated flights to the United States if European countries such as Iceland invest in their capital .
These estimates are the outcome of serious studies .
On this subject , we are going to review the way in which we operate flights over the Atlantic with the aim of reducing their flight paths .
I should like to thank all of the speakers and also to say to those MEPs who belong to Member States that are not covered by the 'open skies ' agreements , and particularly to the Irish Members who spoke , that the will exists on our side to extend the benefits of this liberalisation of transatlantic air transport to all of the Member States .
As the study by your Directorate-General for Employment concluded in September 2005 , the insufficient number of affordable childcare structures represents not only a barrier to the economic and social integration of economically-disadvantaged families , but also , and above all , a major obstacle to the equal participation of women and men in the labour market and to the balanced division of tasks between women and men in family life .
It is in this way that we hope to develop things along the lines that you have indicated .
Let me assure you , Mr Tarabella , that I have paid a great deal of attention to what you just said .
In July 2005 , it appointed Peter Balazs as the European coordinator for this line , who submitted an initial progress report published on 13 September 2006 .
With your permission , however , I would prefer to respond to you in writing so as to avoid being too vague .
This is the answer that I am able to give to Mr Papdimoulis 's question .
In 2004 , the European Parliament and the Council adopted a decision that changed the guidelines for the trans-European network for the territory of the European Union of 27 .
At this point , I should like to remind you that