very much , given that the regressive scale of percentages applied to successive categories of the sale price makes export of little interest when , for example , transport and security costs are taken into account .
In finishing I would like to stress that the international dimension of the art market must of necessity be taken into account .
The first thing is the new agreement between the European Union and the Palestinian Authority .
I do not think that I need to repeat what you are all aware of with regard to recent events .
It is a true , perhaps , that the United States has an advantage , precisely because it is a single state with a single foreign policy .
The fourth and final thing is the fact that this debate is happening just a week before Barcelona II is due to take place in Malta .
Listing facts , Mr President-in-Office , is not enough .
We need action from the European Union .
We did not demand that they be declared void and held again .
Today , however , is a good day for the European Parliament .
The creation of a government of national reconciliation appears to be the first step in a process of institutional change , which is encouraging .
We now have an opportunity to show that we intend to do something .
Fortunately , some Member States - Greece , italy , France , Spain and Austria - have understood that something has to be done and now have a presence in Albania .
Mr Van den Broek and Mrs Bonino of the Commission are ready to act .
For all their lack of riches , Greece and its people have provided and are continuing to provide humanitarian and other forms of assistance to the people of Albania in their suffering and hardship , and a number of other Member States are doing the same .
Is it because of indifference or because you cannot agree among yourselves ?
In finishing I would like to say to the Italian Members of all the various political groups who are present in the Chamber that Greece has accepted Italian leadership of the force that will go to Albania and that it has confidence in that leadership .
At this crucial time there must be no backtracking from any quarter because we all have very substantial obligations to Albania and its people .
They have not even felt the need to apologize or to express contrition for having closed their eyes in order to avoid upsetting their man , Mr Berisha , even though they knew what was boiling up in Albania .
The tragic events in Albania have caught you on the hop .
Do you now understand that Mr Berisha 's police force requires training ?
We are talking about blatant and naked military intervention in an independent European country .
Because that is what the game is .
So accept the message !
You will just create a 'fast food ' democracy .
The problem is one of trust .
He lacks all credibility .
Lastly , Commissioner , we must ensure that the victims of the pyramid-type savings theft are compensated .
And the Videnev government was brought down .
The Left Group gave a warning about this when the European Union was monitoring the elections , when even the socialist governments were sending their presidents to pin medals on Berisha at the time of the elections .
I believe that that would improve the situation in Albania .
We did know that the elections were fraudulent and we did nothing about it .
I consider it helpful that the President-in-Office has categorically restated the commitment of the Union to ensure that negotiations with the Cypriot Republic are commenced six months after the end of the intergovernmental conference .
Madam President , there has clearly been a misunderstanding .
I would , however , like to mention two points which , in my view , are non-negotiable .
These are transparency and access to information .
The objective should be to remove all discrimination based on gender , particularly in the areas of employment and insurance .
The problems caused by the absence of transparency are particularly severe .
As a final point I emphasize that the existing positive actions must be kept in place .
Mr President , following the Turkish invasion of Cyprus in 1974 a specific agreement was concluded , the so-called Vienna III agreement , under which the rights of Greek Cypriots and Maronites lining in the enclave in the occupied territory were to be protected .
Mr President , I think that the time has come for us to take action - all of us , the European Parliament , the Council and the Commission and , also , the United Nations - to see what can be done with a view to resolving this issue .
Out a total of 20 , 000 people who used to live in the enclave , there are now 500 , and this ethnic cleansing has been carried out so bravely by the army of occupation against children and old people .
Mr President , this lack of credibility , which is also evident in other respects , makes the approach of the European Union to Turkey itself and the involvement of Turkish Cypriots in the negotiations on Cyprus 's accession , which we support , extremely problematical .
Mr Marin is here to listen to the Members and to their questions and observations and to give replies and not to talk with Mrs Theato - probably about the budget and ECUs .
What has been going on today is a disgrace !
I have nothing to ask of Mr Denktash .
I am ashamed for the Commission , ashamed !
It is a tactic that has its roots in the cold war , which certain groups are still keeping alive