are we going to deal with these issues ?
Is a strategic , policing approach the only way to wipe out terrorism ?
We deal with problems such as poverty , the environment , equality , ethnic crises and fundamentalism .
I should like to say here that you , the European Parliament , have a very important part to play .
Fourthly , I should like to say something about the Arab world .
We share a common fate in our region when it comes to security in the region and numerous other issues , such as the economy and political cooperation and , as we have announced repeatedly , we are committed to resolving the Middle East conflict .
The Arab League asked us to set up a cultural dialogue , we accepted this proposal , it is already under way and I personally mentioned to the Arab summit that we need to discuss issues such as terrorism , security , human rights , the involvement of civil society and democracy , the role of women in society and the UNDP report , which is highly instructive on the reforms needed in the Arab world .
We therefore have to cultivate democratic institutions .
Finally , here too Parliament has a very important role to play , especially the European Parliament , where we want to formalise the meeting of parliamentarians within the context of Euro-Mediterranean cooperation .
Before I finish , I should like to comment briefly on a matter which was raised .
There may indeed be a great deal of fallout from the crisis and we shall have to deal with it , regardless of whether or not there is a war .
Here again the European Parliament has an important role to play .
The European Union is committed to protecting the democratic and minority rights of the Kurds .
( Applause ) This crisis is also causing Turkey serious economic problems , which will be even worse if there is a war and we in the European Union must understand that .
This chapter has not closed and , of course , the Cyprus question will not be sacrificed to Iraq .
We want them in the Council , we want them in the European institutions .
Ladies and gentlemen , I have spoken for longer than the Rules of Procedure allow .
The main opportunity here is to reform our own institutions and operations so that we have a more important voice on the international stage , a united voice .
As Mrs Berès and several other members said about the UN , it is an opportunity to empower this organisation , because the interdependency of developments on the international stage , technological , economic , political and environmental developments , which give rise to interdependent interests , raises the problem of global intergovernmentalism .
And what we teach is the strength of law , not the law of the strong .
( Applause )
The target : the less developed countries , which the multinationals are ready to bleed dry and the necessary precondition : the privatisation and liberalisation of any remaining public sectors .
We defend public ownership and administration of the basic sectors of the economy , both in our own country and in every country of the world , and we are fighting for a quality public health service and state education and for the unimpeded development of civilisation , with respect for each nation 's individual characteristics .
Substantial measures must be taken at once to increase employment .
Fourthly , measures are needed to coordinate taxes on SMEs and combat social exclusion and undeclared employment , none of which alone will suffice , at least not in the restrictive sense referred to in the motion for a resolution which I voted against .
Widespread long-term unemployment which , at over 10 % , has been the scourge of the working classes for years , is now twinned with widespread temporary and limited forms of employment .
For the sake of balancing the budget , which is the alibi used for constant cuts in social spending and the privatisation of public utilities , big business is being empowered and called on to complete the dismantling of insurance and pension systems .
Ladies and gentlemen , I shall begin this statement , if I may , with a few words about a good friend of mine , Zoran Djindjic , the prime minister of Serbia , who sadly has been assassinated .
However , this incident shows that we still have a long way to go .
Secondly , this operation will help enhance the role and profile of the European Union in this country .
Consequently , preparations and the operation itself need to be completed with the utmost care .
First , permanent arrangements between the European Union and NATO must be completed and concluded and , secondly , a request must be submitted by the official authorities in the country in question .
As far as the second precondition is concerned , we already have an official request from the government of the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia asking the European Union to take over this mission and all the parties involved have welcomed the initiative in question .
Similarly , as we shall be taking over from ? ? ? ? , rather than starting a new operation , we shall need to work closely with the alliance in order to ensure there is a seamless takeover and continuity .
The institutional framework for the operation and , more importantly , the funding arrangements , are in place .
The Political and Security Committee decided which third countries would be invited to participate on 4 February .
It was decided that operational headquarters would be at S? ? ? ? .
On 18 February , the Political and Security Committee therefore decided to set up a Contributions Committee .
