changes for the institutions , but also real and tangible benefits for the European citizens .
It is clear that Article 255 of the Treaty permits a broader interpretation of citizens ' access to documents of the institutions , so allow me to outline some of the changes in my report .
All the institutions and bodies covered by Article 255 should be expressly stated in the regulation and should include not only committees and working groups , but all agencies created by the institutions .
All documents of the institutions should be public unless there is good reason why they should not be - based on a harm test and on a limited number of exceptions .
These exceptions are discretionary , not as others would have you believe , mandatory .
The term 'document ' should be interpreted widely and must include internal documents of the institutions , although information documents , the 'space to think ' , can be excluded .
As in the Commission proposal , a register of documents should be established .
It should contain documents which are directly accessible .
It should also include documents which are classified as 'non public ' with the exception that applies .
That way , the public knows of the documents and can challenge such classification .
Furthermore , access to documents must be user-friendly via the Internet or traditional methods and there will be ongoing scrutiny - extremely important - of the new process and implementation by Parliament .
I would like to clarify some other aspects .
The classification system outlined in my report is intended to make the process of access to documents easier .
An application for a document would challenge the application of the exception .
At the time of the request for a document , the application of the exception must be reviewed on a case-by-case basis .
What we must ensure is that the existing or future interinstitutional agreements , referred to in my report , have as their legal basis the Article 255 rule in order to ensure that a coherent framework is agreed between the institutions , with the maximum right of access for the citizen .
Some Members have suggested that in my text I come too close to the Council and Commission view .
In fact , the fundamental problems which the Council and Commission foresee with my report are , interestingly enough , the very same differences apparent between the majority of Parliament and some of the smaller groups in this House .
Therefore , I urge the Council and Commission to embrace the change .
The Union must move closer to the citizen .
It must be more accountable and more transparent , especially as we approach enlargement .
Together we must seize this opportunity and together solve the problems that it poses .
I urge the House to support my report .
Mr President , I thank Mr Cashman for his assiduous and inspired work in committee .
Freedom of information and a culture of open and transparent administration are powerful tools for better government and for rooting out corruption and malpractice .
Since it was Mr Prodi who presented proposals to us in January , we had hoped he would be here to reply to this debate .
Indeed the Commission has maintained a curious silence throughout our deliberations , but we look forward to the Commissioner 's remarks this morning .
Mr Solana in the Council has made an audacious bid to be crowned the prince of darkness .
But once this report is voted on today , Parliament will stand ready to negotiate with the Commission and the Council a code which will cause citizens to blink in the bright Strasbourg sunshine .
Publication must be our presumption and the onus placed squarely on those who seek to withhold it .
It is grotesque that in the European Union national governments make public policy behind a heavy curtain of secrecy .
The freedom of information act foreseen in Article 255 will rip it asunder .
I have to disagree with my colleague , Mr Poos .
It is not for the Commission to tell political groups what decisions they should make on the amendments that have come from the different political groups and therefore the Commissioner should not be placed in this invidious position .
When a bank fails it has wider-reaching implications than a failure of another sort of business because people 's savings are jeopardised and the stability of the financial system can be jeopardised .
Therefore , we have special rules to ensure that banks stay solvent and stay afloat and do not fail , and these rules are designed to protect savers and to maintain financial stability .
They are globally agreed in Basel but the current framework is out of date because it requires the same regulatory capital reserves .
The same amount of money needs to be put aside for a wide range of different risks .
This actually encourages banks to opt for higher risks because it means that a bank can go for a higher premium for the same regulatory capital charge .
The Commission 's new proposal , the main thrust of which the committee warmly welcomes , is that the lower the risk , the lower the regulatory charge .
That means banks will be encouraged and rewarded for minimising risk and maintaining proper reserves of capital against their liabilities .
We make a number of political demands in our report from the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs .
Firstly , that the new rules take account of the diversity of the banking and investment sector in the European Union .
These rules apply to many thousands of small and large banks and investment firms and must be designed to suit all their needs .
The rules should be as easy as possible for these institutions to use