and this Commission has demonstrated that it possesses it .
Rather than specifically addressing these , I would like to consider , in the light of what has been said over the last few weeks , two ways in which this legislation brings us forward both in practical terms and in principle .
It is an opportunity we must do everything in our power to seize .
On this , I believe , the success of the enterprise largely depends , for it was often the case , in these states formerly under colonial rule , that a small group held the reins of power , and in Iraq , this was the Sunnis , something I regard as one of the main reasons behind this terrorism , and we must – as you , Commissioner , said – succeed in spelling that out , or else it will not be clear to the public where the benefit for them lies .
Before the EU’s summit on development policy kicks off , we want an answer to the question as to how the EU will ensure that industry receives no support of such a scandalous kind .     Mr President , the precarious position of many African states is something that ought to make people in general ashamed .
It would be great if the UK Presidency could reflect on this .     Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , as chairman of my group , I have made the quite deliberate decision to take the floor at the end of this debate , and I am rather disappointed to note that I am the only group chairman to speak on this subject at all .
It does not convey the image of a parliament worthy of the name .
The problem we are now faced with is that the national legislation continues to apply without amendment , and that the courts will come to very different decisions .
Almost unanimously , the European Parliament denounced the security forces ’ action and promptly appointed a committee of enquiry to determine whether any of the demonstrators had been killed by units trained by the EU.
It took a relatively short time after the war for our relations with the rest of the world to be restored , and that was because we admitted our responsibility for the heinous crimes committed in Germany ’s name .
Let me start with the statement by the President-in-Office of the Council to the effect that negotiations with Croatia , a country crucial to the stability of the region as a whole , could begin only as and when Mr Gotovina is extradited .
It is vitally important that this Europe of ours should make a proper contribution , not merely out of economic considerations , but also with political considerations in mind .
Politically speaking , this trip is the expression of Parliament’s desire that the European Union should have influence , as a seventh negotiating partner , on the six-party talks .
The point I particularly want to make with reference to this is that the mixed committees ’ sole function is to rule on whether or not the agreements should remain in force in the event of Switzerland failing to discharge its treaty obligations , specifically the transposition of the Schengen or Dublin into domestic law .
It is our belief – and our own Legal Affairs Committee confirms it – that these mixed committees really are institutional in character .
In all other instances , Parliament can only give its opinion .
Among the most fateful errors , though , was the widespread attempt to use what was termed ‘development finance ’ as a means of developing our own economic relationships abroad and enabling European businesses to open up markets in the South .
Mr President , Commissioner Michel , ladies and gentlemen , I too would like to thank Mrs Zimmer for this fine report .
We are also having it because the President of this House failed , on Monday , to inform us of the fact that he had already sent them a letter of invitation .
What is worthy of criticism is the failure to make much headway in reforming the justice system , the widespread corruption in the police and the judiciary , considerable shortfalls in the integration of minorities , the poor economic development and social and environmental problems .
That would surely be inappropriate , to say the least , and so the right thing to do would indeed be to take the decision only once the progress report has been produced .
It is also clear from the Commission ’s approach that it is unwilling to take responsibility for the way in which the Community’s common environmental policies are implemented .
Why , for that matter , should the acquisition of land be funded by LIFE + money ?
Will they now be penalised , while the companies that did not face up to the challenge get money from the Structural Funds ?
It has to be said , though , that it is urgently necessary that the Commission ’s mandate for trade negotiations be redrafted once and for all .
The one thing I ask of you , Commissioner , is that you raise the issue of social security at the forthcoming WTO negotiations in Hong Kong .
There is much scepticism about the European Union among the Swiss public , who fear the loss of their political rights and do not want to allow anything to be imposed on them .
Let me make it quite clear that the idea of inviting observers – that is , from the ten countries that are now Member States – originally came from our group .
It was what we did that compelled the Commission , even more than it would have been , to have recourse to these measures