at all .
Internal documents are not defined and are to be kept secret if their publication would have a decisive influence on a decision-making process .
Member States may demand that documents be classified and , into the bargain , require that they not be recorded , without it being made clear which rules this is to take place under .
The rules will be of consequence in all the Member States , with national opportunities to create greater openness in the political process of the Member States now being subject to the Union ' s common rules .
The result gives the impression that the rapporteurs have hidden under the cloak of the Swedish Presidency in the hope that openness and the interests of public access to official records were covered by virtue of the Swedes ' long tradition of open government .
In other words , the Swedes have helped legitimise the Regulation rather than defending citizens ' interests , and today the European Parliament has followed suit .
This cannot be said to be in the public interest , and it is now clear that the public has been held hostage in a struggle concerning the European Parliament ' s own interests in which the European Parliament , in the end , decided to sacrifice the hostage .
Mr President , I would like to say that I think that this is a very important matter that we were dealing with today and that we must decide on tomorrow .
It was good that the industry did not succeed in getting Parliament and others to falter in connection with the legal basis .
Now , we will actually obtain a reduced nicotine content and tar content in cigarettes , and we will also obtain some rules on the additives that the industry has used to date .
These are substances that have helped to make cigarettes even more habit-forming than they would be without these substances .
It is good that we are going to do something about it .
I believe that the rules that we will now have will make it difficult for consumers of cigarettes - and new potential consumers of cigarettes - not to be aware that cigarettes are actually very harmful to health .
This should have happened earlier , but it is good that there will now be rules .
They create a false sense of security among consumers .
We have had a discussion concerning what I will call export hypocrisy in this matter .
There will be a transitional scheme for these exports .
I do not think that this was necessary , but it was , of course , a political compromise .
At any rate , we can be pleased that there is a time limit of a maximum of three years on this hypocrisy .
This is a great day for education policy throughout Europe .
The more people that move to another country for a period - whether for education or for work purposes - the greater will be the understanding between our peoples at a human , cultural and professional level .
The greater the mobility of students and others , the more strongly this 'glue ' will be able to hold the European project together .
It is quite simply essential for Europe to meet these requirements if we are to hope to keep up with the other major economic players on the global stage .
This is undoubtedly an area in which we can learn something from the United States .
I must therefore say thank you - a big thank you - and congratulations to Mr Evans , who has done some very substantial , first-rate and persistent work in connection with this report .
I will also allow myself to express pleasure at the fact that this recommendation is directed at people in the applicant countries of Central and Eastern Europe .
In this connection , it might be asked whether the EU' s education programmes are adequate .
All young people should try to study in another country sooner or later in the course of their education , and it is also similarly important for teachers and volunteers to receive inspiration from elsewhere .
I think they have done a really good piece of work .
I personally would have liked to see us have all flame retardants included from the start , but I think this is an issue that we must try to continue working on .
The first is that we must have the waste arising in these contexts separated from other unsorted waste as soon as possible .
This requires a strategy plan in the individual countries , and it also very much requires us to have effective labelling so that we can identify the products in question .
The second central point is naturally producer responsibility , and I can only agree with what many of the speakers have said concerning this point .
As far as possible , the financing should take place on an individual basis , so that it can be used in the development of cleaner technology as a competitive parameter .
I would like to end by asking the Commissioner a question .
Since we are talking here about an internal market directive on hazardous substances , I would like to ask whether a country such as Denmark will be forced to rescind its more restrictive rules until the restrictive rules also enter into force in 2008 or 2006 , depending on the year finally decided on for this phasing out of hazardous substances .
However , I am voting in favour of the report , since the content is reasonable .
We support the intention of the Common Position to secure progressively lower levels of smoking across the EU , and welcome the ban on misleading labelling