agree tyre safety standards creates an unacceptable level of uncertainty with regard to this vital question .
For that reason I am particularly concerned about the potential effects of Amendments Nos 3 and 4 and their impact upon tyre safety , especially for vehicles such as buses and trucks .
In the circumstances I feel bound to say that I personally cannot give my support to Mr de Roo 's Amendments Nos 3 and 4 .
I suggest to him that they are premature and I would ask the Commission to reject them .
Mr President , this is a most useful report on a very important issue .
There are some parts I do not like , such as for instance paragraph 13 which promotes tax coordination .
I am proposing to table an amendment on that because , as the rapporteur knows , this is a subject particularly dear to the heart of UK Conservatives .
But the overall thrust of the report is very good .
There is another report out today which was an annual report from the Commission , referred to in today 's Financial Times under the wonderful heading " Brussels demands labour reform" .
To quote briefly from the article , " In its assessment of countries , the Commission will tell France that , like Germany , it must reduce 'fiscal pressure ' on labour and reduce the 'administrative burden on companies ' . "
Certainly anything that promotes labour flexibility , liberates enterprise and reduces burdens on business must be good for the economies of those countries and for employment .
But it also addresses this problem of undeclared work .
The higher the tax , the more the red tape , the greater the incentive not to declare work .
I should like to make one further suggestion .
Countries with the highest undeclared work may well be recording the highest official unemployment figures , thereby attracting the highest offsetting regional funds .
This is perverse and it is in all our interests to address the problem .
Reducing tax and red tape would be a splendid start .
I urge Member States to follow the Commission advice and also to note the Glase report .
I welcome the fact that the Zabell report tries to address the problem of intentional doping and proceeds from the presumption of innocence based on the charter of human rights .
Unfortunately , UK athletes - Linford Christie , Dougie Walker and Gary Cadogan - were not presumed to be innocent by the International Athletics Association .
Despite evidence , based on research by Aberdeen University , that nandrolene could be produced by a combination of dietary supplements and vigorous training , Mark Richardson is still waiting , eight days before the Olympics , in the Olympic village not knowing whether he is going to compete or not .
Linford Christie has campaigned throughout his career against doping in sport .
He would not do anything now to jeopardise that .
These cases demonstrate the need for the World Anti-Doping Agency to harmonise disciplinary procedure that would safeguard the rights of athletes but , at the same time , swiftly punish those who knowingly take drugs and are guilty of taking drugs .
This is an important debate , and I want to endorse the ideas coming out of the two reports , particularly those of Mrs Zabell on doping and also Mrs Lynne 's remarks about the presumption of innocence , because that is important .
We all recognise nowadays that sport is big business .
This is particularly clear in football with its enormous transfer fees , often ridiculously high salary levels , and stock market deals , but it is not just football .
Other sports have a lot of money sloshing around .
Formula 1 is a good example .
In , the UK they even had a million pounds to spare for the Labour Party .
Sport has a lot of money and it cannot expect to be exempt from free market rules .
I do , however , disagree with the reports when they call for a Treaty clause on sport .
Jacques Santer was absolutely right when he said Europe must do less but do it better .
So let us try to operate within our means .
Let us try to operate within the powers that we already have .
What is needed regarding transfer fees is a healthy dose of pragmatism and common sense .
I endorse the Commissioner 's remarks this morning .
I have absolute confidence in her abilities and attitude and wish her well in her forthcoming discussions .
I would , however , say that there is no rush .
FIFA has certainly been very slow to act and should be criticised for that , but the Commissioner must also be prepared to listen to the small clubs , the players ' organisations , and spectators .
Let us work for a good solution that we can defend rather than working for a solution this afternoon , or this week , or this month .
It is something that needs to be sorted out so that the people of Europe will understand .
Europe needs friends , not enemies .
Let us not add football spectators to those people who do not understand what Europe is about .
Come up with a good solution and you will have the backing of this House and the backing of football supporters across Europe .
Mr President , I also thank Mr Mennea and Mrs Zabell for highlighting the crucial role that sport is now playing in all of our lives , I have to start by saying that sport 's importance as an industry is well known , but for sport to become just another industry would be a mistake and a great loss to our society