cheap capital - I mean venture capital - available above all to small and medium-sized enterprises .
Several discussions in which I have participated have reinforced my view , in favour of the applicant countries , that the 25 % rule for direct payments is politically unacceptable ; in addition the applicant countries fear high losses and are demanding an accession rebate and a change in their quotas .
We have Budget lines , we have a legal base , and now all we need is money .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , we already mentioned some of the priorities of the Committee on Foreign Affairs , Human Rights , Common Security and Defence Policy for the 2003 Budget in our debate two weeks ago .
On average each company employs five people .
I see a further problem .
I am convinced that the only way to improve the situation is to step up cooperation and that means more funds from the European Union .
I would be interested to know how the system has actually been prepared for the enlargement of the European Union .
I should then like to add two short questions , which the Commissioner may be able to answer briefly together .
I believe that we have achieved something here that certainly bears comparison with the standards in national parliaments and that the security standards , which we ourselves need to develop in this House , will also certainly have their part to play in enabling us to meet the requirements , just as the five Members of the special committee will have to undergo security checks by their respective Member States .
I welcome the fact that this agreement will give Parliament a bit more power and that there is also going to be the opportunity to examine certain documents .
Mrs Hautala is right to say that , if this does not succeed , one of the options provided is that of an appeal .
But we will shortly hear whether we have pulled it off .
Article 146 ( 1 ) states : ' The European Parliament , acting on a recommendation from the Council , which shall act by a qualified majority , shall give a discharge to the Commission before 30 April of the year n+2 in respect of the implementation of the budget of the financial year n .
Absurd though it might sound , I was wholeheartedly on Mrs Theato 's side , and said that it really should be worked out with absolute clarity and utterly unambiguously , and that the third variant was to be left open .
As well stated in this report , women and people with disabilities should be the main areas of concern .
Together with the Committee on Budgetary Control , Mr van Hulten has done very thorough work , for which I thank you most warmly .
My sixth point is that , in Amendment No 17 , you demand that the budgetary authority should be informed of all waivers of recovery of debt in excess of EUR 100 000 .
This is a dereliction of duty dating back to the day it took office , despite repeated admonitions from , inter alia , the European Court of Auditors , and one for which it must be held accountable .
Of course , Mrs Schreyer , we welcome the way that you are doing that any way , as these rules of implementation do not apply to the Commission alone , but are in future to be applicable to all the EU institutions .
It is my belief , Commissioner , that such would be a false assessment and would lead us into renewed disaster .
Turning , secondly , to the question of the accounting officer 's role , I am also grateful for the clarifications that have been given today .
For that , we need more information in the accounting system .
We are dealing with countries that are undergoing a process of transformation .
I would be very glad indeed if it proved possible for them to give this common line its final shape by the time the Brussels Council begins .
For if no success is forthcoming from Brussels , negotiations will be held up .
Take , for example , the small amount of cross-border traffic between Poland and the Ukraine or that between Slovakia , Hungary and the Ukraine .
That is not the solidarity that the EU needs .
Mr President , now that Mrs Maij-Weggen has made it clear that the Dutch Christian Democrats are no longer the problem , and now that it is also clear from what you have said that the Liberals are not either , the only people who seem to be left hitching a free ride and imposing special conditions are the German Social Democrats and the German Federal Government .
Great economic insecurity lies in store for the candidate countries , and we have to get them to understand that we know what difficulties they will face .
There will be no pre-enlargement agricultural reform without postponing enlargement for ever and a day , and nor can we prejudice future , post-2006 , Budget frameworks .
If you examine the differentials resulting from enlargement after previous accessions , you cannot fail to see that parity is to come about only in 2003 .
Nor do I believe that it might be possible for a member of the Commission to call on the head of a Member State 's government to join with him in seeking out the worst civil and social blackspots and to announce to the nation 's media that he is ashamed of these conditions and that he will do away with them .
Let me say this in all frankness : nothing is any use unless it can be put into action quickly and decisively