I should first of all like to thank my fellow MEP , Mr Kindermann for a sober and thorough report .
Last week , Commissioner Fischler stated that the fleet was 40 % too big .
Aid of this kind , together with modernisation , have led in recent years to a situation in which the combined fleet and total fisheries capacity have actually increased .
In connection with the reform , we should probably therefore consider inaugurating a period in which we do not provide aid for modernising the fleet .
All the Member States must now comply with the joint resolutions , and we should really also reward those countries which have to date complied with the joint resolutions in the multiannual guidance programmes .
Mr President , Denmark is not a party to the EU 's regulatory framework on asylum because , in June 1992 , we exercised the people 's democratic right to reject a situation in which the EU would determine the Member States ' asylum regulations .
Other MEPs , represented by Mrs Frahm from the Confederal Group of the European United Left/Nordic Green Left said 'no ' for quite opposite reasons , specifically in order to secure the safety of asylum seekers in the best way possible .
What now takes the edge right off the Danish 'no ' is the unfortunate fact that xenophobia has in the meantime become the policy of the Danish Government .
Fortunately , there is , however , a third and democratic 'no ' which is not dependent on political trends .
The EU 's coercive centralism and mania for making rules quite simply contributes to creating the poisoned breeding ground for demagogues such as Mr Le Pen , Mr Haider and Mr Camre .
We must do this for our peace of mind , and we must do this for the sake of world peace .
The developing countries must have access to our markets so that they themselves can create the basis for their economic progress .
It is disgraceful that , over the last decade , the rich countries have reduced the share of their income that they give to poor countries .
This agreement means that the most tight-fisted countries must make a contribution corresponding to the current EU average .
The level of ambition must be higher , however .
The objective must in every case be 0.7 % of GNP , a figure which most EU countries do not at present meet and which the United States and Japan unfortunately fall still farther short of meeting .
That is why it is all the more gratifying that , with Monterrey , a common understanding now seems to have been established that development must take place through interaction between donor countries , NGOs and developing countries so that the developing countries are given responsibility for their own development and so that , as a condition of receiving aid , they guarantee democracy , legal certainty and human rights and combat the corruption that destroys many opportunities for progress .
We have voted in favour of the report itself because of the clear improvements to the proposal for a directive tabled by the Committee on Citizens ' Freedoms and Rights , Justice and Home Affairs .
I previously understood that , in Mr Watson 's view , this was due to an unwillingness to tackle this evil at root .
I believe we must also see xenophobia as a symptom of other things , namely the fact that fear in itself is often more powerful than the object of fear and the fact that the background to a great deal of all this is a powerlessness that stems from social exclusion , which is also a consequence of increased competition .
There are still more than 21 million refugees who , as such , come under the responsibility of the UNHCR , and there is a corresponding number of internally displaced people who are refugees within their own countries .
That of course says something about the enormous need there is for action to be taken .
We also need to devise a common policy and to take measures jointly .
Is the aim to reduce the number of refugees for whom the UNHCR , with its scarce resources , is responsible , or is it to reduce the number of refugees who reach , or pass through , the gates of the EU ?
Matters are proceeding slowly and , in my view , too slowly where a number of the issues are concerned .
Unfortunately , I have to say that the heading under which the Danish Presidency will be acting when it takes over shortly is crystal clear .
There is , of course , a logic here , and the desire for tighter control , increased border surveillance , more of Eurodac and more of Dublin makes sense in this context .
No one can be in favour of the Mafia 's earning money from human trafficking , and no one can be in favour of an activity that results in the death of innocent Chinese in Dover or anywhere else , for that was not of course a unique event .
When , however , we ourselves are involved in criminalising anyone who helps refugees and when we also criminalise those acting from good , heartfelt Christian or other religious motives or for humanitarian reasons , then we are directly implicated in supporting the Mafia in this project of theirs .
When we do that , we are cramming poor people 's money directly into the pockets of the Mafia .
When our response to the 21 million refugees is higher walls around ourselves , then we are stuffing poor people 's money into the pockets of those who should have enough money as it is