Europe , which is not only a trading bloc , but also one of values and standards , is an area that could make a huge impact on that level .
I hope the Commission will deliver some sound results on that score this year .
We believe we should be chiefly concerned with improving the democratic quality of the Union .
It would be far preferable to adopt the convention model , as used for drawing up the Charter of Fundamental Rights .
Indeed the Treaty on the European Union , specifically Article 136 , bestows this task on the European Union .
Having said that , we still need a number of amendments , precisely in order to underline the point that companies must be given as much leeway as possible to make their own policy decisions .
It was agreed last year in Lisbon that we want to become the most competitive knowledge-based economy in the world , and Parliament has thrown its weight behind this objective , in a spirit of generosity and with a large majority .
But we will withdraw our resolution .
In its opinions , the Council expressly opts for a broad characterisation of a business as a joint venture between various stakeholders , and so it expressly avoids focusing attention on the creation of shareholder value for the shareholders , who seem to be the main reason behind many of the restructuring operations that have recently taken place .
A Green Paper on corporate social responsibility , as announced this morning , is not enough .
The liberals disagree on quite a few points , but as I understand it , we are at least united behind it , and I think that is indeed a positive sign .
I believe this only has to do with the e-commerce directive , so I hope the Commissioner will take another look at the issue .
Is there anything more personal than the product of human talent , the creation of something which rejuvenates .
The European Parliament has always been the guardian of Europe ' s cultural heritage and that is how it must stay , also in the digital age .
We must be in no doubt about what it is we are risking .
Consideration of the ethical issues surrounding human genetics demonstrates that biotechnology can have far-reaching consequences .
It is my hope that abuses and incorrect practices can be prevented through effective observance of the protocol .
That seems to me to be in conflict with an effective programme for fighting BSE.
What is the Commission ' s view on this ?
I believe we have well and truly reached a point where we can start banging the table for a while .
The Liberal Group would agree with this , although naturally there is still room for improvement , for example regarding the protection of biodiversity , but these are matters to be revisited at a later date .
Lastly , I am delighted that the Commission has pledged to bring forward proposals for supplementary liability provisions for the various types of environmental damage in all areas of the European Union , before the end of this year .
Given the polarisation of opinion , sound admission procedures are a must , i .e . procedures that guarantee safety , afford the consumer and the environment protection and uphold the precautionary principle .
Parliament ' s third task is to take responsibility .
Unfortunately , we are now giving way to the pressure exerted by industry to permit commercial applications .
The consumer must be given sound information and must know what is permissible and what is feasible , that is necessary .
It also has to do with consumers ' insecurity about their own health .
Divergent national provisions , uncertainty as to the safety of products and a growing market clearly demonstrate the urgent need for a European directive on food supplements .
I personally think it is important to define the scope as broadly as possible , thus including substances with a nutritional and a physiological function alike .
Scientific research and approval are required for that to happen .
Mr President , Commissioner , the Climate Summit held recently in The Hague dealt with the requirements of the Kyoto Protocol , to notoriously meagre effect .
Therefore , I personally am content with the line proposed by the rapporteur .
So I hope that when it comes to tomorrow ' s vote , all delegates will vote in favour of equipping new motor cycles with a catalytic converter in 2006 .
It will also be reflected in our financial dealings with Turkey , as compared with our dealings with other candidate countries .
In other words , we are talking about those countries that have fulfilled the Copenhagen criteria , for example .
I have a feeling this would have a demoralising effect .
So on this one point , I would very much like a clear answer from the Commission as to the impact that Amendment No 1 will have .
But taking budgets away from candidate countries that we are negotiating with over accession , for the benefit of a candidate country that has not yet reached this stage , seems to me to be a very sore point .
The crucial question then , and now , is what can , and must , the EU do to improve the situation ?
And this regime goes hand in hand with acts of torture , which are now said to be easier to perpetrate because of the individual cells .
At any rate , it was a step too far for our taste .
If Turkey absolutely fails to make any discernible progress in fulfilling the Copenhagen accession criteria , i .e . if it fails to establish a functioning democratic constitutional state with protection for minorities , then we expect the Council and the Commission to take 'appropriate measures ' in conformity with