( Applause )
A new definition of security policy is now called for , one that leaves no doubt that we are dealing here with a problem that knows no frontiers .
The authors are the two appointed by the committees .
Madam President , no doubt in our next debate on Echelon we will once again hear a chorus of criticism of the interception system , which allegedly works too well , and thus of the USA .
We must finally move over to using biometric systems so that we can determine identities with complete accuracy and take advantage of this in our screening processes .
Nevertheless , I see no evidence that the Commission has in the meantime carried out the security analysis that we requested , which actually also requires the development of a comprehensive system for classifying people and documents so as to protect secrets .
After a year 's work , the Echelon Committee tabled recommendations and requests .
As far as protecting confidential information in the Commission is concerned , which is something that we have of course also looked at , Mr Liikanen said that considerable changes had been made here .
Small and medium-sized enterprises obviously play a pivotal role here .
The objective of the regulation cannot be to abolish the practice of overbooking , but it can be to ensure that this procedure is used in a more reasonable , customer-oriented way .
It firstly calls on the airlines to use the volunteering principle , whereby the airline makes offers to individuals to identify those who do not urgently have to take the next flight , but could also take the one after that .
That is why I believe that the low-cost carriers , which actually do not have any problems with overbooking because they do not accept more passengers than have booked , should also compensate passengers for any injury caused if they cancel a flight for economic reasons , and they obviously do this from time to time .
Often it is even very unpleasant .
That is why I support and welcome the fact that 'food security and sustainable rural development strategies ' is one of the six priorities listed for EU development policy .
Why , with our considerable financial aid , have we not been able to make a more decisive contribution to improving the situation in the poorest countries ?
As the PPE-DE Group 's shadow rapporteur on the Economic and Monetary Affairs Committee , I had a hand in a number of the amendments .
The Commission will then elaborate the regulation , which will be submitted to the European Securities Committee - including representatives of the Member States ' finance ministries - and also to us in Parliament .
It is a response to 11 September , because the directive is what the Member States want in order to be better able to take counter-terrorist action .
I hope that the future will see politicians , policies , and even the Commission , judged on the basis of what rules and directives they have abolished or unified , rather than the opposite .
It is unlike me to start a speech by congratulating the rapporteur , because I think that is what we are here for and we generally make a good job of it .
They make money !
In view of the recent debate on emissions trading in Germany , we have to keep reminding ourselves that all the parties in Germany are in fact agreed that we need to reduce emissions in the long term by 80 % - I repeat 80 % by 2050 - and if we are already arguing so energetically against it now , when first steps need to be taken , then I do not hold out much hope for this long-term objective .
The parliaments rubberstamp them , they have no choice .
We should be thinking more along these lines .
The issue at stake then was not whether genetic engineering should or should not be used ; the issue at stake was labelling and the inclusion of this seed directive and its methods in the release directive , which at the time was still Directive 90/220 .
We should also hold science to account and organise hearings in order to clarify how coexistence which is really worth its name , can be applied .
The resolution was extremely tight on several points , especially the question of threshold values .
The Commission draft suggests threshold values for GMOs that do not represent a risk to the environment and consumers , and which can therefore be commercially cultivated in the EU.
What we want to know is : what is being done to prevent technically unavoidable , unwanted contamination ?
In saying this , you are setting yourself up as the mouthpiece of the genetic engineering industry because that is what the lobby claims , but it is not true .
The Commission 's biotechnology strategy sets the coexistence of various types of cultivation as an important priority .
The Council of Europe was founded as a human rights community here in Strasbourg over 50 years ago .
So why are we applying this double standard ?
We have proof that two of these sentences were carried out in the first half of 2001 , but not for 25 September 2002 .
One passer-by was killed and nine others were injured .
I immediately sent an e-mail to the bureau and to the two co-ordinators , Philippe Morillon and Arie Oostlander , to the effect that we would support this application by the Greens subject to no objection being expressed to me .
In the countries in transition , people enjoy freedoms that were hitherto unknown to them ; they enjoy democracy and human rights .
As regards Turkey , I will be quite frank in saying that there are different positions in our group concerning