Today we have a majority which calls itself extremist , but a majority , is at last prepared to confront Macedonia 's fundamental problems , including those relating to the fact that the Macedonian majority coexists with an Albanian minority .
Secularism , as practised by some states , is definitely the philosophical bedrock most likely to guarantee equality and the fight against discrimination .
The most obvious interpretation of the Rules of Procedure is that , when it comes to a vote that is so important politically , Members must be able to explain their positions .
It should also be noted that the MEDIA II programme is but one part of this European audiovisual policy , the main thrust being provided by the ' Television without Frontiers ' directive , although the two of them share many aims .
Moreover , the 1996 law needs to be amended to conform to European requirements .
Once again , I regret that the PHARE programme no longer has the task of funding cultural activities .
Moreover , there is no legal basis in the Treaty to allow the Commission to act in this way , and the Council could not even delegate such rights to the Commission , because it does not have them either .
I had addressed a written question ...
Mr President , once again I must raise the troublesome question I asked two months ago about when we are going to be moving into the IPE IV building .
Over the last four years , the Court of Auditors has not once given a clear endorsement of the legality and regularity of payments made by the Commission .
What is more , they appear to have been orchestrated by the Commission which , prior to the December vote , had challenged the European Parliament to table a motion of censure .
In the case of an official , of any grade , it must impose the requisite penalties and not simply punish a few scapegoats in lieu of more senior officials .
Looking at the Elles report , it would seem that this harsh lesson has taught the Commission nothing .
But the Christian Democrats are even more hypocritical .
Mr Santer , I fear you did not understand the message this House sent you on 17 December .
The truth is that public opinion is no longer willing to accept what is diplomatically referred to as 'arrangements' , as the Perilux affair has shown , and that the Commission , like Caesar 's wife , must be above reproach .
I see too that your statement - the successes in white and the inadequacies in grey , if not black - contains undertakings and promises too .
The call for tenders for Leonardo was issued before I took office .
Finally , I want to raise two foreign policy issues .
I am thinking of the future of the great policies of the Union , for instance , the common agricultural policy .
As far as revenue is concerned , we think the idea of contributions from the states in proportion to GNP is the only simple , transparent and rational solution .
It is well-known that there are winners in Europe , the cohesion countries , which receive up to EUR 300 , even EUR 600 , per head of population per year .
Europe has a cost and that cost will mean higher taxes .
It is a Europe that we naturally want to extend to those countries of Central and Eastern Europe seeking to join us , but it is a Europe that must now affirm its political dimension and therefore overhaul its institutions so that it can respond better to the expectations of our fellow citizens .
Mr President , please be kind enough to give this some thought .
And I think that our rapporteur has defined it very well .
This legal violation comes on top of the violation of French interests that will result from the euro replacing the franc in relations with the CFA franc.
By its very nature , this method is undemocratic .
This report is about the future - which makes a change from the debates we were having earlier - and , in particular , about relations between the Council , the Commission and the European Parliament with a view to greater democratisation of our institutions .
The second issue involves adding vitality to the election campaign .
Of course , the honourable Member who drafted those lines was no doubt thinking of strengthening the Commission 's independence with regard to the Council and the Member States , but not with regard to the European Parliament .
Perhaps it is the effect of the snow that has fallen , but I just want to recall a situation I found myself in a few years ago .
I could also mention Austria , which has not yet ratified Convention 138 , and Ireland , which has not ratified Convention 111 on non-discrimination .
The code will not contain sanctions but , thanks to the creation of a database , a special unit in the Commission would be able to monitor effectively the companies choosing this path .
Mr President , Commissioner Marín , ladies and gentlemen , the debate on the excellent report by Mr Sainjon allows us to measure once again the distance between the progressives and certain conservatives on social issues and on the importance to be given to employees throughout the world and in all companies .
The GNSS is a prime example of complementarity between the European Commission and the European Space Agency involving Eurocontrol , which also applies to the EGNOS programme .
We thought that the inadequacies and gaps in the Commission 's proposals would be noted by the rapporteur and that certain points in the Green Paper could usefully be improved upon when examined in committee .
Such decisions must