powers conferred on the Council by the Treaty .
The Basque Country is not between France and Spain .
Mr President , I would like to know whether perhaps the question I put to the President-in-Office of the Council does not deserve a reply , as I have not heard his reply .
You talk about a State , a Basque Country that exists only in mythology or in your head and , in fact , asking the Council about something that does not exist may be all very well for a discussion around the fireside , but ?
The conclusions of the European Council Meeting in Laeken of 14 and 15 December 2001 highlighted the need , consistent with the establishment and application of a common policy on asylum and immigration , cited in the conclusions of the Tampere European Council , to push through the proposals debated in the Council and consider the adoption of other actions and measures as soon as possible .
In this respect , it should also be noted that a budget heading , B7-667 , has been established .
I think that , after the debate that took place , it would be superfluous to repeat everything Mr Rajoy said yesterday .
That way , we could impose this obligation on them .
The replacement of workers from a third country with workers from another third country cannot , therefore , be considered discriminatory .
Last March , pursuant to our debate and the pledge that I made here in Parliament , the Spanish Ambassador to Cairo made contact with the Egyptian authorities with regard to the case of Mr Kostas Kastanias and other people who are in the same situation .
I would like to reiterate before Parliament that the Spanish Government , which currently holds the Presidency of the European Union , will not only take another step , but will take all the necessary steps , while we have this responsibility and beyond , to achieve the release of this prisoner who , as we have been told , has suffered loss of health to an almost life-threatening degree .
Furthermore , they have a tradition of taking on staff which enables them to assess the qualities and the merits that they require in order to select their staff without needing to consult external sources .
The appropriate body for determining whether a domestic law of a given country does not conform to the Community acquis is the Commission .
If , at a later stage , the regulations we have adopted run counter to the national laws of a given Member State , it then falls to the Commission to open infringement proceedings and to take that country to the Court of Justice if necessary .
The Barcelona European Council of March 2002 consequently agreed to the creation within the EIB of a reinforced Euro-Mediterranean Investment Facility within the EIB , which would be set in motion as soon as possible , complemented by the Euro-Mediterranean Association Agreement and an EIB representative office located in the area .
As I have said , I can only share Mrs Díez 's disappointment .
A bank , however , is also an instrument , of course , with which to help countries to better understand how to make use of financial resources .
Therefore , all these documents have made it clear that the Council wishes Galileo to remain a civilian programme , under civilian control .
It seems obvious to me that all the countries of West Africa are the Union 's partners by means of the ACP Convention , and are signatories to the Cotonou Agreement and , therefore , do not only have a special relationship with the European Union , but also receive very considerable funds - we are talking about EUR 13 billion - for cooperation projects .
The Council similarly wishes to emphasise that , in order to achieve the objectives set out in Lisbon , the European employment strategy must focus in particular on the challenges that the European Union faces in the long term , especially those affecting the ageing of the population .
You said , and rightly so , that individualised programmes must be created .
However , the presentation of national employment plans takes place at the start of the year .
With regard to cooperation between border control services in the Member States , the Council would refer to paragraphs 24 and 25 of the Tampere European Council Conclusions , in which Council calls for closer cooperation and mutual technical assistance between the Member States ' border control services , such as exchange programmes and technology transfer , especially on maritime borders , and for the rapid inclusion of the applicant States in this cooperation .
The aim of this global plan is to define a common and integrated approach to all issues linked to illegal immigration and human trafficking .
With regard to the Police College , we already have temporary headquarters .
Mr Sacrédeus , I understand that proximity to an EU external border is naturally something that may cause concern , but believe me , the external border with Norway is the least of our worries , because Norway is a country with which we have an agreement , within the Schengen Convention , and is a country that for all intents and purposes is in practice a full member of the European family .
All of this is no more than an idea , however , in the minds of our Justice and Interior Ministers and for the moment does not take any concrete form , and I believe it will take some time to come to fruition .
There are some documents that do not relate to the legislative decision-making process , which fall within the competence of the Member States and , with regard to which , there is no requirement to communicate them