all welfare services .
It must have democratic support and respect the principle of closeness to the people .
I am convinced that this must be borne by those people who are directly affected by the social problems concerned .
Social policy needs to be renewed in order to reduce unemployment in the Member States .
Mr Andersson ' s report demands social convergence , that is to say that systems should be increasingly standardised within and throughout the EU.
The EU should apparently adopt what are called real convergence criteria , which would be binding and of real effect .
The EU should devise guidelines governing the quality of the job opportunities which are to be created , whatever that may mean .
The Member States can devise their own systems in the social sphere , each within the framework of its economic resources and political preferences .
Talk of minimum regulations and poverty thresholds is meaningless to the present Member States and unreasonable as far as less wealthy applicant States are concerned .
It is about artists ' entitlement to copyright or to protection for their artistic products .
It is estimated that , in Europe alone , income of EUR 4.5 billion is lost because of piracy .
There exists a special clause which requires Parliament ' s assent in two cases .
Parliament must therefore give its assent , because the agreement concerns its sphere of competence .
It creates international legal protection in connection with distribution , sale , rental , public reproduction and the making available of works .
Another issue , which is somewhat problematic , is that of intermediate storage .
That would not be a good thing .
Yes or no to an agreement which contains deficiencies .
Both myself , as rapporteur , and the committee think we ought to say yes .
I think they should have .
It is good for us that we have the power to do this , in spite of the fact that we are not completely satisfied .
Finally , I also want to thank this Chamber for being so good as to listen to these words at this late hour .
For many years , I have tried , through the Council and the Commission , to find out why none of the institutions is actively participating in , and working for , conflict resolution in the Western Sahara , which is occupied by Morocco .
I am anxious about the new stipulations in the partnership agreement with the ACP countries , which might make it easier to expel immigrants , asylum seekers and refugees on flimsier grounds .
This is not because of a lack of food , but because of what we have talked a lot about today , namely increasing poverty .
Women appear to be completely absent from all areas , especially development policy when , of course , we are not in reality absent at all .
This ought to be done with , in particular , a view to combating poverty and through investing in the development of capacity .
Other important areas are , of course , the flow of private investments , cooperation on research and technology and the way in which the welfare state deals with , and finances solutions to , a variety of global problems which affect us all .
The report , or survey , which Mrs Maij-Weggen has demanded , showing how the various policy areas fit together and what the aforementioned conflicts appear to be , is naturally quite crucial .
In addition to a report of this kind , I should like to see a more positive analysis which could be ongoing in character .
An analysis of this kind should look not only at the flow of aid but also give comprehensive consideration to all the different types of aid and transfers of resources which influence poor countries .
Finally , Parliament recommends , in paragraph 6 of the draft resolution , that a working party should be established in order to bring about coherence .
There are a lot of people who will be watching further developments with great interest .
In particular , we oppose the sections which deal with fiscal harmonisation and with the Commission ' s becoming involved in telling the Member States what to do ( see , for example , paragraph 7 ) .
( SV ) We have abstained from voting for Jan Andersson ' s report on a coordinated strategy for modernising social security .
We also believe in the principle of subsidiarity whereby decisions are to be taken as close as possible to those they affect .
Social policy is an example of an area in which the EU ought only to have limited powers , except where it is a question of freedom of movement for people within the Union .
We do not believe that common European legislation in these areas is a solution to the problems involved in designing systems of social security .
We wholeheartedly support , at national level , many of the ideas presented in Mr Andersson ' s report .
These values must be given expression in the form of solidarity with the weaker groups in our society and in the world around us .
As we see it , such a position constitutes unduly large interference in national fiscal policy and cannot , therefore , be supported .
Clarification of this kind is missing from the report , which is unfortunate .
This commitment creates unease and has an impact .
This letter is only one example to show that what we do does not fall upon deaf ears , but is followed with close attention by the world around us .
Now , there really is reason to be concerned about developments in China , despite the letter from the Chinese Embassy