organic compounds , we are , in actual fact , still missing part of the legislation .
Tomorrow , Parliament has the opportunity to prevent this disgrace .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , it is a fact that in the European Union , across all sectors of the economy , and also in the world of the private consumer , there is great potential for boosting energy efficiency levels .
Such measures constitute a considerable encouragement to promote energy efficiency , and I believe that we must urge everyone to actually make this happen .
The democratic hole which was left as a result of the fact that the European Parliament will not be receiving codecision power on all the topics which will soon be decided on by qualified majority , must be filled at the earliest opportunity .
But do you realise that in the three-way discussion on this notorious regulation on access to documents , we constantly meet with a Council in full body armour , which does not give an inch and which is causing us the greatest of difficulty ?
In January 1998 , we held a debate on the Council of Europe ' s Protocol , which included a ban on cloning humans .
That is also the only way to protect human dignity .
As a result of this , the second part of the Council ' s text remains unchanged .
Under those circumstances , the true risks often remain unknown to those living in the vicinity , workers , environmental activities and those controlling disasters .
That notion is reinforced by stories about enormous unsalable supplies for which there is seemingly no market which have been doing the rounds for decades .
That also means that that 3 % growth must remain on the agenda and that hence productive investments must be made , not only in the knowledge society but also in social services and in people .
Lastly : Stockholm must first and foremost be a social summit which does not reduce everything to labour market policy , however important that may be , but also maps out courses for the future with regard to social cohesion and solidarity .
This issue will be discussed in the PrepCom which will be taking place in New York between 19 and the end of March .
That fact alone entirely justifies our strategy of conflict prevention , but also forces us to appreciate the complexity of this strategy .
For what have we been witnessing in Macedonia for years now ?
This topic has been discussed many a time in this Parliament , also during the Bosnian wars , because radio and TV have a huge impact on what people think , and how they view each other .
The key question remains , as Mrs Lalumière remarked earlier , whether the European Union will be sufficiently resolute when it comes to prevention .
That is a fertile breeding ground for the illegal arms trade and banditry .
This does not happen in Europe .
It pays for a telephone line which can be used by any farmer across the European Union .
All our amendments have already been approved in the Parliamentary Committee on Foreign Affairs , Human Rights , Common Security and Defence Policy , and that is why we have not tabled any fresh amendments .
Furthermore , the delegations should preferably consist of MEPs mainly , and be sufficiently large in order to be able to gain a sound insight into the elections locally .
Especially in Africa , elections are often accompanied by intimidation , violence , fraud or the elimination of rivals via constitutional reform , as was recently the case in the Côte d ' Ivoire .
Too often , observers arrive late and leave early .
I am aware of my responsibility as Chairman of the Interparliamentary delegation , but I also believe that it is important for us to be critical on occasions .
This includes , among other things , the investigation into the murder of journalist Gongadze .
This on-going scandal is also affecting the European Union .
This profound statement - probably a true Polish wish - is in line with the political desire of the Member States and candidate countries of the European Union .
This injudicious plan contravenes both the spirit and the letter of the framework directive on water .
On the German-Dutch border the European Commission has rightly cut off the flow of EU funds because of the threat to the hamster population .
A precondition for this will be that the European Union develops a transparent and innovation-promoting regulatory framework , as well as an encouraging entrepreneurial climate .
Up to now , the biotechnology sector has been the lame duck as regards legislation facilitating economic support .
After all , food provision , besides being a problem of technological and biological shortcomings , is mainly a distribution issue .
The Netherlands and Great Britain have appealed to the Court and it is better to wait for the judgment .
Because of the above misgivings , I am unable to support the report .
This letter is too bogged down in rather hollow rhetoric on opportunities , whereas Purvis rightly speaks up for the small and medium-sized business that is so important to Europe .
On the other hand , you cannot keep any state lastingly together from above against the will of the majority of the inhabitants of a region , or maintain internationally recognised borders .
For centuries , there have been attempts to join areas inhabited by Ukrainians and to divide them off from Austria-Hungary , Russia , Poland and Turkey .
I agree that we should in this case take advantage of the opportunities for improvement .
His aim is to give scope for rapid commercial use wherever possible