the Council , the European Parliament , the Economic and Social Committee and the Committee of the Regions , its communication concerning the European Union ' s action plan for combating drugs during the period 2000-2004 .
Through the Amsterdam Treaty , a great many new opportunities have arisen which must be examined and utilised , both in the area of protecting people ' s health and in the areas of legal cooperation and of cooperation with the police and customs .
New guidelines were also provided for future work in the fight against drugs .
The decision made in Tampere concerning extended powers for Europol , together with intensified measures against money laundering , will contribute to the European Union ' s fight against drugs .
I think that the questions concerning drugs were dealt with at the Tampere Summit in a useful , more integrated way and with a view to developing a future strategy , especially in regard to combating the drugs trade and adjacent areas such as money laundering .
There is an extremely long list of objectives and fundamental features for the next plan of operations , covering the years 2000-2004 .
I believe that , with these guidelines , very effective measures in this field of work can be produced fairly soon .
However , it is at the same time a fact that cooperation between the police authorities and also between police , customs and legal authorities must be increased .
In the joint action plan for the EU and the United States , signed in Madrid on 3 December 1995 , the following are prescribed under the heading " Reaction to Global Challenges " : increased cooperation in the fight against illegal drug trading , measures of cooperation between competent American authorities and Europol , cooperation in supporting the UN' s drugs monitoring programme , coordination of alternative development programmes designed to counteract drug manufacture , and the setting up of channels of cooperation between appropriate bodies , for example the EU' s European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction and the Inter-American Monitoring Commission for Drug Addiction .
The proposal is currently being dealt with by the Council ' s departments .
My only problem is that these questions do not get out to the public .
We are certainly in agreement about that .
This proposal is being discussed by the Council ' s departments at this moment .
Instead , I believe that we must try to work along these lines .
I should like to refer to a debate we had yesterday about nuclear safety in Eastern Europe .
I am a lawyer , but I must say that , as far as I know , there is no legal basis for being able to demand that any reactor be shut down .
As I see it , there is , however , no special legal reason for requiring applicant countries to take measures such as those described , but political realities may be the basis for making certain demands .
Clearly , the Commission must take account of problems which may arise if , for example , reactors are used which may present a danger to health .
As the honourable Member knows , Article 255 , formerly Article 191a , of the Treaty establishing the European Community reads as follows : "1 . Any citizen of the Union , and any natural or legal person residing or having its registered office in a Member State , shall have a right of access to European Parliament , Council and Commission documents , subject to the principles and the conditions to be defined in accordance with paragraphs 2 and 3 . 2.
Nor has the Council under such circumstances yet been able to begin discussing the matter .
We know , as I mentioned in the question , that COREPER urged the Commission , which is to say the Interim Commission , to submit a proposal .
Quite a long time has passed .
As has been said , openness is one of the absolute priorities for the Finnish Presidency We have therefore been in close contact with the Commission in connection with this issue .
Thank you very much for your answer .
I cannot unfortunately give a clearer answer .
Furthermore , the Council ' s conclusions concerning the further development of the European Community ' s policy on chemicals were adopted by the Council - that is to say , the Council on the Environment - on 24 June of this year .
In these conclusions , the Council urges the Commission to submit a document concerning the new strategy on chemicals before the end of the year 2000 .
Thank you for your answer , which it was also very nice to have in Swedish .
I should like an answer to the question of whether Sweden would be able to take a decision to prohibit these substances by the year 2004 and whether the EU would be able to agree to this ; that is to say , would the precautionary principle prevail ?
In accordance with the general programme in Council Regulation no 793/93 concerning the assessment and monitoring of risks presented by existing substances , three brominated flame retardants are at present under investigation .
The free trade system is urgently required if we are to reduce poverty and create a more just world .
If this agreement is really to become the development agreement which helps reduce the gulf between the world ' s rich and poor States , it is not acceptable to reject , in advance , demands from the other Member States in the World Trade Organisation for a change in our agricultural policy at the Millennium Round To help achieve this objective of reducing the gap between rich and poor States , frontier defences must be lowered and export subsidies phased out .
