is concerned , I have to lament the fact that , despite numerous instances of consultation , the Council again deferred the decision to a later date .
To conclude , the Commission has recently again confirmed to the Council that the aim is to guarantee the sector the economic productivity it needs if the fisheries sector in Europe is to have a sustainable future , and that the purpose of all of these initiatives is not to destroy the sector but to prepare it for and guarantee its future .
Of course , the outcome of the Council meeting is , in some respects , contradictory : on the one hand there are some positive strands , such as the approval in principle of the proposal to reconvert the swordfish fleet which concerns Italy : this is an important decision making the reconversion of that fleet with a significant environmental impact on the Mediterranean part of a possible solution .
And so I believe it is important that we continue along that path in the future also .
Ladies and gentlemen , you must remember that the clause of agreement with Morocco included a provision that , apart from the two months of biological dormancy , and I refer here to cephalopods , any other conservation measure could be jointly agreed between the two parties .
This is a case where a little momentum needs to be imparted .
The subject is very popular with the media and is given great media coverage .
I also think it would be a good idea to begin consultations with the parliamentary sectors concerned , so as to give ourselves plenty of time , and to do this it would be a good thing to have a small task force devoting all its time to this work without having to deal with day-to-day management as well .
I should point out , as is clearly specified in the agreement , that if a MAGP should be concluded by April aid to the fleets will obviously be restored retrospectively .
Mr Baldarelli asked me what the position is regarding MAGP-III .
An additional factor is that , fairly predictably , the price is once again falling after the Christmas festivities .
I think another of your colleagues will be taking over the presidency , but I am pleased with the way we have collaborated , and the way you have collaborated with the Commission .
There were those who described the arguments of Commissioner Fischler at the Cork Conference as a flight of fancy , an utopian view of the future .
Congratulations are therefore first due to the rapporteur who , following exhausting efforts to reach a compromise through a tangle of amendments , managed to emerge with a number of basic proposals on which we shall be able to work in the future .
All forms of coordination and association between owners have also to be encouraged , as is stated in paragraph 12 which refers to increasing forest resources .
There is no doubt that in recent years increasing attention has been paid , including at an international level , to the question of forests : many honourable Members who have taken the floor have already mentioned both the United Nations Rio Conference on the Environment and Development and the Ministerial Conference for the Protection of Forests in Europe that took place in Helsinki in June 1993 .
In short , the Mediterranean forests cannot be dealt with in the same way as the forests of Sweden , and so , at the risk of making what may be a provocative statement , I venture to say that the European forest , in the singular , does not in fact exist : what we have are different aspects of a single issue .
I have never believed it possible to have policies without adequate funding : we can then discuss how to or not to use those funds , but I have never seen a policy with no budget put into effect : miracles are always possible but I have not witnessed many .
There is therefore a wider point here , above and beyond the purely technical matter of the two agreements .
Fourthly , they seem to us to be giving a positive signal and therefore constitute a positive precedent for other third countries in terms of opening-up markets on a reciprocal basis : this is a completely new element .
We need therefore to unhook the third from the second option which suggests a global approach based on the definition of a general framework .
Aside from the fires started by those who are unbalanced in one way or another , there are throughout Europe criminal organizations which start fires in order to benefit from the financial incentives provided for extinguishing fires and for reafforestation .
In point of fact , this is totally inadequate compared with the problem of safeguarding forests and preventing the fires which play so great a part in their destruction .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the Commission , like Parliament , has divided feelings about the situation created by the change in legal basis envisaged by the Council .
However , the Commission shares Parliament 's opinion that this amendment in particular has no legal basis and also that , by removing the proposal from the field of application of the codecision procedure , the Council is infringing the powers of Parliament .
I think it expresses some concern and also a degree of bitterness about the way in which the application of Regulation No 2081/92 on the protection of geographical indications and designations of origin for agricultural products and foodstuffs is being handled .
And it might be said that even now we are experiencing confrontation between the European Parliament , the Commission and the Council on an issue which I consider to be highly sensitive and delicate