Neither Europe nor Africa could tolerate this situation going on any longer .
It is not enough for EU aid to increase .
For example , European security policy has for a long time coexisted with its development policy , sometimes to no good effect .
We believe in a much more multilateral world order , fairer development and the promotion of diversity .
We must work together in order to break the current deadlock and allow the Lisbon Summit to be held .
It is not enough to mobilise funds .
I would cite the example of Nigeria , which has the largest population and which , although one of the wealthiest African countries in terms of its resources , has not seen the development that it requires .
I have faith , Commissioner , in your political will .
I believe that matters must be clear between us with regard to this point : I do not want my plan for Africa to become a kind of Christmas tree to which every MEP , pressure group , NGO or member of civil society comes to hang his or her bauble , at the risk of our losing sight of the main point .
We need to know what is desired .
With regard to natural resources , you will see in the document that we plan to include among the conditions attached to budgetary aid for partner countries the requirement that they allocate the income generated from their natural resources to their national budgets .
I would remind you of another obvious fact : we are the only group of countries in the world that practices the ‘Everything but Arms ’ process .
I will conclude by making a final remark , because I believe that it is important : it is not the small ACP countries that will benefit the most from these preferences , but the large exporting countries like Brazil .
If , within the Ethiopian Parliament , the largest opposition party – the CUD – were to continue to be absent , this could become a factor of instability .
I have also spoken at great length with the members of the opposition to urge them to take up their seats in Parliament in order to make the parliamentary institution function .
These six priorities , which I have already listed within the Committee on Culture and Education , are the following : to reduce the high number of young people leaving school early ; to tackle the need for a sufficient number of scientists ; to implement lifelong education and training strategies that are consistent and that promote social inclusion ; to attract more than one million people to the teaching profession over the next decade ; to tackle the fact that most pupils in the European Union do not achieve the objective of learning at least two foreign languages ; and , finally , to strengthen the open method of coordination and the exchange of good practice in the field of education and training .
The title of Mr Bono’s report in English is ‘Education as the cornerstone of the Lisbon process’ .
They frustrate the profession of the teachers .
There is a problem with the word ‘immigrant’ .
In order for the poorest people to become active partners , however , they first of all need a voice , they need recognition , security and integration .
What are we talking about ?
In 1993 , Jacques Delors organised a European symposium on cities .
The time has come to put an end to such waste .
Everything hinges on whether we can improve our organisation and our effectiveness .
The time has come for the political world , which likes to see itself as an arena of untamed beasts , to address the issue of the tamers ’ circus ; not least because - from the great names like Bouglione to the more humble ones , like those in ‘La Strada’ - circuses forge ties between generations and communities .
Among the founding values of the European Union is one in which we must take particular pride , and that is solidarity towards the weakest .
Furthermore , I should like to remind you of the speech made by Mr Barroso in Berlin and of the speeches made by all of the group leaders within Parliament as part of the 70 cents for culture campaign , all of whom promised an increase in the ‘culture ’ budgets .
Such progress should enable the objective set by the European Commission – that of securing at least 150 000 work placements by 2013 – to be achieved .
This was particularly the case for Amendments 7 , 11 and 13 , adopted by the Committee on Culture and Education .
One form of violence is to argue that culture is pointless .
It was high time this problem was highlighted .
The MEDIA programme helps our cultural , and cinematographic , diversity to exist .
Firstly , it helps future film-makers to find their way and to choose their vocational training .
I know that you are anxious for this to be the outcome , and I would also like to thank the Committee on Culture and Education , as well as its rapporteur , Mrs Hieronymi , for the magnificent job they have both done .
Rather , it is in consideration of their appropriateness , or otherwise , that we are not accepting them .
As for the second amendment , it is desirable to follow the approach that has already been established and to consider such cooperation in the appropriate context , namely that of adhering to the conclusions of the Thessaloniki European Council .
I will therefore simply highlight the fact that , with a funding package that represents 15 % of the sum dedicated to promoting culture and European citizenship in the financial perspectives , the audiovisual sector