Spanish Presidency will try to promote , and which will benefit from the new legislative framework , are those on which there is already a political agreement as a result of the efforts of previous presidencies , and especially the Belgian Presidency , which I would like to acknowledge here .
There has already been progress in this respect , but we believe that efforts must continue to focus , on the one hand , on measures on work opportunities such as those based on a review of the Luxembourg process , so that we may have a better system of incentives in relation to work creation .
Using the environmental indicators which I have just referred to , which were approved at the Laeken Council on 17 January 2002 , a first synthesis report has been presented assessing the process carried out .
Mr President , with regard to priorities of the Spanish Presidency , the Ecofin Council will analyse next week , on 5 March , a priority which responds to a mandate of the Laeken Council , in relation to the need to improve and increase our presence in the development of the countries of the south of the Mediterranean , seeking instruments which take account of costs , but which also allow the countries of the south of the Mediterranean to play a greater role .
Mr President , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , Mr President of the Commission and the majority of the female representation of the Commission , whose presence we should welcome , ladies and gentlemen , the President-in-Office of the Council began his report with the success of the introduction of the euro , which is a success for our peoples , and which has exceeded any expectations we may have had in any of the European institutions .
They created a Stability and Growth Pact in order to monitor others and , in the end , they have had to apply the lesson to themselves .
My group has been committed for many years , and I am thinking of the creation of the single market with its four hundred directives , of the process of structural reforms which has allowed us to create internal markets within the Union .
I do not want to go into Spanish matters , but the Minister for the Economy has enough work to do in Spain in order to deal with the problems of the liberalisation of the energy market .
It is all very well to move ahead with the reform of the labour markets , in a positive fashion , but there is enormous concern about a form of liberalisation which may lead to the disappearance of the rules of the European social model and also a form of liberalisation which replaces public monopolies with private monopolies .
In this regard , we hope that the Barcelona Summit is a summit which can bring positive results and does not become a series of pre-electoral confrontations .
I agree with the President-in-Office of the Council that it is absolutely essential to maintain intact and unharmed the dogmas of price stability and budgetary austerity , both for the large countries and for the small ones .
It is a fine example of sustainable development , because it is a question of taking water from where there is a surplus of it to those places where some days we pray for rain and on others we are moving around in boats following a storm .
Two years have passed since Lisbon and the truth is that , if we look at the evolution of productivity levels , for example , the evolution of the economy itself , not in absolute terms , but in comparison with the United States , or the failure to achieve certain fundamental objectives such as the liberalisation of certain sectors which are still over-protected and which clearly distort competition , the results of this process are not so far satisfactory .
The Spanish National Hydrological Plan is not an enemy of sustainable development .
Mr President , I would like to address the House to talk about the issue of sustainable development at the Barcelona European Council .
While we have managed to incorporate sustainability and the environment into a transversal policy , the latter , the environment , must also open the door to social and economic criteria .
In this regard , I believe that the Commission has acknowledged that , independently of procedural factors , the efforts and commitments made by both countries are clear and thorough from the point of view of the macroeconomic stability of the European Union and the eurozone in particular .
There is a considerable saving in the cost of public services and a considerable increase in employment , and it is unquestionably the responsibility of the public authorities , the regulators , to guarantee such factors as the quality of service and sufficient supply .
I perfectly understand the demand from the parliamentary groups and Members that environmental issues must be at the forefront in terms of structural reform , and in this respect I would like once again to stress that the Barcelona Summit is going to bear these issues in mind , not in a generic way , but in accordance with the environmental indicators approved by the Laeken Council .
That is being used today as an instrument in all the countries of the European Union , and I believe that the benchmarking procedure is useful for analysing questions relating to direct public spending incentives for people to leave behind unemployment benefit and join the labour market with salaries which do not clearly benefit from the fiscal reductions which are taking place in our countries ; with formulae which give people receiving unemployment benefit the incentive to accept job offers and with formulae which reconcile training with the needs of companies , as well as extending working life within our labour markets