.
We also choose , therefore , to abstain from voting on the three reports .     Discharges of substances dangerous for the environment constitute an important political issue .
Unfortunately , I sometimes have the feeling that the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Food Safety then sees its task as that of turning mediocre proposals into bad ones .
I have to say that , in my view , that is extremely stupid .
The fact that Sweden does not measure the water quality at more than 800 such places is not a sign that we are some sort of European Wild West .
It is an example of the way in which , as luck would have it , common sense has prevailed over absurd legislation .
One of many examples of this is the fact that the committee now requires that information concerning the quality of bathing water in , for instance , Härjarö outside Enköping , where I spent many sunny summer days , also be distributed in French .
If the European Parliament is now to compel all the Swedish local authorities to measure water quality at every location bar none , I actually have a good mind to vote against the whole proposal .
Too many Members of this House appear to take a pride in the new regulations that they can claim , back home in their constituencies , to have introduced .
We cannot therefore even debate the existence or otherwise of the Working Time Directive without being subject to accusations of that kind .
The Working Time Directive is in itself a breach of the principle of subsidiarity .
We have different arrangements in the public sector , with different rules governing such matters .
That is a hugely serious accusation to make against those countries that we have accepted as members of the EU and which all fulfil the Copenhagen criteria and are constitutional states entitled to organise themselves as they see fit .
The proposal should therefore definitely be rejected with reference to the principle of subsidiarity .     Madam President , Commissioner , I wish to begin by thanking the rapporteur for the very good job he has done .
This is a minimum directive .
Because we have free movement of capital , these matters are not unrelated to the principle of subsidiarity .
Are we only to think about the free movement of companies or are we also to assume some responsibility for employees ’ health ?
I believe that we must also assume some responsibility for employees ’ health , and we therefore need a minimum directive .
That is why we need this proposal by the rapporteur .     Madam President , it is good that we have now been given the opportunity to revise the Working Time Directive .
Industries too operate differently , and as individuals we also have different needs and desires regarding our working hours .
A single model has to apply for the whole of Europe , meaning that they want to introduce supranationalism where issues of working time are concerned .
As with so many other issues , it is not the case that one solution is best for everyone .
It is not an issue to be regulated in detail at EU level .     We support in principle a closer association of Croatia , Serbia-Montenegro , Bosnia-Herzegovina , Macedonia and Albania with the EU.
The countries concerned must not be acclimatised to the EU’s costly and damaging agricultural policy .
The document concerned should also show what types of aid and entitlements a Framework Agreement would entail .
Neither the EU nor potential Member States are helped in the long run by adaptation to a system that creates dependence upon subsidies .
We are therefore voting in favour of the report .
Over and above the position we adopt on principle , to the effect that the management of bathing water quality is not an issue for the EU , we consider Parliament’s proposal to be more bureaucratic and long-winded than the Council’s .
We are not in favour of the detailed regulations Parliament wishes to introduce , for example stating that the scope of the directive should be extended to include further recreational activities .     Preserving the cultural heritage is , of course , very important .
We believe , however , that this is an issue to be dealt with not by the EU but by the Member States and that we can have plenty of confidence in the latter’s way of handling this issue .
It is up to each individual country to manage the way in which film is regulated .     Obviously , there need to be stringent security requirements for European ports .
Because such ports are often situated in economically weaker regions , this would have unfortunate consequences for the regions .
We have abstained from voting on the resolution by the other groups .
It is in itself extremely positive that you radiate a certain optimism regarding this difficult issue , both where the problem as a whole is concerned and , specifically , when it comes to your reading of Bush .
It is , of course , just as important to engage in dialogue – and dialogue of a strategic nature – with large developing countries such as China and India .
They need not repeat our mistakes , and it is in the interests of all of us to offer them favourable conditions for investing in the best possible technology .
It will be much more difficult to stay within the two-degree increase in temperature established by the EU as an objective and to avoid dangerous climate change .
There is a range of issues in this area to which we must return and in connection with which we must together devise practical objectives .
