is important to emphasise the European Union 's mission of peace between peoples and communities as a key factor for economic and social development , as well as for enhancing human dignity and quality of life for citizens .
That is why I voted as I did .
In April 2009 , the European Parliament adopted its first reading on the proposal , giving its support to the Commission .
It is vital that we approve the present regulation in order to make rail freight transport more competitive compared with what is currently in use .
The one-stop shop will be strategically important for coordination , as the management of requested routes will be realised through it .
Greater powers for Parliament have to be reflected in more responsibility .
With the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon , Parliament needs to show that it has adapted to the new operating conditions and shared responsibility in decision-making processes .
I am voting in favour of the David Martin Report following a long period of negotiation involving all the members of the Group of the European People 's Party ( PPE ) Committee on Constitutional Affairs , of which I am a member .
After the vote at the November session , the vote on further amendments which are not directly related to the treaty 's entry into force was postponed to this session .
It is particularly difficult for smaller organisations such as SMEs , high-tech start ups , smaller institutes , universities and research centres to deal with this complexity .
In this context , it is important for the EU Solidarity Fund to be increased , provided that it is used effectively by governments , so as to mitigate the impact of this crisis on poorer regions .
However , I think that it is important for the draft budget for 2011 to reflect , from the outset , the financial implications of the flagship initiatives contained in the EU 2020 strategy .
Lastly , it is necessary to substantially reduce the amount of money set aside for the military and to change the core objectives of the budget so as to achieve balanced development and social progress .
I am also pleased to see the inclusion of the youth programme as one of the priorities for the coming year in the Commission 's draft , but I am disappointed that there has only been a token increase in funding , when more was expected from these initiatives .
However , the regulatory measures proposed must not lead to an obvious deterioration in the coverage of risks for companies .
Given the size of the derivatives market and its impact on the global economy , as has become evident in the current economic and financial crisis - and the exponential rise of the risk component in the global market - I believe that ensuring transparency is crucial .
They urge the Commission to consider maximum risk limits for derivatives , particularly CDS , and to establish an agreement on them with its international partners .
In the past , derivative instruments played an important role by transferring risk in the economy .
I welcome the general thrust of the notice presented by the Commission .
The next step is moving towards a progressive transformation of a network of interconnected computers to a network of interconnected objects - the Internet of Things - from books to cars , from household appliances to food .
For this reason , I support this proactive approach , without forgetting that the Internet of Things is aimed at benefiting people first and foremost .
I share the concerns included in the resolution on the need to address restrictions on Internet access for political reasons as well as bringing about greater security for children and adolescents in using the network .
However , it is vital that the EU has a common frame of reference to reinforce the provisions relating to overseeing the system , confidentiality , information security , ethical management , privacy , collection and storage of personal data and consumer information .
The technology behind this step , RFID , is called a tag : an electric component made of a chip and an antenna .
So-called information and communication technologies ( ICT) have played an important role in promoting social development , economic growth , research , innovation and creativity in public and private European bodies .
I support the European Commission 's favourable stance towards the current management model based on leadership in the private sector .
It is vital that the EU develops a strategy on the fundamental aspects of governing the Internet , and I support the Spanish Presidency 's initiative to draft a ' European charter on the rights of Internet users ' .
They should call for greater access and participation in the governance of the Internet without undermining the leading role of private use and daily management of the network in doing so , as this has proved essential for the vitality and growth of the Internet .
Internet access both ensures and depends on the exercising of a number of fundamental rights , including respect for private life , data protection , freedom of expression and association , freedom of the press , non-discrimination , education and cultural and linguistic diversity .
Today , the Internet is one of the main means of disseminating democratic values throughout the world , and it is an indispensable tool for promoting all kinds of ideas , political debate and the spread of knowledge .
Difficulties related to a lack of critical mass must be taken into account in order to encourage better use of the potential for areas such as research and innovation in these regions .
Innovation policy must address the great social problems that we are facing , bringing together all those involved .
