Unfortunately I am unable to thank the President-in-Office as well .
Is this of no concern to the Council ?
Will the Council give us answers to these questions , convincing ones at least ?
It is well known that the first generation RBMK and VVER 440/230 Soviet reactors are dangerous , since they are unable to withstand accidents .
Madam President , the Commission proposal on the fixing of premiums and quotas for tobacco over the next three years centres around two main issues .
As regards the second issue , the introduction of the Katerini variety into Italy will affect the operation of the market both in terms of prices and stocks , since it will have a negative impact on the balance of supply and demand , and in terms of the quality of this variety of tobacco , since the soil and climatic conditions of the new producer regions are totally different from the regions where it has been grown for the last 30 years .
I am still waiting for Mr Fischler to give me the name and the relevant details .
I would just like to say a word in conclusion .
That was Mr Trakatellis 's question .
Madam President , the Commission 's annual economic report is a valuable document which covers the European Union 's economic activity in an international context .
Nevertheless , Madam President , I believe we need to give this subject a good deal more thought .
If we do not do this , I very much fear that we shall be vulnerable to the political sirens who advocate solutions which , flying in the face of experience , persist in tackling classic structural economic problems by anticyclical methods .
I do not believe that a reduction of a quarter of one per cent in the interest rate will be enough to alter the course of the economy in Europe .
We must not let it lose its value and , above all , we must not try to use it to solve other problems on a temporary basis , without reflecting on the long-term objective which , in the final analysis , is what we must all aim for .
In 1992 , America was in a state of crisis , Mr Herman , and it did not recover from the crisis by relaxing regulations , since regulations in America were already rather loose , and there were no market controls which , you say , hamstring the European economy .
We want to pursue a policy to benefit workers , while you want to pursue a policy to benefit stockbrokers .
We have a radically different social and political agenda .
The fault lies with the crises in the third world , for which the third world is to blame .
This has been the case for some ten years now .
What are we seeing now ?
We have become like the Bourbons , Commissioner and Mr Fourçans , who never learned anything and never forgot anything .
It should be noted that in 1993 , with the abolition of internal borders , this particular sector suffered job losses in excess of 80 or 85 % .
Because of the criteria for entry into the profession and the personal qualities required - professional ability , reliability and presence of mind - customs agents are now on a par with those who work in the customs authority .
However , this is an unfounded argument , because on the one hand , customs agents are self-employed , they do not have a collective tariff , and they are in competition with each other .
The report by Mr Paasilinna , whom I congratulate on his work , convincingly refutes the claims of the Commission .
This situation is mainly due to the introduction of flag changes , to austerity measures and to cheaper manpower from third countries .
The cargo services sector seems to have been hit the hardest by these changes , but it seems that passenger services and ferry services may also be affected .
First of all , given that the directives cover all vessels which belong to the European Union but which are registered outside the Community , and given that there are maritime areas between Member States which are regarded as international waters , many questions arise as to the compatibility of the directive with the international commitments of the European Union and its Member States and with international law and international conventions .
The proposal may go some way to putting a stop to the use of cheap labour , but it will not protect the sustainability of the services or employment .
Mr President , on the occasion of the debate on the amendment of Council Regulation No 3577/92 , I would like to say that we think it essential to highlight the negative impact that the relaxation of cabotage has had on the employment of maritime workers in the Community .
However , the Commission has failed to draw the necessary conclusions from the current implementation of the Council regulation on the relaxation of cabotage .
This will mean segregating the crew into those who are included in the integrated structure by being listed on the ship 's register , and those who are not .
Against this background , we support the report of the Committee on Transport and Tourism , which is calling for the proposals in question to be rejected .
Moreover , we believe that equal treatment must include not just conditions of employment , but must also cover working and safety conditions , pay and the implementation of collective bargaining agreements for the whole of the crew .
Specifying the conditions for the employment of third-country nationals , which must be the same as the conditions applying to residents of the Member State which is the flag state , does not however deal with the problem of undeclared , uninsured