Spanish newspaper , which stated that young people seeing , for example , a person throw themselves off the fourth floor of a building and yet run away unharmed or a person stop a speeding bullet with their bare hands without suffering any ill effects , contributes to many young people being unaware of the real danger of such situations .
Furthermore , in the Committee on Culture , Youth , Education , the Media and Sport , of which I am a member , each time we talk about education issues , one of our colleagues takes note of how many times the word 'subsidiarity ' comes up in the debate .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , last Saturday , in Madrid , I participated in one of the many round tables organised within the NGO forum that accompanied the Second United Nations World Assembly on Ageing .
In these countries , none of the three stated priorities have been satisfactorily met and , if there is any sign at all , this is to be found in the third area , that of respect for the elderly and of assuming shared responsibility for them , in which some positive signs have been reported .
This is this essence of the message of support that we want to send from Parliament to the Guatemalan people , to those who are fighting for their freedom and to their political authorities .
We regret the abuses committed by certain economic agents , who see nothing wrong in using arms trafficking , drugs trafficking , money laundering and even kidnapping to increase their wealth .
These States are not democratic and , in order to maintain the traditional privileges of ownership , they dominate and marginalise the indigenous minorities , and create dictatorial regimes that torture and murder if these minorities should dare to rebel .
We have been talking about the need for dialogue in Colombia .
The statistics speak for themselves , and we should not forget that behind each of these figures hides the face of a child , whose eyes are pleading for our help .
Such climate changes were also seen in the Autonomous Community of Valencia , causing a great deal of destruction to districts such as la Marina and la Safor .
Mr President , I think that Mr Pomés has explained the situation : torrential rain in the Canaries and in south-eastern Spain , which has caused a great deal of damage , especially in the town of Santa Cruz de Tenerife , where eight people died and 400 homes were lost , with many cars and much private property being destroyed .
In concrete terms , the town of Santa Cruz de Tenerife is built on steep riverbanks that have been blocked off , yet construction has continued due to demographic pressure and the need to use the land .
The saddest fact , however , is that eight people died as a direct result .
I would therefore ask that it be removed from the agenda and that we proceed directly to the vote tomorrow in order to save time , both for the President and for all the other Members .
As well as holding the meeting , the fact that we have been able to achieve conclusions which enjoyed the consensus of all the parties present was also a success .
It is a wonderful report which I value very highly .
If we look back , we have travelled a long way since Barcelona , and proof of this lies in the fact that we have signed eleven of the twelve association agreements we intended to reach with the countries of the South .
This means not only maintaining the process 's potential for transformation , but also providing innovations both in terms of form and basis .
The principle of capillarity : that it be communicated to all the players present .
And it is also envisaged that the plan will for the first time be subject - being a specific action plan approved by everybody - to monitoring and an assessment of compliance at the next Sixth Ministerial Conference in Barcelona , which I believe will make it more credible .
In the commercial field it includes a series of measures to facilitate investments and implement the liberalisation of services .
We have also decided to extend the Tempus programme to the Mediterranean partners , which would allow for the development of cooperation between universities on the two sides of the Mediterranean and , very importantly , the incorporation into the university world of the two sides of the Mediterranean as players in the creation of the Euro-Mediterranean partnership .
We are witnessing an unprecedented level of violence , with a horrendous number of victims .
It is absolutely essential that medical and assistance organisations can carry out their tasks .
I must point out that they share that concern and I am aware that they are taking measures .
I would now like to refer very briefly to the efforts we have made over recent weeks .
We also held an extraordinary General Affairs Council as a result of the seriousness of the crisis .
I believe this reflects something that we in the European Union have always advocated : the international community 's involvement must be based on the greatest possible degree of unity in its actions and positions , because we are all aware that there can be no solution without the United States , but that neither can there be a solution with the United States alone .
In this Declaration , Israel was urged to cease the military operations , to comply with international humanitarian principles , to allow full and unhindered access for humanitarian organisations and services , to refrain from the excessive use of force and to make every possible effort to guarantee the protection of civilians .
