This must be reflected in the action plan .
"e-Europe " means more than just "e-commerce " .
Otherwise , it will not properly take off .
There is a need for diversity , but now more standards are being sought for Digital Subscriber Lines with the help of which it will be possible to upgrade the network .
It is not we politicians who should decide on these standards .
Moreover , one of the reasons why we have relatively high growth in the world economy and , at the same time , low inflation lies precisely in these new technologies .
I think we are all fascinated by all the new products and applications which are being made available .
We live at a time when education is becoming ever more important as a factor in production .
We are all born with the potential to learn and acquire knowledge .
It is also a question of developing new teaching methods and distance learning .
Another area which is just as important is that of the opportunities for using the new technologies to make the use of energy and materials more efficient .
We are only at the beginning of an important discussion , and I look forward to further stimulating dialogue .
It is wonderful that there should be such a lot of interest in this area .
The significance of e-commerce is difficult to overestimate .
We must allow the market , that is to say purchasers and vendors , to choose for themselves .
An important part of creating growth in the new economy is to increase the flow of venture capital for newly started-up and expanding businesses .
Avoid being so fearful and negative .
That would be Europe ' s loss .
We have voted in favour of the EU' s Charter of Fundamental Rights being introduced as a matter to be considered by the Intergovernmental Conference , thereby guaranteeing , among other things , citizens ' rights in relation to the EU' s institutions .
- ( SV ) At the Council ' s meeting in Cologne , it was decided that an EU Charter of Fundamental Rights should be prepared .
We are , however , hesitant about making such a Charter legally binding before it has been fully clarified what that would mean in practice .
The Charter should concentrate on the relationship between citizens and the European institutions .
We would emphasise the subsidiarity principle and the fact that the Charter should concentrate on the fundamental freedoms and rights of citizens , as presented in accordance with the Member States ' common constitutional traditions .
( SV ) It is incompatible with the subsidiarity principle and proximity principle that the 626 Members of the European Parliament should pronounce upon what vision of the family and what legislation affecting the family the 15 Member States and the twelve candidate states ' national parliaments should arrive at .
This is with a view to making our country ' s legislation more friendly to families and children and out of an active desire to support stable and long-term parental relationships which can meet children ' s needs for security , care and socialisation .
As I understand it , Portugal does not intend , during its presidency , to take any initiatives on this issue .
ECHO has assumed the major responsibility of constantly providing for the refugees and , whenever this organisation wavers , the voluntary organisations are left powerless .
I cannot think of anything worse than languishing for 25 years among the sand dunes and being taken in by referenda year upon year , only then to starve to death .
All societies and all States which stifle their own press are after one thing only : to silence debate and to extinguish the vital spark of democracy , which is to say the open and free society .
A desperate , dictatorial leader is oppressing his own people .
I therefore want to ask Commissioner Nielson what he and the EU are doing to ensure that Mr Milosevic is brought to justice before the International War Crimes Tribunal in The Hague .
( SV ) We conservatives support most of the measures against racism and xenophobia in the Ludford report .
Swedish travel agents are to be the first in the world to actively combat the child sex trade , which is rife in many so-called tourist paradises .
There are TV and cinema advertisements , posters at the airports and large placards .
It is about touching people ' s consciences .
I also want to talk about the sexual dimension to life .
A mistake has nonetheless crept into our opinion .
I want this part to be removed and I want to give notice of the fact now , before we proceed to the vote .
( Parliament adopted the resolution ) Report ( A5-0068/2000 ) by Mr Ferber , on behalf of the Committee on Budgets , on the budget guidelines for the 2001 budgetary procedure : Section I - European Parliament , Section II - Council , Section IV - Court of Justice , Section V - Court of Auditors , Section VI - Economic and Social Committee , Section VII - Committee of the Regions , Section VIII - Ombudsman ( Parliament adopted the resolution ) Motion for a resolution ( B5-0289/2000 ) by Mrs Jackson and Mr Blokland , on behalf of the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Policy , on aeroplane hushkits ( Parliament adopted the resolution ) Joint motion for a resolution on Mediterranean policy Concerning Amendments Nos 4 and 5 :
The biggest challenge confronting the European Union over the next few years is enlargement to include the countries in Eastern and Central Europe .
Instead , " the social and cultural dimension of Europe " is chosen as the most