We have however voted in favour of many of the committee’s amendments in order to emphasise our support for a refugee policy that is more humane than that expressed in the Council directive and that fulfils current standards laid down in international conventions .     Parliament’s changes , which do not force countries to refuse to handle applications from people from ‘safe countries’ , which demand shorter processing times and which would require asylum seekers not to be treated as criminals , are along the right lines .
When we vote today on this directive , it will instead be the Council’s proposals , which are inimical to human rights , that we shall in practice be voting on .
The big difference between now and 15 to 25 years ago is that the regions are very active in their own development .
What it does is sum up this feeling and this desire that exist throughout Europe , including in the city suburbs , that everyone is needed on the continent of Europe , that everyone is important and that all regions have something to contribute .
If we do not do so , we shall be making a mistake .
We also have very extensive natural resources that we can use in tourism and for recreation .
I therefore wish to emphasise a number of points in the report that I think are important .
The second is that we cannot accept sectoral policy areas , which have the opposite effect of merely strengthening the centre .
I think that this is a constructive report , and I really do hope that the Commission will listen to what Parliament has to say .     Mr President , I first want to thank our rapporteurs .
In that case , freight and passengers must be able to travel quickly and smoothly on the railways .
It was a good decision , but it still has to be put fully into practice .
I come from a country in which we have opened up passenger traffic in our own way .
We have done so not through outright deregulation but in , so to speak , a peculiarly Swedish way .
It is important to open up the markets for passengers as well , and I am convinced that we shall in time have a national opening-up of passenger traffic too .
I am an advocate of long-term thinking , but the Swedish version is surely wrong in referring to the ‘financial framework 2007–2123’ .
The June List therefore believes that Turkey should in the long run be able to become a member of the EU.
Quite a few requirements concerning respect for human rights have not been implemented .
That is another important reason for delaying membership negotiations .
I believe that a certain freedom to pursue one’s own financial policy is important , especially so as to be able , in sparsely populated districts , to contribute to credit guarantee associations capable of bringing about cooperation at local level .
Mr Jarzembowski’s report now proposes that passenger services too , both international and national , be opened up , with a particular timetable being followed .
Cooperation must be based on trust and intergovernmental agreements .
If regulation is needed in this area , it needs to be brought about through the national authorities in the countries concerned .
We are therefore voting against Parliament’s suggested changes to the Commission ’s proposal .
We question whether the proposed regulations are desirable and whether they will have the intended effect .     We Swedish Social Democrats have chosen to abstain on the issue of a stronger partnership for the outermost regions .
Many European regions have special needs and difficulties because they are very distant from commercial centres , are sparsely populated or have difficult terrains and climates .
We think that the Marques report goes too far in its demands for more subsidies for agriculture and fisheries .
The report discusses the importance of extra subsidy for the fishing industry , partly through investment in modernising the fishing fleet with a view to increasing its profitability .
We must now make the conversion and embark upon work designed to produce renewable energy sources and fuels .
In the transport area , we must carry out research with a view to producing new renewable fuels , placing our hopes in , for example , synthetic diesel .
We have talked about the railways today and decided to develop rail traffic .
We are critical of the proposal that the EU be represented by a single seat on the UN Security Council .
What this shows is that small countries too have an important role to play in the UN and in international politics .
Why is Germany trying to obtain a seat on the Security Council ?
The UN summit made clear the need for cooperation in combating terrorism , climate change , international crime and weapons of mass destruction and in dealing with migration .
Following the initiative taken by the Swedish Foreign Minister , involving 13 female foreign ministers and Commissioner Ferrero-Waldner , we now have the peacebuilding work on which to adopt a position .
In the transition from conflict to a sustainable peace , all resources and civil solutions are needed .
How do we now follow this up in the EU ?
I regret that it is only Sweden and another four countries that provide aid amounting to 0.7 % .
We have seen a serious deterioration in an already bad situation in Belarus , and the regime is now , more and more , showing the classic characteristics of a political dictatorship .
I hope that they will be informed about the EU’s support for the democratic opposition .
It is important for Europe to be a model in the global work to promote road safety , and that is something we