We started work on a code of conduct , particularly among the Auberges de Jeunesse , but frankly speaking the result was not encouraging .
The first relates to the future management of cod stocks in NAFO zone 2J3KL , and the second to the hypothesis that the objection procedure might be abolished if a new framework for conflict resolution were to be introduced .
Without prejudice to the right of objection , it is of course quite possible to engage in debate and dialogue with a view to resolving any conflicts , but without abolishing the objection procedure , for which legal provision currently exists , given that NAFO is not a supranational organization .
Secondly , discussions are under way within the Commission to determine joint forms of participation for 1999 ; furthermore , we believe that since NAFO on the one hand and the NEAFC on the other are the only two regional conferences providing relative guarantees for international waters , and in the hope of reaching management agreements for the waters of other oceans , 1999 will be a key date when it comes to reopening the debate on monitoring arrangements in international waters , for instance in the South Atlantic or other oceans to which no management measures as yet apply .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , first of all I am grateful to the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Protection , and in particular the rapporteur , Mrs Oomen-Ruijten , for the report on the Council 's common position regarding the adoption of this directive amending Directive 84/450 so as to include comparative advertising .
The acceptable amendments are Nos 1 , 2 , 4 , 8 , 9 , 16 , 20 and 21 , which include the partially acceptable former Amendments Nos 7 and 14 , whereas the others are unacceptable , at least at this stage .
Amendment No 12 is unacceptable because of the excessive and pointless administrative burden which its inclusion would place on advertisers ; I am referring in particular to the problem of the 48 hours .
As regards the question of comparisons of products presented as imitations - one Member referred to copy-cat products , singling out a well-known brand of jeans - we take the view that the reference made in recital 17 of the common position and the protection afforded by the trade mark are sufficient .
I am convinced that the amendments which we have accepted will serve to improve the text .
Mr President , we are now examining the recommendation for second reading concerning the common position established by the Council on 14 May with a view to the adoption of a Community programme of action on health monitoring within the framework for action in the field of public health .
I would therefore stress that all we are seeking to do here is to harmonize the scientific jargon , and not national health systems .
The third point is the proposed European Health Observatory , and in particular the call for feasibility studies to be carried out for the setting-up of this permanent body , to be responsible for monitoring and evaluating health data and indicators in the Community area .
For one thing , the programme cannot develop in five years with ECU 13 million and , for another , it excludes the existence of a stable structure , a European Health Observatory which would consolidate the data and make it productive and permanent .
So there it is , a faceless Europe , but the truth is those fears are astonishing .
Lots of talk and little action .
Then we have the fight against crime , a priority that will be worthless if pursued in isolation and unless a genuine common internal policy is put into effect .
The European Parliament is , however , seriously concerned because we can see that there is a stalemate : the Intergovernmental Conference seems in fact to be paralysed by conflicting views .
Were that to happen , the very construction of the Union would be called into question .
I shall end here , Mr President .
The Council is thinking in terms of a special envoy , but it seems to me that that envoy will have to be one of the foremost political and governmental leaders we have available to us - no-one else will do .
Now that we have made the demand publicly , we should seek to obtain satisfaction .
Only the poor know what it is to be poor .
In my report of March this year , I stated that there are 52 million people living in poverty in Europe ; although dating back to 1988 , that statistic should prevent us sleeping at night .
When it made 30 , 000 employees redundant , IBM in America has had to take on psychiatrists to help the scientists who were on the brink of insanity and extreme poverty .
It is on the increase above all because of the growth in unemployment ; the increase in the number of insecure and atypical jobs ; and , increasingly as compared with the past , it has to be recognized that it is possible to have a job and still be poor .
One of them immediately : succeed in persuading all of the Member States that we have to reach agreement on the issue of the legal bases and provide for resources in the Community budget .
Then we have the geopolitical aspect : this involves passing on positive values to other state units produced by the Yugoslav diaspora , something that will happen if Slovenia formally and effectively adheres to the European principles of supranational democracy , avoiding discrimination based on nationalism , upholding in short the principles of European citizenship .
It would , however , be wrong , including in relation to this House ,