of regional or minority languages of such possible resources .
It is a pity that the last President , his personal inflexibility or even his pride prevented Parliament from discovering the truth regarding the result of the vote on Amendment No 16 .
It was a violation of our rights .
This is the only possible approach and does not prevent the EU from presenting its own opinions and objectives within the framework of global partnership .
I would in this connection like to highlight one basic mechanism that has an effect on stability and peace : a clean environment .
Clean water , as was shown in Jordan recently , is a vital necessity , and to attain it all the countries in the West Bank region must find a solution both separately and together .
Excessive water extraction , conducting untreated waste water to Jordan , and the uncontrolled dumping of community waste have led to unthinkable health risks and a shortage of water .
The reason is not low levels of finance or a lack of know-how and technology .
A neutral mediator is needed to initiate decision-making that overrides political controversies .
Mr President , I wish to express my sincere thanks to my colleague , Fernando Fernández Martín , for the pithy though balanced report he has drafted .
I would also ask Commissioner Nielson to convey my thanks to those involved in drafting the Commission communication .
The practice of tying aid may in theory even turn development aid completely on its head , with the donor benefiting and the country intended as the recipient becoming poorer than ever .
Our rapporteur estimates that the net benefit of untying could be the equivalent of as much as USD 5 billion in terms of cash .
Reduced effectiveness in development cooperation is therefore by no means a trivial matter when measured in real terms .
The key competition principles agreed in the EU will work to the advantage of the developing countries in this .
Then local sourcing and sourcing from other developing countries will also be possible , as we have already seen , resulting in a multiplier effect on the effectiveness of aid .
Mr Sterckx has worked hard in drafting this report and , moreover , he , together with Mr Vermeer , has proposed many well justified amendments , which I hope the whole of Parliament will support .
There has to be adequate salvage and oil-slick control equipment to ensure that , when necessary , it can be at the scene of an accident quickly and that a catastrophe such as this never happens again .
In order to improve safety at sea we need global agreements concluded within the International Maritime Organisation .
I also would like to mention an example .
At the same time , the risk of an accident involving petroleum products in the environmentally highly sensitive area of the Baltic Sea has grown quickly .
I would like to use this opportunity to ask the Commissioner when the Commission intends to issue an ice classification directive applicable to the Union .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I support this report on the Prestige .
It is unusually susceptible to the damaging effects of petroleum products .
At the upper end of the Gulf of Finland another oil harbour is already being built which constitutes a threat to the safety of the entire sea .
At the same time ferry traffic between Helsinki and Tallinn is on the increase , so now we urgently need the proposal promised by the Commissioner for traffic arrangements in this sea .
There were collisions just last winter : ships crashed into one another .
The Baltic Sea should also have special zones which these ships could traverse only with the protection of an escort , for example a pilot ship , with oil slick control facilities .
I support the establishment of a temporary committee of inquiry to deal with this matter .
The Prestige accident that happened 10 months ago brought about an ecological and economic disaster of exceptional proportions .
It has to be said , actually , that most of the necessary legislation to promote safety at sea already exists .
The first requirement is for Member States to make the Erika legislation that has been adopted part of national law as quickly as possible and monitor its application strictly .
According to the UN Convention on the Law of the Sea , a coastal state has no authority over vessels transiting along its coastline flying the flag of another state and outside its territorial waters .
The Convention does not reflect present maritime reality .
A coastal state is in the best position to monitor ships off its coast and should be given certain powers to take action in exceptional cases .
That will be an important tool , particularly in the protection of the seas .
I myself have proposed that the EU should join the Arctic Council .
Madam President , Commissioner , it is natural gas that will meet the European Union 's growing need for energy in the near future .
Reserves in relatively nearby areas - the North Sea and North Africa - are only sufficient to meet needs for the next 10 or 20 years , and gas will have to be imported from the east .
The EU 's position must not be too NATO-dependent concerning this .
The best security policy will be for the EU to participate in investment in Russia 's gas resources in exchange for long-term supply contracts .
There are no such contracts being made in the markets .
Responsibility for the security of supply of both oil and gas lies with the Member States , and this responsibility cannot be transferred to market forces .
Our group supports the strains of criticism the rapporteurs direct at the Commission 's proposals