The European Parliament has a role beyond the frontiers of Europe .
It welcomes us all into its shade , especially those previously sidelined and excluded : children , women and the indigenous peoples .
I require public servants to respond efficiently and effectively to the economic and social needs of their fellow citizens .
Significant resources are also being devoted to modernising infrastructure and to energy generation .
They are now but genuinely so .
Increased investment with an undertaking to reach 1 % of Gross Domestic Product is another .
My Government has given clear evidence of its political will to continue dialogue with the Zapatista movement .
The process was complemented by a campaign to promote respect of these fundamental rights the world over .
It is contributing to the effectiveness of international monitoring in this field , and helping to ensure worldwide recognition of these rights .
Our concern for respect for human rights within our borders and beyond has led us to mount a sustained attack in defence of Mexicans working in the United States , regardless of their status as immigrants .
It amounts to an attack on the dignity of mankind itself , and places public authorities on the same footing as criminals as far as violence is concerned .
We are called on to work alongside other nations , parliamentary groups , civil organisations , research centres , families and individuals .
This plan exemplifies my government 's explicit recognition that given the economic and political conditions now prevailing in the twenty-first century , it is not enough simply to update development policy .
Together with my fellow Heads of State I will study the proposal carefully at the Madrid meeting .
Like Europe , Mexico was and is a meeting point where a variety of cultures converge .
Thank you for your attention .
The mediation of the European Union is crucial and we must therefore roundly reject the unfair and unfounded accusations that Community contributions are being misused .
One of them , which has been mentioned by the High Representative , is the vote in the Likud Congress .
I therefore believe that we must try to ensure that this process is as quick as possible .
Therefore in reality the anti-Semites are the ones who really want to monopolise this issue .
Perhaps this puts the recent vote of that body against the creation of a Palestinian States into perspective , but the resolution exists .
Sharon - of course - has just said that Arafat has said nothing new .
Circumstances like the current ones , which have been pointed out by Mr Patten , many Members , and myself are not going to come about again .
The third issue I wanted to mention - as I have said many times and I repeat today , since I am convinced of it , though I could be mistaken , but I know that even in the European Parliament people can make mistakes - is that I believe we have had a lot of experience of peace processes since the Madrid Conference , including the Oslo Conference until the present time ; however , what we have not had , unfortunately , is actual peace .
That short phrase of three words contains a very large part of the solution to one of the most difficult problems : the problem of the refugees .
The Palestinians know that if the Palestinian State were established today , they would not be in a position to operate as effectively as we would like and therefore we must give them the opportunity to prepare themselves adequately and to have the guarantee that the Palestinian State is a State that functions , that is viable and that defends the values which we all , and above all they all , or the majority of them , wish to be respected .
We need all of you in order to build a great country .
If you believe that I have been sitting back in relation to this conflict , I think you are wrong and , if you will allow me , I could look back and recall moments when the European Council has been sitting back .
I sincerely believe that the European Union is fulfilling its obligations .
The European Council was conceived as the motor for the European Union 's great political strategies and it should therefore have a speedier and simpler working mechanism which is more suited to that objective .
This includes deciding what Council to prepare and what form it should take .
The third issue raised in the report is an issue whose solution will fall to the Convention and ultimately to the Intergovernmental Conference .
I understand this , but all countries should consider that when the day comes that we are twenty-something countries , they will have to wait a long time for the Presidency to come round again .
As I have said , in Barcelona I presented an initial brief report indicating these kinds of issues almost in note form .
As for myself , what I wanted to present to you was a much smaller and more modest idea , which can be carried out immediately with just political will and which could have positive results in terms of the good functioning of the European Union .
If necessary , and as suggested by the Court of Auditors in its annual report , the Commission should make modifications , in order to take account of the different developments , by applying the existing budgetary instruments .
Naturally , it does not fall to me to decide this ; there would have to be a provision in the Financial Regulation which , as you know , would have to be approved unanimously by the Member States .
Mr President , the Council has never debated the question posed by Mr Ortuondo Larrea as it is not within the scope of the