I believe that this is a serious mistake and that it would not just send an inappropriate message about the European Union 's double standards when assessing human rights in the world , but also about our institutional inconsistency , since we should remember that the European Parliament recently adopted a resolution that expressed quite the opposite point of view .
Furthermore , we should remember that , according to Amnesty International , at least 31 people were put to death during 2004 .
The facts are blatantly clear : Mr Rodríguez Zapatero’s government has carried out a reform of the organic law on the judiciary , breaking the pre-existing pact on the judiciary , changing the rules half way through the mandate of the General Council of the Judiciary and preventing any judicial appointment from going ahead without the political green light from a blocking minority taking their orders from the government .
Mr President , I do not have the wrong Parliament .
In a situation such as this , legislative zeal leads to excesses , and rather than harmonisation , rigid rules can create an imbalance in the conditions faced by drivers from the peripheral States .
What we are being told is that , in the Europe of 2005 , the unemployment rate is going to rise and there is going to be economic stagnation .
We cannot talk about the European social model without looking at those countries and we cannot express self-satisfaction when what has been carried out is a review of the Stability Pact based on the political interests of large countries which are not growing and which are not creating employment , and when doubts are being raised about the very nature of the Stability Pact and when there is a lack of confidence in the economic reforms that the European Union requires .
Combating doping in sport must therefore clearly be one of our political objectives , as it is in many of our countries .
The Convention on Cultural Diversity must be a genuine instrument for international cooperation , which protects and promotes the diversity of cultural content and artistic expression in the face of the pressures from globalisation and international trade policy .
The recovery objective proposed by the Commission for hake took mortality by fishing as a reference , while my report proposes , as recommended by the scientists , an ideal biomass level , complemented by a fishing effort limitation scheme based on geographical areas and categories of fishing gear .
We must mention something that the Commission tends to forget : the socio-economic repercussions .
The Commission presented us with an initial proposal which treated the situations of hake and cod equally .
We should therefore all be pleased , since I believe that this is the right approach , as is being demonstrated in the case of the Mediterranean .
If it comes out with fish in it , it cannot be claimed that the species is in danger , and they are bringing up more fish than ever .
In this case , therefore , we have established a minimum duration for recovery of ten years , which allows these conditions to be taken into account .
I believe that is pretty obvious and that , therefore , with regard to the climatological dimension of what we are discussing here , the problem faced by Portugal is practically identical to that faced by a large part of Spain .
So that is the first thing I wished to stress : this is not an isolated situation , it is not a crisis that will pass , but it is something that warrants in-depth consideration and therefore requires medium - and long-term political measures .
Furthermore , we are asking that it be extended to other countries of the south .     .
That , moreover , is what is in jeopardy for various reasons , including some purely bureaucratic reasons affecting the European Commission .
Nevertheless , we must also be very aware that the humanitarian issue actually hides the real problem , which is a political one .
Europe is looking to Spain , and the Spanish Government must therefore lead the process of resolving this conflict .
In addition to these harsh conditions in Tindouf because these 150 000 human beings live in the middle of the desert without any comforts they are faced , however , with a situation in which our humanitarian assistance is being reduced .
The European Union also has a responsibility as the main donor of aid from the United Nations .
The Sahrawi people have demonstrated their capacity for organisation and for managing resources .
For all these reasons , we wish to call on the European Commission to guarantee respect for the right to asylum in the European Union and to put an end to collective expulsions .
The European Parliament’s report on human rights that we are discussing this afternoon makes an extremely important contribution and I would like to begin by paying a warm tribute to Mr Coveney on his excellent work , which illustrates once again this Parliament’s firm commitment to human rights .
The Commission supports a wide range of projects dealing with the different aspects of this problem and , following a thorough analysis , we have decided to direct funds from the European Initiative for Democracy and Human Rights towards support and training programmes in third countries .
This means that we have an immense responsibility to protect them , we must focus on improving the follow-up and communication of information and , in this regard , a firm commitment on the part of the European Union 's missions and the Commission 's delegations in the world .
This is the only way to ensure that it is seen as a legitimate institution and to ensure that many other States sign up to the Rome Statute which established the Court .
The adoption on 31 March of a United Nations