citizens to feel responsible for what happens in their common area .
This is not mentioned in the social action programme despite the fact that its development seems to me to be an important element in modernising labour relations .
We would finally like to stress the need to develop a new political doctrine for the Union in terms of both the content of the negotiations and democratic control .
The creation of a global economic area in the field of electronic commerce is , to my mind , completely premature , particularly when we know that the US is the market leader in terms of the Internet .
The rapporteur herself has just admitted this .
Everyone has mentioned - including Mr Sainjon and other speakers - the banana issue , the unilateral 100 % customs duties , the Helms-Burton legislation , Libya , Iran , Pernod-Ricard , etc .
Why will Europe not accept them ? '
In the case of bananas , it is quite obvious .
However , the draftsmen of the opinions - whose opinions are annexed to the report - all mentioned this imbalance , in other words , the United States ' unilateral domination of Europe .
We must reject this .
Yet we are deprived of the tools we need and the appropriations that are going to be used by others .
The French MEPs in my group are totally against pension funds .
I must also take this opportunity to restate that Europe must stop imposing rules , constraints and limitations , in the name of triumphant liberalism , with which our international competitors do not have to contend , which means that they are at an advantage in terms of international competition .
Mr President , this report conforms to the Commission 's approach by supporting the current restructuring in the European aeronautical industry .
This is why the current restructuring must not be assessed using purely liberal or capitalist criteria .
It is particularly worrying that at no time have these industrial problems been linked to the higher interest and security of the Member States , nor even of a hypothetical European superstate .
Simpler and more reasonable decisions would have reduced the three-year production period expected from 1 January 1999 to 1 January 2002 .
In our own interest we should instead have been generous and imaginative , for example by considering direct Community taxation , which would give a concrete dimension to the People 's Europe and genuine responsibility to Parliament .
Furthermore , in this obstacle course which the applicant countries must tackle , and which is modestly referred to as the adoption of the acquis communautaire , I fear there is a tendency to be content with appearances and to sometimes fail to assess the adherence of these countries to Community policies in terms of values and beliefs .
The Commission has assessed the financial cost at over 500 billion francs between 1999 and 2006 .
Agricultural prices are lower with 30 % less for meat , 20 % less for cereals and 15 % less for wheat .
In conclusion , this is clearly a major strategic project which is soul-stirring but gives the impression of being premature , badly prepared and with many negative elements for the countries of Eastern Europe , which I know want to accede , and many negative elements for us .
However , we must all be careful : if the devil is in the details , we are in danger of becoming blind to these details sometimes .
In conclusion , the second current event is the American position on bananas .
I will let you and this House judge whether there is anything stupid in this amendment .
There are several simple reasons for this , and they basically relate to our very conception of social Europe and what this must be .
There is also cause for concern that it has not fulfilled the desired objectives - namely job creation - as it has been diluted over time and has not reached significant critical financial mass .
Can we not see the allegedly 'inactive ' mother of the family - who manages and organises the life of this small community - as a business manager worthy of respect and payment as she enriches in both quality and quantity a country 's most precious capital : human capital .
Therefore , we must keep a watchful eye on the content of this future agreement , particularly as regards the level of public aid .
It is for these reasons that the ARE Group has asked that this report be referred back to committee and this is also why we abstained from voting on this report .
American domination and the Americans ' lack of respect for the rules cannot continue .
Economically speaking , I also believe that we are taking the wrong path by refusing to fight in the world economic war , by not accepting the principle of Community preference championed by Maurice Allais and which I have so often pleaded in favour of in this House .
Mr President , I will begin with recital C of the report , which specifies that the Structural Funds and the Cohesion Fund are the principal instruments of economic and social cohesion in Europe .
Along with Mrs Fraga 's and my own opinions on regional policy and rural development , it displays a great deal of determination and widespread agreement in the views of the three committees on Regional Policy , Agriculture and Rural Development , and Fisheries .
Whilst we are on the subject of the heart of Europe , have you ever travelled by train between Brussels , Luxembourg and Strasbourg ?
On this issue , I should like to say that I believe the theory of fair returns is the very antithesis of European integration as it goes against solidarity , and without this solidarity Europe cannot exist