The Union 's contribution should not be less than EUR 35 billion per year by 2020 and , from 2010 , between EUR 5 and 7 billion should be made available to the countries of the South to cover the most urgent requirements .
The effects of climate change could destroy the progress made in some developing countries and could quite simply prevent the Millennium Development Goals from being achieved .
Nevertheless , once the Treaty of Lisbon enters into force , the matter will be reopened and the Commission will decide , when the time comes , what it considers to be the most appropriate legal basis for the proposed mechanism , and will involve the European Parliament as fully as possible .
I believe that the case of the Nokia GmbH employees and of the German region of Bochum warrants mobilisation of European aid , just as it has already been mobilised previously for Portugal .
I already announced the main innovations during my debate with you .
I hope that the amendments that have been tabled again are adopted so that we are in line with this political agreement , which was concluded so as to ensure that the Union finally equips itself with supervisory authorities .
The Israeli-Palestinian conflict is a striking example of this .
Europe has not been naive enough to believe that it can bring democracy with tanks and bombs , even if certain Member States may have laboured under this misapprehension .
Joseph Ki-Zerbo , a great Burkinabe scholar , gave the following answer to that question : ' He who lives in absolute poverty has no freedom because he cannot choose between several options . '
In so doing , you are going to destroy the future of our farmers , as it is the young farmers who will be the hardest hit , the smallest farmers , those who develop the land , who produce milk products and quality cheese , and who preserve the environment .
Firstly , on the institutions , I would like to remind everyone that the Polish President 's decision to sign the Treaty means that every country but one has cleared the way for Europe finally to move forward without wasting time .
Moderate and polite pressure or maximum pressure ?
There are also positive aspects .
So the United Kingdom has ratified the Lisbon Treaty and I hope that everybody - particularly the British Members - respects the British democratic system .
I regard the debate on the freedom of the press as very important .
A democratic legislative institution like the European Parliament obviously cannot question this benefit .
Following the vote on the joint resolution on freedom of information in Italy and in the European Union as a whole , the Group of the European People 's Party ( Christian Democrats ) is very satisfied .
The Group of the Greens therefore calls upon you to put this subject on the agenda for the United States/European Union Summit in early November .
In fact , the question comes up every year in connection with the flu season .
I am not saying that the solution is simple , especially - not only , but especially - because the question of access to the vaccine is in no way comparable to that of access to medicines , for at least two specific reasons : the small number of producers and control of the refrigeration chain , which is still difficult .
I voted for this proposal for a decision aimed at adjusting the basic salaries and allowances applicable to Europol staff .
This report thus aims to adjust their remunerations to the increase in the cost of living in the Netherlands , as well as to the changes in salaries in the public service in the Member States .
This is an amendment to the Single Common Organisation of Agricultural Markets ( CMO ) Regulation enabling , in particular , the European Commission to take emergency measures on its own initiative in the event of serious disruption in the milk market , as has been the case for several months now .
And how can you , ladies and gentlemen on the left of this Parliament , be credible after yesterday 's dreadful farce concerning Italy , where you demonstrated a sectarian and partisan spirit the like of which has never been seen before ?
Guinea Mr President , I believe that the level of interest in this matter far outweighs the crowd of people that have hurried into this Chamber this afternoon , which I regret once again for my group and for the others .
For my part , I should like to say how pleased I am that all of the political groups within Parliament can today jointly respond to the appeal launched by Guinean civil society , by condemning the repression carried out by the military junta that has been in power since December , a repression of the peaceful demonstration staged to mark Guinea 's independence .
We are against this type of violence , even though we fully understand the reasons why it takes place but , at this point in time , we must side with the opponents of the regime .
The Group of the European People 's Party ( Christian Democrats ) , which has very much left its mark on this treaty , is naturally satisfied with this development , but it is now time to stop monopolising the European public debate on the institutions , which are merely a tool with which to serve political ambitions , and to focus on those ambitions instead .
Ladies and gentlemen , I began by talking about the obligation to produce results .
I am going to start , Mr Barroso , with the structure of the Commission , because that is the most important thing as