Bangladesh is at risk of sliding into a spiral of self-destruction .
On Monday 4 April , reliable sources confirmed that Dulal Sarkar , a Christian , was killed on 8 March of this year .
I urge the Council and the Commission , in conjunction with the State Department referred to in citation 2( 2 ) , to fight these expressions of Muslim fundamentalism .
Adoption of the two amendments tabled by the Liberals and Amendments 2 and 3 from the Confederal Group of the European United Left/Nordic Green Left will make that possible and will stress that these refugees have the same rights as other refugees and cannot simply be moved on to Libya without Europe taking any responsibility .     .
I am pleased that the report takes note of positive developments , including in a number of developing countries , particularly in Africa , despite the major political and economic problems with which the black continent still has to contend .
Unfortunately for the population who have to experience the cruelties on a daily basis , Northern Uganda has no oil , coltan or other raw materials that might induce the international community to take an interest in it .
Israel’s Prime Minister , Ariel Sharon , fears that , after the parliamentary elections , the European Union will no longer consider Hamas a terrorist movement , and he is prepared to continue talks about a peace deal only as and when the Palestinian militant groups are completely disarmed and dismantled .
In my country , VRT , the public broadcasting corporation , which is funded by all Flemish taxpayers , has , in totalitarian fashion , decreed that it will not invite the largest party in Flanders , the , to appear , which amounts , in effect , to censoring it .
This is , in fact , also evident from the Council of Europe’s report further to the most recent parliamentary elections in Uzbekistan .
An appeal from this House , in this specific case where a death sentence is pending , is of the utmost importance .
Can we accept a situation where millions of our fellow citizens lack basic human rights and suffer from police harassment , where thousands of school children remain illiterate and the unemployment rate exceeds 70 % , where attempts are made at ethnic cleansing by poisoning people and trafficking in women and children , including in western EU countries , which , contrary to the 1951 Geneva Convention on refugees , also expel Roma refugees ?
It is therefore also necessary from a purely political point of view to reinforce the Roma population .
He presented them in 1999 as the Financial Services Action Plan – FSAP.
Since they concern the main thrust of the report , I would like to discuss them first .
With the well-known disclaimers that you are used to from the European Parliament , the report is quite positive about the Lamfalussy Process .
That is why I insist on taking a further step .
Mr President , I should like to start by thanking Mrs Klaß for the good cooperation I enjoyed with her .
It is then illogical to my mind that we have to ask that farmer to reduce the number of cattle units per hectare .
Mr President , in the eleven years I have been a Member of this House now , I have rarely come across a rapporteur who himself presented a minority view on a report .
Finally , I should like to briefly draw the Members ’ attention to the issue surrounding the ban on dumping .
In the framework directive , we have opted for a basin-led approach , which has a bearing on the assessment of the groundwater directive .
It means that it is impossible to apply uniform standards to certain substances , but that uniform measuring methods , and such like , must be established .
It is our duty to prevent natural resources from being polluted and exhausted , and , as groundwater accounts for 60 % of drinking water in the Netherlands , this is sufficient reason to do all we can to prevent pollution .
That is why we are opposed to Amendments 111 and 112 .
It is beyond me that precisely at a time when various Member States put a lot of work into the nitrates directive , a message is being sent that this directive might be superfluous .
Mr President , on behalf of the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe , I should like to say something about this outstanding report by Mrs Handzlik , to whom I would also like to express my gratitude .
I think that the debate thus far sends a very weak message to the new Member States .
Welcomes the formation of the European Roma and Travellers Forum , and the work of groups within Parliament focused on Roma and minority issues ; recognises the importance of cooperation with such bodies when creating Roma policies in Europe ; ’ The second paragraph is : ‘20a .
No one denied that it contains many pertinent comments about human rights abuses outside of the European Union , but it is striking that countries such as Israel , Turkey and the Colombian government are being spared the sort of criticism that is levelled at Cuba , Venezuela and the Colombian guerrilla movements .
We have a long tradition of driving those people away from one state to another , and of refusing to grant them civil rights because they can be considered aliens on account of their forced moves .
For example , the April issue of , an information sheet issued in Belgium by the Commission , contained an article in which those opposed to the Constitution were accused of being populists who try to instil fear