Ladies and gentlemen , Europe 's economic recovery , which is absolutely crucial to the Union 's achieving all its political objectives , must depend more on the quality of the policies themselves than on the result of favourable boosts that it receives through recovery in other economic areas .
It is , therefore , important that it is assessed and that its implementation is monitored , not only to record the progress that is made , but mainly to motivate all the relevant bodies in the Member States and to alert them to the need for the gradual and ongoing pursuit of a healthy entrepreneurial spirit underpinned by a culture in which risk is a factor that is permanently under control .
This type of alcohol which is a good competitive alternative for all uses except alcoholic drinks , has seen increased growth in the European Union .
The issues of bioethanol and enlargement will also have to be considered in the next proposal .
This means that the necessary measures must be adopted to ensure that the income and resources available to elderly and retired people remain in line with average living standards in society .
On more than one occasion - this is the fourth - the Commission has asked the European Parliament to vote in favour of restrictive measures against certain individuals and organisations in the aim of combating international terrorism without any prior debate on the issue , either in plenary or in the relevant specialised committee .
With the proposal for a directive we are now debating , the Commission is seeking , albeit in a limited way , to refocus protection measures for the people who have hitherto been the most exposed : to review levels of exposure and re-examine the method of assessing the volume of asbestos fibres in the atmosphere ; to insist on measures to prevent or reduce exposure to the minimum and to consider the assessment of risks arising from work in which exposure to asbestos is intrinsic or incidental .
Furthermore , we are concerned at the objective of defining the fight against terrorism as a central political priority , thereby disregarding the necessary consideration of its root causes such as , for example , the resolution of the conflict in the Middle East or in the Western Sahara , in the framework of the UN resolutions , or providing a response to the most basic needs and shortages that affect many populations , guaranteeing economic development and improving social conditions in the countries of the Mediterranean .
Nevertheless , and to conclude , I should like to stress the three points of the Action Plan to which I feel we should give priority : strengthening the feeling of belonging and of partnership of the Mediterranean countries by reorganising structures for dialogue and working methods ; support for the private sector and greater dialogue between cultures and civilisations .
For all of these reasons , we voted against the report .
All concerned have demonstrated the ability to enter into dialogue , which is to be emphasised and applauded .
As soon as the necessary conditions are in place , elections must be scheduled .
Mr President , Commissioner , we have sufficient grounds for holding today 's debate on the situation in Angola with a considerably greater degree of optimism and hope than in previous debates .
In this context and at the same time as the essential and definitive end to Unita 's military activity and its total demilitarisation , it is also important to guarantee and provide incentives for its full integration into the normal political life of Angola as an unarmed political party .
This is a time for optimism and all our action must be determined by unlimited support for turning the hope that the Angolans have today into reality .
All humanity must welcome this , particularly those who love Angola and who feel infinite pity for the indescribable suffering of its people , who , for decades , have been the victims of a bloody conflict between the two factions fighting for power .
There are thousands and thousands of children abandoned and missing .
We must be at once optimistic and prudent .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I should like to begin by congratulating the Spanish Presidency and , in particular , Mr Piqué on all their efforts to bring the Valencia Conference , whose results I do not underestimate , to a successful conclusion .
Why is the Resolution , which was approved by a large majority by the European Parliament , to suspend the Association Agreement between the European Union and Israel not being implemented ?
These conditions must provide a dignified standard of living and must respect the individual 's fundamental rights .
This is why it is right , Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , to send a message to the benches on the left of Parliament : those who go too far in the field of asylum , as in other areas , become the greatest ally of the forms of extremism they claim to want to combat , for they ultimately stimulate it .
I am also taking account of the fact that the European Union has set , for the first time and in a way that is binding on the Member States , the precise and focussed objective of achieving 0.39 % of GDP by 2006 as the Community average and as an interim stage for achieving the objective of 0.7 % .
Let us hope , nevertheless , that , in this and in other fields , more promising steps can be taken in Johannesburg .
The most important thing of all , however , is for changes to be made in the European Union 's political priorities and for a genuine policy of high quality employment with