That , Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , is what I wanted to say to you .
Commissioner , not everyone is certain that the management method chosen is the most appropriate one .
The Galileo programme , as Mrs De Veyrac has just said , confirms the European Union’s true independence , and will make possible a number of applications .
I would also remind you that the Commission has promised that the future concession contract will provide for repayment of public financial contributions if the profit earned by the concession holder passes a certain threshold .
It is vital for : - technological reasons : this is an innovative project and is an improvement on the guarantee of services provided by the US-owned GPS. - economic reasons : the sector needs to retain an appropriate level of activity .
In this case , the directive nonetheless emphasises the importance of informing and training workers , as well as of carrying out a prior assessment of the risks , taking account of simple protective measures adapted to the situation on the ground .
There is exposure to the sun in the construction , civil engineering and tourist industries .
The Commission is not , then , able to accept what is stated , particularly in a number of newspapers , to the effect that the text of the common position is the result of a fruitless exercise , likely to give Europeans an image of the European Union as something sterile and bureaucratic .
So there we have it , Mr President , ladies and gentlemen .
It should be recognised , Commissioner , that the Commission ’s initial text treated us somewhat as the poor relation when it came to the evaluations of a programme actually extending over seven years ( 2007-2013 ) .
The origin of the word economy , , house , and , rule , explains that economy is a desire to run a house efficiently .
Having regard to Amendment 59 , which divides the Committee into five subcommittees corresponding to the five sections of the programme , the Commission will not change its position with regard to the fact that it wishes to be assisted by only one committee on the PROGRESS programme , even if the members of this committee may change according to the agenda , as is indicated in recital 12a of the amended proposal for a Council decision .
The audiovisual landscape has been changed radically by satellite , cable , digital , the Internet and the mobile telephone .
The proposals that I am submitting are not intended to deviate from the principles of the current Directive , which is based largely on self-regulation and which is not overly prescriptive .
They must be able to carry out their remit .
Obviously , it is impossible to talk about revising this directive without addressing the delicate issue of advertising .
The idea of organising a European Year of Television and Media , with the aim of drafting a European Innovation Pact , deserves to be considered and shown interest and calls for more extensive investigations .
Meanwhile , the China factory , that ‘market socialist ’ State , practises unfair competition through its work camps and underpaid labour .
I also wish to denounce the climb down of the committee , recorded yesterday in a meeting with the Chinese Government .
Europe needs more than ever to invest in infrastructures in order to maintain its competitiveness and its jobs , undoubtedly just as much in the new Member States as in the others .
It relates to the activities that we committed to financing in order to support the reconstruction of the countries affected so seriously by the tsunami in December 2004 .
I now turn to Mr Böge to say : let us take account of this event , of this problem , when negotiating the next financial perspectives .
If , on 13 September , the Court supports the Commission ’s opinion , which is shared by the European Parliament , the Commission will very quickly launch an initiative in this vein .     .
Indeed , as the honourable Member proposed in his 1998 report , it was precisely Parliament’s resolution on the effects of the enlargement of the European Union on cooperation in the field of justice and home affairs that resulted in the creation of a European police academy and of a Community service with regard to external border controls .
As it is a field that falls outside Community competence , unfortunately  may I say   the Commission does not have the right to institute infringement proceedings against the Member States that have not implemented this framework decision .
That also includes , for instance , our media industries .
They do not know it , but they are not always safe on the Net .
We must go further by calling on all those involved , politicians , the industry and educators , to take responsibility .
This right of reply already operates satisfactorily for the written press and audiovisual services , but not for the online media .
We have been able to see the results of these hotlines , where they relate to law enforcement bodies .
First of all , the recommendation of 1998 is still valid .
There is a whole series of amendments that the Commission will accept as such or with only minor alterations .
These cultural differences , for which , as you know , I have fought continually , do not suit me in this particular instance , but they do exist and they must be taken into account .
It is , however , a reality .
Mr Maaten , we are always asking the European Parliament to look for better solutions by means of benchmarking .
There is no Europe-wide price for medicinal products .
Let us make no mistake .
That is why , in view of