The EU does well to continue to underline the human rights issue , even in cases of social abuse .
We must strengthen the mutual interests on the basis of equality .
However , the ASEM process is not an alternative to sound bilateral relations with Asia ' s major countries .
Asia cannot be compared to the European Union .
But that is another matter .
We need no longer place the main focus of policy on China .
And it is precisely this fixed regular forum that can have an inhibiting effect on aggressive , unilateral action taken by one of the ASEM participants .
In addition , various other Asian ASEM Members probably deal with much more serious domestic problems than that in this day and age .
From that point of view , national barriers still need to be lifted .
The services of the German intelligence service were called in , and the case involved many tens of millions of European government money .
There is a saying in Dutch , 'papier is geduldig ' [paper can wait] , and I am certain that this proverb also exists in other languages .
Certainly at a time when everything develops so fast , it is of crucial importance to have such a report .
I wholeheartedly agree that interventions in the market or in the price structure , such as we carried out with regard to international roaming , must form an exception .
Finally , Madam President , you and I enjoy watching all kinds of programmes , also using set top boxes , and if we then fall victim to , let us say , one large consortium , then it is no longer possible to do that .
I should like to say the following to Mr Poettering : the signal that we Socialists expect from Gothenburg is not just that enlargement is a priority , but that it is enormously important for Europe to be strengthened , and that must be done with the full and democratic involvement of the people .
Mr Andersson has already mentioned the political breakthrough achieved in the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs on Monday on the right to information and consultation , safety and health at work , more equal opportunities for men and women , all areas that relate to the quality of work which is so important to the Swedes .
That comes home to roost at critical moments .
Let us just think about what we have in common and what we want to achieve together .
That is the litmus test for Europe .
It is bad enough that the United States still imposes the death penalty , as it has again this week , but that is after all a matter for the American people .
I have discussed it with those who tabled the motion and they have no objection .
The leaders want centralisation , greater uniformity , liberalisation , cuts in spending and a massive display of power .
The rapporteur ' s solution , which is to improve information and registration , is certainly a step in the right direction in that it might reduce the number of victims , but it is inadequate because it means that there will be more victims even in the future .
Firstly because the self-employed , like any other workers , are obviously entitled to health and safety at work .
Secondly , competition .
Firstly , according to the text discussed in the Commission , employees are to be informed twelve hours or a specified number of hours beforehand and before the end of the previous shift of the start and length of their period of availability .
Thirdly , there is sufficient national legislation .
It would be preferable to see what the proposals bring and only then to consider whether self-employed drivers should adopt this framework or whether separate regulation is required .
Here too , the liberal group has chosen to subscribe to the common position .
The price competition is cut-throat , not only in the road-transport sector but also between the different modalities .
We have already closed the Willy Betz loophole .
I believe that his novel was also about whether one should work on Christmas Day .
It is not acceptable that this rather dangerous sector should be the only sector to be excluded from the Working Times Directive .
I should like to thank the Commission for the excellent cooperation , as well as the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism , as a result of which the latter is able to submit to you a unanimous proposal .
We should extend the scope of the transponder , which is 30 nautical miles at the moment , as soon as possible , and switch to what is referred to as long-range .
That is why we have made that recommendation for a ban on departure more detailed , or at least slightly changed it into a recommendation which must receive a reasoned reply from the captain .
Statistics have shown that the number of accidents involving bunkering operations is rising enormously and rapidly .
We must therefore set up a true system of ports of refuge and safe ports of anchorage where damage can be limited .
However , I fear that the proposal will end up with the Belgian Presidency .
We are now turning our attention to the Erika and to what preceded and followed that disaster .
We would wish to see a number of amendments re-tabled because some issues got lost at sea in our committee , either because we lacked one vote or there was a tie .
The proposals which the Commission has prepared in this second package are also valuable .
If , despite the precautions taken , an accident should nevertheless occur , it