One would have to be more than usually naive to believe that innovation in the EU were being encouraged by allowing an American firm to take out a patent on the use of the special Danish letters æ , ø and å in domain names , or that it would be of benefit to small and medium-sized enterprises if , before they began to develop their product , they had to invest in a department concerned with legal matters relating to patents .
Mr President , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , Commissioner Barnier , I wish to begin by congratulating you , Commissioner Barnier , for the results achieved with the n+2 rule , by the efforts at simplification and by the fact that matters are now apparently such that , within structural policy , there is more success in implementing expenditure and getting money used .
We do in fact see , however , how the budgets and the payment appropriations have been significantly cut back , both in the Commission 's and the Council 's proposals , and , in the light of what you are saying today , it has of course to be wondered whether it is right to take matters so calmly , confident that there are enough payment appropriations , and whether a proposal for the supplementary budget is enough to solve the problem , if it emerges that the money is being used up more quickly than we anticipated .
That is a matter for reflection .
Neither the Commission nor the Member States ' finance ministers have confidence in the reports obtained as to what needs exist .
I nonetheless think Mr Mulder has the right idea in saying we should increase the payment appropriations so that we might be sure that the projects can be implemented within the agreed time frames , even if those of us in my group have never supported large increases in the payment appropriations .
In particular , we see how , within the action programme for the working environment , the budget is being drastically cut back , and that , I think , is a completely wrong signal to send out prior to enlargement .
How countries organise their pensions systems falls within the sphere of national competences , but I think that the report , with its objectives of adequate , sustainable pensions and flexible pensions systems may provide inspiration and give rise to sensible debates at national level .
I also think that an interesting conclusion has been reached , namely that , in general , there is a high degree of redistribution and solidarity in the Member States ' pensions systems , but that women are disadvantaged in many countries because of their special position in the labour market .
Something needs to be done about this , and I am pleased about the strong emphasis placed here upon the need to press for something to be done about the matter .
On the other hand , I disagree with a number of the amendments before us from the left side of the House where the investment of pensions savings in shares and bonds is clearly seen as an evil in itself .
On the contrary , I think that better control of the risk in connection with pension funds ' investments must be ensured and that there must be stronger supervision on the part of the authorities .
We are all , of course , getting older , and it is not too much to ask that each of us take joint responsibility for saving up for old age and help ensure that future generations do not have unreasonable burdens placed upon them , for it is also a question of distribution between the generations .
I have today in the European Parliament chosen to follow the Group of the Party of European Socialists in relation to Mr Olle Schmidt 's report ( A5-0210/2003 ) .
I am , however , aware of the fact that the proposal is covered by Title IV of the Treaty establishing the European Community and does not therefore apply to Denmark , cf . the protocol on Denmark 's position .
European Constitution and IGC Mr President , I warned the Italian Presidency about its timetable for the Intergovernmental Conference .
It is to be adopted on 13 December and signed on 9 May , whereupon we can go to the polls and participate in referendums , but not change the Constitution .
The peoples of Europe have not yet asked for a Constitution .
In the Committee on Constitutional Affairs , we agreed , with 22 votes in favour and 3 against , to call upon all the countries , where possible , to hold referendums .
Take that decision now , for it is only when people know that they are to vote on the plans that they begin to take an interest .
If all the EU countries make up their minds to hold referendums at the same time as the elections to the European Parliament in June , we shall have the opportunity to hold the first common European debate .
I hope and believe that the voters will reject the draft prepared under President Giscard d'Estaing 's fairly authoritarian leadership , referred to as consensus .
I collected 200 signatures with a view to reversing the procedure so that it might begin with openness .
My petition was signed by all the elected representatives from the national parliaments and supported by all the Members of the European Parliament apart from Mr Duhamel .
I collected 123 signatures with a view to ensuring that all the countries should continue to have Commissioners .
We have instead obtained a division into Commissioners with and without voting rights - a proposal that was not submitted to , or discussed in , the Convention until the very