respiratory problems , bronchitis , lung cancer and premature death in both young and elderly people .
Thus , up to 1 million square kilometres of natural ecosystems will continue to be at serious risk .
The health problems which it causes and the poor quality of the air that we breathe lead to the loss of 150 000 million working days a year , to losses in productivity and , as a result , to serious health spending .
Action such as this in connection with air pollution will have direct benefits for European citizens .
These were not just musical notes ; they were messages of humanity and support to a continent where millions of human lives , including small children , are desperately seeking a helping hand .
To be specific , 352 million children under the age of 18 are working .
However , it is the 121 million children – including 65 million girls – who never went to school that are sounding the alarm bell .
Within this framework , we call on the Council to immediately re-examine the question and to come to a decision soon , by the end of 2005 at least , so that there is enough time for the Member States and the regions to prepare their programmes and so that we do not have the problems of delays which we had in the present period as regards the starting date of the programmes .
In addition , I wish to point out that Parliament persists , including within the framework of my report , in the position which it took in the Béguin report as regards the financing of cohesion policies .
My report , as approved by the Committee on Regional Development , also contains other important forecasts , of which I should like to remind both the British minister present and the Commissioner .
We consider that it is a proposal which needs to be examined by the Council .
We propose support starting at 85 % and ending at 60 % , which is much higher than the European Commission forecast .
Through rivalry we shall have better results both for the Member States and for the Community budget .
The recommendations in the motion for a resolution and the specific proposals for certain changes or addenda to the Commission proposal will , we hope , help to formulate a position which is also politically acceptable to the Council for the preparation of a reliable budget for the period 2007-2013 .
It is also proposed that accessibility for the disabled should be a precondition to the securing of benefits from the funds .
We note the lacklustre presence of measures to publicise the activities financed under the proposal for a regulation for the European Social Fund ; these are needed to ensure that interested parties will have simple and fast access to them .     – Mr President , allow me to start by thanking all five rapporteurs , especially my honourable friend Mr  Hatzidakis , on the effort which he made in drafting this report .
In order for this need to become reality , we must take account of the imperatives for a sustainable cohesion policy for the whole of the European Union , which will take the form of actions , not statistics contested on numerous counts .     – Mr President , last year we said 'yes ' to the new countries and 'yes ' to their financing , but not for this financing to be at the expense of the financing of disadvantaged areas in the old countries .
That is what the former Prime Minister , Mr Simitis , said .
The European Union cannot progress in this way .
This is money which is missing from the market , missing from farmers , missing from production and missing from productivity .
I shall comment on the report by Mr Casa and defend my amendments .
We cannot send our fishermen out to fish for us with engines which are 20 or 25 years old .
The second part concerns aquaculture ; this must be protected , it must be enlarged and it must produce more fish .
Either we overfish , which means disrupting the ecosystem , or we provide the facility for more fish to be produced by aquaculture .
It does not matter if they are small , medium-sized or large enterprises .
The tools of cohesion , the Structural Funds , bring Europe close to the citizens , contribute towards development and demonstrate in practice the principle of solidarity .
Consequently , what is needed is for there to be no further delay , so that structural policies and the corresponding regulations are brought to a close as quickly as possible during 2005 .     . – Mr President , I am speaking as the author of the book entitled ' Women Today ' , a book which has become a bestseller in my country , and I address my honourable female friends .
The murderers are free .
We can write reports if we go to Diyarbakir and see how women live .
The patriarchal structure of the family orders the raping and beating of women .
That is the retrogression of women in Turkey .     – Mr President , one of the most basic issues by which Turkey 's progress towards Europe will be judged over coming years is improvements in protection for human rights .
The important problem of violence against women , either in the form of crimes of honour or in the form of domestic violence , must be abolished and protected by any government policy .
During this processing , all sides had the opportunity to express themselves and to be heard by everyone who helped to formulate today 's proposal .
The fundamental right of effective legal assistance and dissuasive sanctions for harassment are also safeguarded