These possibilities are as hard to predict as they are numerous , and that is why it is important for the individual to be protected against abuse , and for us to ensure that democratic controls can be applied .
For the Internet too , rules need to be drawn up on protection of privacy , but this should not be done in such a way that some people are indirectly denied access to information , because this automatically leads to anyone interested being able to obtain information affecting privacy .
However , that should not prevent us from applying sensible democratic controls to what is supplied on the Internet , controls which must provide safeguards against the unlawful supplying of information .
Today , it is possible to find anything on the Internet , from bomb-making recipes and methods of torture to threats against employees and child pornography - anything at all which can be distributed - because no address is given for the provider .
The principle of freedom with responsibility must also be applied on the Internet .
Mr President , this report is actually a compromise on the part of the committee , as there are always a good many votes .
However , I do believe that the Commission 's one proposal can be taken as a starting-point .
Nevertheless , we are all agreed that there is a challenge facing us here : there are indeed problems .
The first is that the main thing is for a political decision to be taken on whether we should continue in this direction .
There may be differences in technology , or reluctance , but nonetheless we should move forward .
Parliament should be encouraging and supporting the Commission here , and we must do more work on this .
My second point is that the EU is not enough .
We should not have a democratic body which focuses only on the 15 Member States .
Because after all , when I am at 30 000 feet and approaching the Polish border , the safety problem is just the same .
The third point concerns the airlines , which in the sacred name of competition are actually making the situation worse .
When we talk about traffic jams in the air , Mr Cornelissen , these are often things that are caused by traffic not being able to leave the airport because of inadequate equipment .
Those airlines which have enough equipment and staff are able to get airborne on time .
It cannot be right that we send people to the moon and to the Mir space station , when we cannot ensure their safety in our own heavily congested airspace .
I wish the Commissioner good luck in his attempts to press the Council to find a sensible solution .
In Parliament , we frequently discuss the issues of public services and public transport .
The report therefore does not deal with whether aid can be provided , but rather how it should be given , when it has been decided to grant aid for public transport .
As we all know , we are on our way in that direction .
Large parts of the transport market have been liberalized .
A model for solving this problem has not been found everywhere in the EU.
The requirement should therefore be that public involvement is transparent , and that it does not give rise to distortions of competition .
In my opinion , we have overcome the hurdle whereby everything should be privatized and based on market forces .
Now we are committing ourselves to the provision of a public service , a public service obligation , and I very much welcome that .
I have heard that the Council is frustrated .
There is not enough fish , my friends .
That is the reason why we are gathered here .
Limiting activity is a very difficult issue in the context of the common fisheries policy .
You can provide compensation by increasing engine power , so that the mesh size is not so critical .
I know a whole range of tricks , since I am perhaps one of the few people here in the House who has been a fisherman himself .
Over the last 20 years , we have had a fleet which is so advanced that the same number of vessels can catch three times as much .
I am strongly in favour of conserving stocks .
That is why we are obliged to adjust capacity and hence reduce the fleet .
It cannot be right for some people first to exhaust their own fishing grounds and then to try to exhaust those of their neighbours .
From a socio-economic viewpoint , I would warn against support which does not help to bring about structural change , since otherwise we shall have the same thing as in the agricultural sector , where we often provide social assistance rather than real agricultural support .
This is helping to protect and maintain a system which does not look towards the future .
Mr President , I am sorry that my colleague Mr Tomlinson cannot be here , but as you all know , the constituent meetings of the various committees are taking place , and it is difficult to be in several places at once .
Looking at the Chamber , one can clearly see that this report is not a great best-seller , even though it deals with a most important sector and is perhaps one of the best reports ever produced by Mrs Theato .
There are many reasons why public opinion in Europe is not always favourable towards the Union .
To put it another way , one justification for European cooperation can be a continuing fight against fraud .
To put it another way , a further justification for