.
On 9 and 10 June 1997 in Noorwijk , during the Dutch presidency , this work produced a first official draft of the European Spatial Development Perspective .
The fourth part of the document refers to the practical application of the perspective , making allowance for the difficulty of an obvious institutional weakness at European level , which makes us incapable of carrying it through .
This is the thinking behind the three amendments I have tabled , apart from wishing to include the Glasgow Council 's conclusions in my report .
We are all agreed that the URBAN , INTEGRA and Interreg initiatives have been successful and that their objectives should be maintained in the future .
Urban sustainability will require greater awareness in the use of public transport , saving water and energy , and the management of waste and noise , which very seriously affect industrial and tourist-orientated cities .
This is a common objective : we need to combine economy and territory .
I therefore support the ESDP and my compatriot Mr Novo Belenguer 's excellent report , and I would only wish to restate here what I added to the report in committee : that the European Spatial Development Perspective should go beyond its obvious terrestrial dimension and include the maritime dimension it lacks at present .
Why do we need planning ?
This may make it difficult to implement the city schemes contained in that great compendium of measures , the proposed new Objective 2.
There is a campaign for sustainable cities , supported by over 320 local authorities .
The second , which is becoming ever more obvious , is that the European Union needs to unify and coordinate its own policies for those areas .
Their point of view needs to be taken into consideration when determining socio-economic and cultural indicators for the cities , and our male colleagues should be made more aware , so that they will take more notice of women 's points of view .
The bigger the cities , the more serious these problems are .
Nevertheless , as you are fully aware , we have no mandate to create a common urban policy .
The growth of crime is a serious threat to the respect of citizens ' rights in the Union , and for that reason we must endeavour to go on creating a Europe of safety and justice , encouraging the competent authorities to maintain progress in the exchange of information that will benefit all the citizens of the Union .
If we want to make European citizenship really meaningful , citizens must see it at work in the first institutional layer that represents it : the town hall .
I share the concern over the abolition of URBAN , which has produced so many successful results within our Community urban policy .
Whether the Council is prepared to accept it is another matter .
Mr President , I would like to congratulate the rapporteur and point out that , although formally this debate ought to have been limited to the Commission 's report on the vendor control systems used by Member States , it is clear that it has been brought up at every Parliamentary committee meeting in which the economic and social repercussions of the abolition of duty-free shops within the boundaries of the European Union have been debated .
I should like us to avoid debates of that sort .
To recount the events that support this measure : the Commission has submitted a report on current progress in the implementation of the general system for the recognition of higher-education diplomas ; there have been developments in the case-law of the Court of Justice , which has given several preliminary rulings ; and the Commission has sent the Council and Parliament its communication on the SLIM initiative .
The first is the amendment of the 1989 and 1992 directives relating to the general system .
Will it all work in practice ?
Among those practical measures , Mr De Clercq has emphasized the need for the free circulation of persons and choice of country of residence for European citizens to become a reality .
Life is full of paradoxes : the Europe of the markets is going to help us to create a real Europe of the citizens , because if the euro is to succeed , if the single market is really going to work , we shall have to shape free circulation in its fullest sense .
My speech , therefore , will concentrate on the proposal put to us by the Committee on Legal Affairs , that the legal basis of the proposal for a decision be changed and that we use Article 129a relating to consumer protection , instead of Article 130 relating to the competitiveness of industry .
From the point of view of the integration of third-country nationals , we need to think about how nationality is acquired , but that does not form part of the competences set out in Article K.3 , nor will it be among the matters to be " communitized ' after the Treaty of Amsterdam .
There is also another directive on that - Directive 90/365 - and it is only right to demand the same conditions from immigrants as from the citizens of another Member State .
Mr President , on behalf of the Group of the European People 's Party , it is a real pleasure for me to take the floor to talk about this report by Mr Oostlander .
Undeniably , Mrs Lindeperg , you said this report has shortcomings , which I do not see as such .
They can all suffer from it to a greater or lesser extent , as Mr Oostlander has just recognized .
Furthermore , I would like to say that the stereotypes about some religions - including Islam - generally correspond to a lack of information and understanding of the subject .
