Let us now take a look at the critical areas of concern identified in the Beijing Platform for Action to which you referred in your question .
The projects carried out under this programme over the years have made it possible to create many effective networks and to develop good methodologies .
During the 49th Session of the United Nations Commission on the Status of Women , the Presidency stated , on behalf of the European Union , that it recognised that gender equality and women’s empowerment were essential for sustainable development and poverty eradication .
Such an institute will provide the means and the robust structure necessary to find a response at European level to issues such as the pay gap between men and women , increased access for women to the labour market , their participation in decision-making and the balance between work and family life .     Mr President , Mrs Jacobs , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , this year the international day of 8 March sees the celebration of the tenth anniversary of the World Conference on Women , but do the world’s women today all view the progress announced in Beijing in the same way ?
What is behind what sociologists call the feminisation of poverty ?
Thank you , Madam , for your courage because you had a lot of mud thrown at you .
Mass unemployment , social inequalities , instability and insecurity have grown over the last 20 years .
In this particular case , we have in a way been a guinea pig .
Before that , however , the French people will have to give a vote of social self-defence on 29 May and say no in Chirac’s referendum .     .
I welcome this action as many of us spend a large part of our lives in working environments so they should be made as safe and as pleasant as possible .
The first important series of working group meetings took place in January 2005 .
That involves implementing projects that will really enable us to help third countries to collect nuclear or radioactive material and make it secure and/or eliminate it , effectively controlling exports or preventing illegal trafficking in materials and equipment that might be used to manufacture nuclear devices , ensuring that specialists and scientists who were previously engaged in arms-related activities are retrained and , finally , contributing to the risk-free development of nuclear applications .
This is having repercussions on North Korea’s foreign policy .
Our relations with China which , as Mr Jarzembowski said , are important , will certainly help us to bring pressure to bear on North Korea .
The resignation of the Karami government in the face of popular pressure has created a new situation of which we need to take advantage .
Mr  Hariri was one of the main architects of the 1989 Taif Agreement , which marked the end of the civil war in Lebanon .
At present , we are making preparations for an exploratory technical mission to Lebanon .
After the resignation of the Karami government and the joint declarations by Presidents al-Assad and Lahoud on the withdrawal of Syrian troops , there were still tens of thousands of people demonstrating yesterday in Martyrs Square – now rechristened Freedom Square – to express their will and to keep up the full weight of pressure on political figures necessary if a genuine democratic process is to be set in train .
It has to be said now that pursuing this process of democratisation is the best means we have of ensuring stabilisation , and we have already heard just how crucial that stabilisation is for the region .
What is clear right now is that the murderers of Rafik Hariri and of the 14 Lebanese citizens who died in the attack are still at large .
By supporting the Syrian dictatorship until last year , they have betrayed the friendship that has bound our nation to Lebanon since the time of Louis IX , thus damaging France’s interests in this region .
It was an attack on the entire population of Lebanon , regardless of religion or political persuasion .
I wish to congratulate the Lebanese people on the massive scale and fervour of their popular mobilisation , regardless of religious affiliations , in support of full sovereignty for their country .
I believe that on that point , too , your message is very clear .
I listened to you very carefully .
This is stupid and dangerous .
I am sorry about this and I think that it is a missed opportunity for the Commission .
Thank you for highlighting this problem , which is important so that in Europe , air passengers can of course benefit from all the necessary security but also be protected from pointless inconvenience .     .
I would like to say that in that respect we are also very anxious to make progress in improving these links and I also hope that we will be able to implement priority project no 3 .
I would also like to stress that Parliament asks the Commission to closely monitor the application of the new system , in order to determine whether it achieves its objectives , country by country .
While the volume of aid given to the countries affected by the tsunami has been welcomed , this measure will do more for them in the longer term .
Mr Dombrovskis ’ report , backed up by the previous report by Mrs Jensen , points out that Parliament’s budget must enable it to equip itself with the additional resources to enable us to better respond to the scale of our task and the expectations of the citizens .
Mr President , we now know that the origin of our resolution was clearly unfounded , but we will use the opportunity to go back to the framework decision concerning the prevention of trafficking in human organs