A challenge to do what ?
This is the method we must use to work towards a Europe of greater competitiveness and progress .
Secondly , respect for the Community acquis : the Community acquis cannot be questioned if we want enlargement to be achieved within the deadlines that have been set ; and thirdly , respect for Agenda 2000 , for the commitments given in Berlin , which contain and explain the basic elements of enlargement .
The European Union , a fellowship of States , will be responsible for providing the means of participation , but let us not confuse points of view or possibilities , and let us not institutionally change something that has provided Europe with guarantees of security , prosperity , freedom and economic success .
In terms of potential basic strategic elements of priorities , I mentioned , although I shall not dwell on this , the United States and Russia .
I would say that Latin America - the second European Union , Latin America and Caribbean Summit will be held in Madrid ; the first was held in Rio de Janeiro - must be a strategic priority for the European Union and is also important for development and for world stability .
Therefore , the solution to the problem of ozone concentration is extremely complex and simply shutting off the sources that generate precursor agents is not an appropriate measure .
We also agree with some of our fellow Members - and I am sure that my colleague Jonas Sjöstedt would support me here - that this latest proposal is not the one put forward by the European Parliament .
And although the Council and the Commission have made an effort to accept the many amendments from our first reading , I think that we can now say that it is Parliament that has made the effort to try to find , and reach agreement on , common positions .
Social principles , technological viability and the context in which methods are applied are all of great importance to sustainability ; the first principle of sustainability is to know how to combine general principles with the imposed rules to suit the needs of each community , each location , each climate and each context .
Therefore , we support the scientific nature and the study of the economic and social impacts that the programme will have , because without social principles , there can be no sustainability .
I would also like to thank the Commissioner , who , after a hard day , is here with us this evening .
Various mechanisms have been proposed with the aim of stimulating the necessary environmental improvement of products and their consumption .
The text also highlights the crucial role of information , which should be clearer , more truthful and easy to understand .
The report you are debating today is an important milestone in the history of European space policy , whose development has recently been taken on board by the Community institutions .
In addition to these general principles we need to mention two specific aspects : firstly , the will to accept the international dimension of space and our responsibilities on the world stage , providing Europe with the means it needs to be truly independent ; and secondly , the concern to work on maintaining peace and to ensure the security of all European citizens .
Within this framework , an action plan has been prepared , firstly at European Union level , then at European Space Agency level , with the approval of an additional section at the Agency Ministers ' Council .
In the short term , this involves negotiating a framework agreement between these two institutions to formalise cooperation between them and to confer the role of organising the implementation of the Union ' s space programmes on the Agency .
We are also very interested in the idea of organising an international conference to explore opportunities for cooperation .
Simply avoiding taking part in the space race for the sake of peace will not prevent space , which is already partially militarised , from becoming more so .
I hope that , with this , Parliament will be able to vote on the basis of the Council common position and bring the matter to a conclusion , which will allow us to embark upon a more focused battle for employment and to regulate the situation of third country nationals employed as drivers by EU transport companies .
The objectives are to raise the quality of professional drivers and standards in road transport in general and to guarantee positive results in terms of road safety .
Even if the Commission is able to accept the principle of parallel training with the aim of obtaining both a driving licence and a certificate of professional competence , we would prefer to avoid any kind of duplication , and this why we cannot accept Amendments Nos 6 , 16 , 17 and 18 .
The Commission does not accept Amendments Nos 2 , 22 and 23 either , because they go beyond the scope of the current Directive .
This does not prevent us , however , from supporting it and encouraging its ratification .
It is scandalous that a year and a half after it was signed , only three of the fifteen Member States appear to have ratified it .
The European Commission should be able to show sufficient political intelligence to reconcile these three aspects , above all because the failure of any one of them would lead to the failure of the other two .
Relative stability requires a new analysis , as the report states , of the communities which are highly dependent on fishing , which considers the evolution in the Community over the last 25 years .
We believe that all the efforts aimed at conserving resources are destined for failure if we do