out and the number and suffering of the animals involved to be reduced , as Honourable Members are aware .
The Commission is thinking of two possible ways of resolving these legal problems .
I am simply telling you that the Commission is in the process of tackling this problem , which exists , before proposing to Parliament , under the codecision procedure , a draft amendment and draft directive .
I have tried , if you like , to enter into a dialogue with you .
He tends to curl up into a ball and reject any kind of innovation , and in the light of what we have heard so far I am bound to say that I think he is right !
You 'll never be wrong if you say no , we thought .
I should say this would be a classic case of locking the stable door , as they say , after the horse has bolted .
So I turn to the Commissioner for the Environment and ask her what the Commission has done in the meantime , perhaps because of Parliament 's action .
A conference was held in Cork on agriculture , the rural world and environmentally compatible agriculture , and at that conference it was said that agrienvironmental measures should become central to the new CAP , and yet here we are moving towards decisions which will endorse a massive increase in the dosage of a particular toxin - a toxin which involves the risk of developing a new generation of insects that will be resistant to an environment-friendly insecticide .
At 6 p.m. the Ford report was still not available in all the official languages , which clearly made it impossible for Members to prepare amendments in good time .
Rather than setting out her own opinions , which are - if I may say so - quite extreme in some ways , she has made a great effort to give a comprehensive overview of human rights in the European Union .
In one sense it does indeed , in that it is not restricted to human rights as defined by the International Covenant , but covers the broader subject of social rights and social security .
Debate in the House has crystallized very much around what have been defined as the static and the dynamic concepts of human rights - and today is no exception .
Mr President , all instances of racism and xenophobia , both old and new , are utterly contemptible , as we all agree .
The Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs has tabled a resolution which , while on the one hand commending the Commission 's work , calls on the other for direct , immediate action to revitalize the labour market .
Mr President , my group and I are voting in favour of Mrs Roth-Behrendt 's report , which spells out clearly what this House has stated on several occasions , namely the need to leave intact those parts of the directive concerning the abolition of animal experiments in the area of cosmetics .
Italy is a bad example , one not to be followed , where the fashion is still to nationalize losses and privatize profit .
I welcome the attempt to analyze the parameters for industrial competitiveness in a rational , scientific way , and I agree with the rapporteur on the need to maintain a strong production apparatus in Europe and to eliminate inefficiency and waste , while preserving the essential protection which has been achieved for the weakest members of society .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , we have arrived at the second reading of the directive to define a system of harmonized codes for the particulars to be included in the Community model driving licence issued by the Member States .
All I can do , since the Council justifies its rejection of these amendments on the grounds that this question falls under the third pillar , is to repeat that I am firmly convinced - as a matter of principle - of the importance of harmonizing the circumstances for suspension or withdrawal of a licence at European level .
In my opinion , Mr Farassino has done a good job in achieving part of the intended objective , especially since some of the proposed amendments - though not all of them - have been accepted : at least there is a system of harmonized codes for the particulars to be included in the driving licence , such as the compulsory wearing of spectacles and the adaptation of vehicles for disabled drivers .
The only reason given for this reform is combating fraud : I should therefore like to know on the basis of what data and what inspections an approach of this kind was adopted in the case of olive oil , and how many inspections were carried out in this case compared with those concerning other products , for example rice imports from the Dutch overseas territories , or bananas arriving in the port of Antwerp ?
We are therefore hoping for a broad consensus in the vote in Parliament , and we particularly support Amendments Nos 53 , 54 and 55 , which are key ones .
We are talking here about intellectual property , in other words the ownership of something intangible and imponderable - ideas .
It therefore seems to me that it is a question of elementary justice to give the owner of the idea , the artist , an equivalent economic advantage , and that is precisely what resale rights do .
The European Parliament and my group have hitherto refused to sound the death knell of the peace process - though there are those who wished for just that - or to propose extreme measures , such as requesting that the Council and the Commission freeze the agreements between the European Union and Israel .
