new dilemmas .
I therefore see no reason whatsoever why Macedonia could not choose its own name .
However , I have the strong suspicion that this amendment was not voted on at all .
In this case , this may be justified .
This is also possible pursuant to the amendments .
Farmers are bewildered and at their wits ' end .
That is why we are delighted about the fact that the European Member States have decided in the Council to vote jointly for a resolution after all , if it is submitted .
This will , of course , generate impossible tensions , fundamental also in terms of human rights .
Their hand in this boycott is obvious .
Europe must take the lead with energy savings and renewable energy .
Citizens , show your anger and boycott Bush .
That is literally a life-threatening development .
One mother superior from a diocese where several nuns became pregnant by priests was unable to find a suitable solution .
Mr President , our group has decided against supporting the present resolution .
In our opinion , sexual abuse of women is too serious to be used for political ends and for placing religious communities , in this case the Catholic Church , in a bad light .
Sexual abuse by priests must be condemned and penalised without delay .
I therefore sincerely hope that this debate will help put an end to these wrongs for good .
Based on my Christian faith , I should like to give my unqualified support to this appeal .
Bringing a pro-life approach to these issues into discredit in this way is inappropriate .
I read an interview in the Dutch press with one of the people who started the ball rolling and in which the background was explained .
Following Commander Massud ' s visit to the European Parliament , the Pakistani Embassy addressed the President of our Parliament with a plea for a negotiated solution in Afghanistan .
The announcement of elections appears to be no more than a diversion to mislead the international community .
As long as democracy has not been fully re-established , there cannot be any hope of a cooperation agreement .
Rights of homosexuals in Namibia
Despite numerous protests , both from Namibia and elsewhere , he repeated this appeal earlier this week .
Amnesty International has declared that it considers people who are gaoled on the grounds of their sexual preference or for exercising their right to freedom of expression and assembly to be prisoners of conscience .
Fortunately , there is a steady decrease in discrimination in a large number of countries .
Homosexual rights are human rights .
It is , of course , unacceptable that people should be discriminated against simply on the basis of their sexual preference .
It is high time that a fresh wind blew through Windhoek and that the homosexual wall in a number of frontline states was razed to the ground .
A constructive dialogue between the Government and the other leading figures is the only realistic solution .
But I am still left with the big question as to when the key actors will begin to join forces .
I take a keen interest in this matter because I was Dutch representative working on this General Assembly in the 1970s .
This European Parliament has pressed for this to happen for years .
The outcome was a considerably improved text in which Parliament ' s key points were adopted .
Fourthly , the Union ' s agencies , such as the European Environment Bureau , the European Trade Mark Office and Europol , will fall within the remit of the Regulation .
No, quite a few areas could be honed down further , such as the handling of documents of third parties , and the registration of secret documents , as well as a number of other issues .
I should also like to thank the Swedish Presidency , of course .
I am convinced that , without the cooperation with the Swedish Presidency , we would not have achieved the result that is now before us , one that can withstand any criticism .
The agreement is a considerable improvement on the Commission proposal and on the existing regulations .
Instead , permission from the third party involved is now required for this .
That is why this is the right time for me to adopt this compromise .
Mr President , we will be voting for the Regulation , but I will not make a song and dance about it .
The ELDR Group will make every effort to expose the weaknesses in the Regulation in the mean time , and to contribute to the improvement thereof .
It is not necessary to include sensitive documents in the register , and the Court of Justice cannot verify whether this decision is justified .
The procedures are not particularly wonderful .
It is utopian to believe that we will always reach the ideal policy at European level .
I must say that I was greatly perturbed by Mrs Frahm ' s intervention , because she claimed that the proposals represent quite a step backwards , and that is simply not true .
Let us hope that this debate also strikes home with our southern European MEPs , for those countries might need public transparency more than anyone else .
I am not expecting a direct reply , but I do hope that both European institutions will address this elementary pacification condition with the seriousness it deserves .
The western world , and the European Union too , on the other hand , have not always behaved impeccably towards Macedonia .
Mr President , my group backs the rapporteur ' s conclusions , and that is why I can congratulate Macedonia on the fact that this former Yugoslav Republic is the first to sign a Stabilisation and Association Agreement with the