The partnership boards have been a success in that area .
They have been innovative and have introduced new ideas .
They have also brought about a bottom-up philosophy that had never been appreciated before .
I also have to make it very clear that we now have a fledgling new regional government in Northern Ireland of which my party leader , David Trimble , is the First Minister .
It is trying to build a new future .
You have to understand that Northern Ireland , throughout the last 30 years , through the terrorism , has suffered tremendously .
We are trying to find new ways forward .
We are trying to find ways in which we can work together .
We are trying to find ways in which we can put things together to support each other .
I would ask that we be given the flexibility to achieve that possibility , to achieve the jobs , to achieve the employment and to be able to put the people of Northern Ireland back to work again , back to work in real politics rather than looking into other reasons as to why they may want to disagree with each other .
That is the objective .
It is something we all have to look forward to .
I want firstly to thank Parliament , secondly to thank the Committee on Budgets for their continued support and understanding for my region .
I pay tribute to them for that .
Mr President , Commissioner , I have a genuine admiration for the report by Mrs Sudre so what follows is in no way critical of it or of her .
Nonetheless , it illustrates what I believe is a much more widespread problem about the relationship between reports and opinions , particularly those of a non-legislative kind .
For example , in this report only 25 words survive of the conclusions unanimously adopted by the Committee on Fisheries .
The bulk of the section dealing with fisheries actually consists of an amendment to the motion for a resolution tabled in the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism .
There is nothing the Committee on Fisheries would object to in the paragraph concerned .
Indeed , it covers certain issues more explicitly than the opinion does .
On the other hand , some significant points in the opinion do not figure in the final version of the resolution .
Given the importance of fisheries to the outermost regions , I can only be saddened by this .
I appreciate that differences of perspective mean that it will not always be possible to reconcile views expressed in the lead committee and other committees .
My concern is rather that we do not currently have any standardised mechanism for making an attempt to do so .
I am asking , therefore , whether the President of Parliament would be prepared to look at ways in which improvements could be made , for example , by consultations prior to voting or by adjusting the order in which votes are taken .
Without such improvements , we risk losing the benefits of a great deal of expertise , not just to our own detriment , but also to the detriment of those we seek to serve .
In the meantime , and on this particular report , I would respectfully request both the Council and the Commission to look at the conclusions that are not contained in the motion for a resolution , as well as the ones that are .
Mr President , I wonder if this might be an appropriate time to mention an issue that arose yesterday during voting time .
It will be recalled that there was one particular vote in the plenary session on my report that was resolved by a majority of one vote .
I do not want to reopen that issue .
The Presidency declared that closed and I fully accept that .
But following that decision a whole range of Members in this House began to indicate that machines had not worked and so on .
It has occurred to me overnight that if the result of a vote is declared and there is within the Rules no provision for the issue to be reopened at all , given the alarming frequency with which a whole range of machines do not work , this could create serious difficulties .
If there were a technical difficulty and a whole block of votes in one part of this House were not counted , the outcome of the votes would call into question the whole efficacy of the decisions that we make .
I wonder whether in fact there should be some provision in the Rules for that .
I hope that you will feel that is a genuine point of order .
Mr President , parallel to that point of order could it be also borne in mind that the interpreters are very kind to us and sometimes they do not translate "my machine failed to work " as " I failed to work" .
Mr President , I rise on a matter concerning the meeting today of the College of Commissioners , under Rule 38 or 64 .
I would like to request that Commissioner Lamy makes an emergency statement to this House as to why he is avoiding parliamentary scrutiny on a paper known as "everything but arms " .
This has profound implications for this House , for ACP countries and for Europe as a whole .
I say profound implications because this House wants more and more democratic accountability .
This particular issue will not only affect this House , but most of the European Member States , particularly those that have such products as bananas - which are very topical - rice and sugar .
Mr Lamy should make