to be careful in creating the impression that the situation is improving , when for women the situation in Iran is in fact getting worse .
So much more is required than simply invoking high wage costs .
Levi Strauss is honest enough to admit that it has a marketing problem , and apparently , at least judging from the reports of the Board of Directors , nothing , absolutely nothing , has been done about that marketing problem for the last ten years .
But all to no avail .
That is the only way of putting a stop to the lethal competition in the fiscal area .
Consultation must mean giving the workers the chance to submit their suggestions and alternatives , and these must be seriously discussed .
A second point identified by the Environment Committee concerns the absence of priorities per policy area .
Why once again this uncompromising striving for economic growth ?
How can you make policy adjustments if you do not know what developments are taking place and the links between them ?
What reason does the Commissioner give for this ?
A pig cycle is nothing new .
And is the problem not simply going to get worse over the next few years when grain prices come down still further with Agenda 2000 ?
We have our doubts about both of these , since they would involve changing the entire organisation of the pigmeat market , which would take some considerable time .
The European Parliament 's Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development is trying in this report to give the discussion a certain orientation .
This means that 90 % of all Europe 's agricultural products reach the market at various stages of production .
We are calling for a European quality mark for the top end of the remaining 90 % of the market .
This is unfair competition , which is why we would urge the Commission to put these quality marks on the agenda in the WTO .
It remains to be seen whether consumers will have the same confidence in a European mark .
Ariane is a programme of Community support , including translation , in the field of books and reading and was introduced for the period 1 January 1997 to 31 December 1998 .
The Commission 's answer here , having caused the problem in the first place , was to launch pilot projects for 1999 to bridge the gap , but it came to nothing because the European Court of Justice ruled that there was no legal basis for such pilot projects .
In the year 2000 we hope to start a new combination of the programmes , perhaps with a new structure : the first framework programme for culture 2000-2004 .
We need better infrastructure for our inland waterways to improve our links with Eastern Europe , and there is not a single inland waterways project in the TENs , nor is there a single project under our programmes of aid to Eastern Europe .
How should we address the problem ?
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , it will be clear that for a variety of reasons , no one in the Netherlands is happy with the conclusions which Mrs McKenna has very clearly and properly outlined : the environmentalists are not happy , the farmers are not happy and the government is not happy .
This allowed it to escape being hauled before the courts by the European Commission .
To save time , Mr President , I refer the House to what Mrs Kestelijn said on the subject .
Mr President , cuts will not be enough and I am convinced that less intensive and more environmentally and animal-friendly farming is ultimately the best thing for human beings .
It is now time for all the Member States to be serious about implementing the directive - including the Netherlands , which is not in this instance the good little boy it so often claims to be .
As a Liberal , I am no great lover of official do 's and do n'ts , but in the Netherlands we have found that the fertiliser problem cannot be resolved without recourse to instruments of this kind .
Mr President , I am standing here in my shirt-sleeves because it is so unbearably hot in the Chamber .
I think that action plans of this kind are needed for transport and energy too .
So I would urge the Commission to take due heed of what the resolution says on this subject .
It proves that our new approach to the budget is right .
An indication of that is that the budget for the environment has been increased by nearly 5 % compared with the Council 's figures .
Lastly , Mr President , I believe we must not only take account of the environment in all areas of European Union policy ; it must also be systematically integrated into the everyday internal activities of the European institutions .
It is important that we provide orientations on Europol and on European refugees so that it is clear that once the first pillar receives the aspect of the third pillar we can actually do that .
We have now established ourselves as a credible institution .
This year the payments on the budget will be about the same as the overall growth of the national budgets .
We have seen similar instances in the separate positions on agriculture .
Our colleague , Mr Wynn , made the point that it is very clear that the Council again has not been very consistent on Turkey .
Some of the points of the presidency 's paper on Geneva have perhaps been misunderstood .
We appreciate very much the work of Commissioners Liikanen and Gradin .
It is simply that in the first reading it is important to give a concrete signal