What this means is that , if we have doubts as to whether or not a function should be performed at the European level , we should leave the responsibility for it with the Member States .
How is it that it is an Eastern European country , an Eastern European government , that is pushing this issue forward ?
That is something we , over and over again , have had cause to deplore .
We know that funding all 30 projects , which are due to be completed by 2020 , will call for some EUR 600 billion .
Security begins with the person loading on the goods , and it must , ultimately , involve both road and rail , or else we will end up with distortions of competition and with something else that we do not want , in the shape of more traffic on the roads rather than on water .
The short breaks between callouts were not long enough to allow the staff to recharge their batteries .
Let me end by appealing to our friends in the Confederal Group of the European United Left .
Why can an individual employee not conclude an agreement for himself ?
It is for these that we are aiming with our Amendments 26 , 27 and 32 , along with Amendments 29 and 30 on on-call services , and these I ask you to support .     Mr President , following President Karzai’s powerful speech , for which our President did not feel obliged to thank him , I would like to thank him for addressing this House .     .
Only if all the arguments are in your favour and beyond reasonable doubt should you haul someone before the courts .
Commissioner , I would urge both you and the President-in-Office of the Council to be pro-active and optimistic when tackling this issue , so that we may be able , for our children’s sake , to take the necessary steps at long last towards making this continent safe where CO2 emissions are concerned .     .
In this respect , the changes to the Stability and Growth Pact will give the European Central Bank an even more important role , in cooperation with the Commission .
In terms of getting the European ideal accepted , they are absolute poison , particularly in the regions affected by site closures , and their end product is in fact nothing whatever ; they produce neither additional jobs nor added economic potential .
Between first and second readings , there was division within the Council , which – and I stress that I am talking about the Council as a whole rather than about Luxembourg – showed itself somewhat hesitant .
If I may turn , secondly , to consumer protection , let me say that , whereas the services directive will govern the conditions under which service providers may operate , this directive is intended to ensure the necessary standard of professional qualifications .
This directive also stipulates that the right to monitor them remains with the country in which they have settled , and establishes minimum standards applicable across Europe for professions with which certain risks are associated , such as doctors , pharmacists , midwives and architects ; the level of qualification is guaranteed by five levels dependent upon the length and standard of training .
Our task is to make the four freedoms a reality in the European Union ; our objective , to build the internal market , making it a domestic market for all – employers , workers and consumers alike .
The Commission has decided to proceed with the simplification of the common organisation of the market in fresh fruit and vegetables and with the revision of the COM in processed fruit and vegetables , both in 2006 .
As has already been said , this House exists not only to analyse and criticise – very important though I believe these things are in this case – but also to supply answers and to help secure justice .
Although the European Union’s strategy , which involves supporting the Sudan to the tune of EUR 400 million , is the right response , it is necessary , above all , that the release of these resources be made conditional upon the implementation of the peace treaty and , in particular , on the improvement of the situation in the south-western province of Darfur .
Both the Council report and the Commission report were not so much reports on the World Bank as a thorough analysis of our shortcomings .
This is therefore a key line of attack to take in changing the World Bank’s policies .
Mr President , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , Commissioner , as I have only one minute in which to speak , I should like to focus on just one aspect of this issue .
The EU should start preparing immediately for such an eventuality .
The solutions we applied successfully in the past are no longer enough to overcome the problems we are currently experiencing in the shape of rising unemployment and a shaky economy .
The attempted extermination of the Jews was to be the worst of its crimes .
It was in 1989 that the double burden of totalitarianism was lifted from Europe .
Europe’s unification must benefit the world .
As the President-in-Office of the Council said , on that day , 8 May 1945 , lessons had to be learned , and the right ones were .
If we remember them , the Jewish people remain , as do the Roma and the Sinti , as do those who were murdered for political reasons , as do also the people with disabilities .
We are mainly concerned here with two areas : the Sandzak of Novi Pazar and Vojvodina , where the problems with minorities continue to be extremely serious , and it is these