asylum-seekers and illegal immigrants .
Mr President , I thank the rapporteur and the Commissioner .
The regional fisheries organisations and the Community 's participation in them is an important issue .
Covering nearly all the high seas these organisations provide an instrument to ensure active conservation and management of the fisheries resource .
It is this precious resource that I should like to turn to .
We face a depletion of stocks already which puts fishing into a crisis situation .
There is over-fishing , pollution of our seas , the climate is changing - we see that at the conference at the Hague at the moment - and the physical alteration of the environment puts increasing pressure on these finite resources .
Reform of the CFP will be critical but getting the right reforms will be even more important .
In Scotland the Scottish Fishermen 's Federation and the World Wildlife Fund have got together to propose the concept of zonal regional management .
The fisheries management scheme would involve all interest groups in a particular region .
Although initially merely advisory in its recommendations , it is hoped that by illustrating efficiency and effectiveness over time it would earn a management role .
The development of a regionalisation of the CFP will be critical in ensuring local action .
Regional fisheries organisations provided a role on an international scale and regional or zonal management can make the global become local .
It will truly make for sustainable fisheries .
Could I first of all take the opportunity to welcome the report and say that the whole issue of the management , control and the conservation of fisheries stocks is a major problem no matter where you look .
Throughout the European Union and far beyond we are all well aware of that .
It has also been the source of tremendous disagreement between the fishermen , on one hand , and the scientists , on the other .
To some extent , those of us who are politicians find ourselves in the middle .
We are neither fishermen nor scientists and we try to find the way and the truth between what both are saying to us .
This is an extremely difficult position to have to try to find a way through .
What I would say to this House and to the Commissioner is that we need information of the highest quality and the highest standard that we can all , scientists , fishermen or politicians , take on board .
That is why I believe there is a tremendous role for the Commission to play in going out there and encouraging the fishermen to come forward and cooperate with it and come forward with a solution that we can all agree to .
The Commission should take account of the views of the national regional authorities and the industry .
The Commissioner , when he replied to my report last month , seemed to get his geographical situations slightly mixed up - he did not know whether he was going to Scotland , Ireland or Northern Ireland .
I suddenly discovered that he went to Scotland and the Republic of Ireland but he did not come to Northern Ireland .
Hopefully , geographically , he will be much better placed in the future .
I know he knows where Northern Ireland is and I certainly hope he will come in the future to visit the fishermen there .
I want to say , before we come to a decision that will end the chaos - because I think we are all aware of the situation we are facing coming into December on TACs and quotas - that it is going to be extremely difficult not only for the regional and national areas and the fishermen but also for the Commission .
We need a better way of addressing this at a better time of the year with a greater lead in and greater cooperation than we have had in the past .
I ask the Commission to take that on board .
Mr President , I have Mr Nicholson 's problem in an even more acute form .
I turned up for my debate on ASEM III at the time indicated to find that the whole debate had taken place .
I do not know what the problem is .
I think it is that one or two Members are absent which then brings the debate forward which means that more and more people arrive after the debate .
I do not know how we can solve this problem but my apologies to the House for not being present when I should have been .
I do not know how we can tackle this problem in the future .
Mr President , first of all , it would be totally wrong of us to have come here tonight to either criticise the report or the Commission for coming forward with the proposal .
I should like to thank the rapporteur for his report .
It is the first time we have had a constructive debate on the problems that face the pig industry throughout the European Union - certainly in the eleven years I have been in this Parliament .
I am not saying it is right , I am not saying I agree with it , but at least it is the first time we have had a constructive debate on the subject .
There is no doubt that pig farmers , regardless of where you come from , have faced the most difficult period possible .
I have seen family farms go out of business ; I have listened to farmers ' wives wondering how they would survive because of the problems the industry was facing .
The question I have to ask myself is very straightforward and simple : will this proposal help to alleviate their difficulty either in the short- or long-term ?
