The Union supports Turkey in its aspirations to membership , but progress in the accession negotiations obviously depends very largely on Turkey’s own actions .
The accession process will continue while Turkey continues its process of reform and discharges its obligations accordingly .     .
Straight after that we are both leaving for Sofia , in Bulgaria , and Bucharest , in Romania , to communicate today’s decision and the content of Parliament’s debate to these two future EU Member States .
Like President Barroso , I welcome the statement and reiterate the Commission ’s commitment and our policy of a consolidated enlargement agenda , which covers south-eastern Europe apart from Bulgaria and Romania .
They have the prospect of joining the European Union once they meet the conditions , as promised for the countries of the western Balkans at the Thessaloniki Summit in 2003 .
We expect the EU Member States to be able to agree on a new institutional settlement in 2008 ; hence the new institutional settlement should have been born by the time the next member is likely to join .
If Croatia , which is likely to be the next new member , pursues reforms with rigour and results , it should be ready to join the Union around the end of this decade .
I also thank the members of the Foreign Affairs Committee for their contributions .
However , we should not lose sight of the progress accomplished in the last decade , nor of our commitments towards Turkey .
In its own interest , the European Union needs a democratic , stable and increasingly prosperous Turkey .
It is important that new initiatives are taken and that tangible progress is still achieved before the Commission presents its report on 8 November .
First , freedom of expression is the cornerstone of the reforms .
In July , the final ruling of the Court of Cassation in the case of Hrant Dink established jurisprudence on that notorious Article 301 , which violates European standards .
I have repeatedly expressed my concerns about this , most recently last week to Foreign Minister Gül .
It is now high time for Turkey to amend the restrictive articles in the penal code and bring them truly into line with the European Convention on Human Rights .
That is necessary both for the democratic process in Turkey and for facing tomorrow’s challenges , as well as for Turkey’s reconciliation with its neighbours , including Armenia .
Reconciliation is a principle that is both the origin and the outcome of the European integration process .
Secondly , with regard to freedom of religion , I fully agree with the rapporteur and the Council on this important matter .
There are also Muslim minorities that face discrimination .
Terrorism is our common enemy .
The south-east faces an aggravated socio-economic situation , due not only to security threats but also to high unemployment and poverty .
We expect Turkey soon to adopt a comprehensive strategy targeting all the needs of this region : economic , social and cultural .
We expect Turkey to implement fully the Additional Protocol of the Ankara Agreement .
As set out in the Negotiating Framework , progress in the negotiations also depends on Turkey meeting its obligations .
The Commission fully supports the serious efforts of the Finnish Presidency to overcome the stalemate on the trade regulation , thus helping the Council and the EU Member States to live up to their commitments .
If Turkey succeeds , with our consistent support , it can become an ever-sturdier bridge between civilisations , at a moment when the relationship between Europe and Islam is the greatest challenge of our time .
Turkey is an important benchmark in this regard and it matters for our own future and for the future of our children and grandchildren .
The extraordinary parliamentary session convened last week to accelerate the adoption of the ninth reform package is a welcome step in the right direction .
He has done some excellent work and has drafted what is actually quite a bold report , which in its own way suggests that enlargement is taking place much too quickly .
I totally agree with him .
When we recall what happened in the French and Dutch referendums , it would be better to take account of what the people think about this issue .
We should also think about how far and how fast the EU can expand .
It is a pity that Commissioner Rehn has left .
What is the plan , and how should we then proceed so as not to disappoint the Turks and stop the entire project collapsing because again there could unexpectedly be a NO vote in a referendum ?
In addition , however , Turkey’s immensely important strategic role for the European Union has been made clear .
It is worth saying once again that the European Council confirmed in summer 2006 that it would adhere to existing commitments regarding enlargement , and the work continues on this basis .
There are many challenges facing Turkey , but obviously the talks on membership support the continuation of Turkey’s reform process , and that is in the interests of everyone .
At present we are working hard to find a solution which on the one hand would allow direct trade between the European Union and North Cyprus , and on the other would ensure that Turkey also opened its ports to Cypriot vessels .
In the Nordic countries , there are common electricity markets , and the price of emission allowances has been passed on directly to the cost of electricity in the Nordic Power Exchange .
I would like to mention that , after the question was submitted , the Commission also gave members of the Committee on Budgets written materials on the subject to help clarify the issue .
Can the Commission freely move