for a federation of national states .
A federation of national states is a federal state .
States have constitutions , while federations of states are based on agreements in international law between independent nations .
I call upon the Heads of State and Government to give the Convention a clear mandate .
Is a draft constitution for a federal state to be devised , yes or no ?
Why not let the Convention devise two different , clear and unambiguous proposals , one for a federal state - model 1 , as envisaged by the federalists - and the other for a federation of states - model 2 , as envisaged by the Euro-realists and focusing upon the cross-border problems we cannot solve ourselves in our own parliaments ?
When we have their answer , an Intergovernmental Conference can be held with a view to proposing changes to the existing treaties .
Why , then , not ask for their views before we do anything in their name ?
I believe that people will prefer our version of a Europe of democracies , as set out in the minority opinion of the members of SOS Democracy .
That much is clear .
Upon reflection , however , it is interesting to note in this context that most countries have adequate rules .
That being said , an extension to the mutual obligation to hand over wanted criminals might be contemplated , but it should be far more restricted than provided for here .
That rejection is something I express not only as a politician but , first and foremost , as a lawyer .
They all have major or minor reservations , and many are forthright in their rejection of them because it is a case of the end justifying the means , and the means to be used amount to a violation of what are fundamental ideals in terms of legal rights , something which , for example , Denmark ' s General Council of the Bar has come out very strongly against .
These fundamental legal reforms , which are among the most complicated of legislative matter and require an extensive consultation procedure , are to be implemented without any substantial debate on the issues involved and on the basis of , if I may say so , Commissioner , what is , to put it mildly , inadequate preparation .
Hautala report ( A5-0389/2001 )
Madam President , I want to say that there is a large discrepancy between what the European Parliament normally champions , namely democracy , human rights and the rule of law , and what has happened today , when we have adopted this report by Mr Watson on combating terrorism at a speed completely out of keeping with the analysis that ought to have been carried out and the public debate that ought to have preceded such a report .
Adopting the report will have incalculable consequences for the rule of law in the Member States , and there are quite a few NGOs which had warned us against adopting it and called upon us to set a thorough debate in motion and undertake a detailed analysis before doing so .
I believe that , in this connection , many of us have taken decisions contrary to our national constitutions in areas such as freedom of expression , freedom of association , democracy and the rule of law .
- ( DA ) We support the fight against terrorism , and we will defend the principle that the political struggle must be conducted by democratic means in democratic states .
An attempt is being made to force the proposals through Parliament and the Council by means of an accelerated procedure that excludes the possibility of a public debate on the subject and that does not provide the opportunity to obtain a thorough analysis of the consequences for democratic rights and the rule of law . 2.
That is extremely problematic because there are widely different juridico-political traditions in the Member States .
Because it is a principle that can all too easily lead to false information being given or to serious crimes going unpunished , we oppose introducing the option of reduced penalties for anonymous cooperation in the work of detection . 4 .
However , the proposals are not concerned with the type of events that are already prohibited and in relation to which legal proceedings can be taken in all the Member States .
- ( DA ) The June Movement and the People ' s Movement Against the EU have abstained from voting on the Kaufmann report .
That is because , even if the report contains quite a few very positive features , the June Movement is unable to vote in favour of a report proposing measures as federalist as this .
It may be toppled by new scandals involving fraud , because the former cases of fraud have not been cleared up and because the reforms that might have prevented new cases have not been introduced .
I believe it is heading for the end of the road if it does not change course now .
Parliament ' s group chairpersons have repeated the request .
MEPs sit every day in committee meetings without the relevant and up-to-date papers from the secret legislative process .
We are humiliated the whole time .
People who are humiliated can one day deliver a vote of no confidence to the Commission .
After the ground rules had been agreed , we should have had the Commission ' s legislative programme in October .
However , we have still not been given a proper catalogue of laws .
That is not only a right we possess .
All the institutions must ensure that the EU does not adopt rules which the Member States can devise just as well or better .
