I should like to congratulate the rapporteur , Mr Liese , on his report and thank him for his efforts to reach a compromise .
The codecision procedure to implement the new public health action plans for 2001-2006 cannot be completed by 12 December 2000 , when 4 out of the 6 programmes expire , which is why we urgently need to agree to their being extended , initially by one year and then by a second year if the new action programme has not yet entered into force .
Madam President , may I start by pointing out that the programmes which it is proposed to extend , four programmes for two years ' training and two programmes for one year 's training , are directly related to the new health programme which is currently being discussed in the Committee on the Environment .
We must not forget that the essence of the acquis communautaire from these programmes needs to be passed on to the new health programmes currently being drawn up and it is therefore only right that we extend them .
So we have , I think , proceeded very quickly and with excellent cooperation .
I should , of course , like to thank all my colleagues , and the other groups , and of course I should like to thank my colleagues in the Committee on the Environment , because we had a valuable convergence of opinion and were able to proceed quickly so as to avoid any gaps in the public health sector .
So I feel that , slowly but surely , we are making headway .
We do , of course , admit that some progress was made on both counts .
Unfortunately , however , for the European Parliament , the shortcomings in the Treaty have been exacerbated .
Unanimity has been abolished for a whole series of legislative issues , but without giving Parliament codecision powers .
Fundamental areas still require unanimity .
This method has had it .
With this clause , it is simply a poor treaty .
The music and words and the decision by the Duma are not overly significant .
Do we not know what their significance is ?
Where does the mafia have its roots , if not within the Kremlin itself ?
Which banks is the money from foreign loans and/or the money hoarded inside Russia paid into ?
And where are the prostitution networks operating ?
What are we afraid of ?
The point at issue here is Russia 's role .
The Loïzidou case has already given rise to two judgements against Turkey .
Croatia has made considerable progress in the economic , the political and the social sector and the Stabilisation and Association Agreement is the next logical step .
Allow me briefly to summarise these three main sectors .
However , efforts are clearly being made and the results of structural and economic reform can already be seen , especially in the transparent procedures being used for privatisation and the protection being offered to foreign investment .
This embracing of democracy and the rule of law go beyond mere words to daily actions : institutions are being created and legislation - such as the legislation on protection for refugees , the right to asylum and immigration - is being reformed .
The Stabilisation and Association Agreement between the European Union and the Republic of Croatia has come along at just the right time .
It confirms that the process of stabilisation and association is at the heart of the Union ' s policy vis-à-vis the five countries concerned , which each receive individual treatment . "
This , of course , does not only apply to Greece .
It is extremely unscientific to use the average as an indicator when there is such a wide spread between the figures used to calculate it .
Of course , the European Parliament must avoid the extremes contained in certain amendments , which are not convincing , do not have a qualified majority and undermine the efficacy of its intervention as a whole .
The resale right for the benefit of the author is an important mechanism for supporting artistic creation and artists .
As a result , with such a huge matter pending , the European Investment Bank is refusing to grant a loan and I fail to see how you can include the project in the third CSF without taking this decision .
I should like to thank the Commissioner for attempting to answer my question , but I should point out that students in Greece are currently somewhat confused because the free study centres are claiming that they are able to issue study diplomas which qualify for recognition under Directive 89/48/EEC , if , and provided that , the course in question is completed in Britain , while the Greek authorities and the competent bodies are refusing to recognise diplomas issued for courses completed in Britain .
Mr President , I should like to congratulate Mrs Gill on her report .
If we want Europe to be a knowledge society , then we need to use the European digital content programme as our central reference point and as the main platform on which we base our design of this knowledge and information society .
Why has this happened ?
On the one hand , we have the content and its traditional producers , whose ambition is to bring their platform into the digital age , without their content losing its importance or independence , i .e . without their losing ownership of their production , which they naturally wish to renovate and extend .
It is not in the European Union 's interests to destroy the traditional structures and rules governing the production of the content .
Music and the publication of books , for example , obey certain production and distribution rules .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies