with Parliament that the Joint European Venture should be shut down .
Consequently , the evaluation report was scheduled for submission after that date , so that account could be taken of the full 48-month budgetary period .
Just one comment , Mr President , on the original approach taken by Mr Bushill-Matthews .
All these European Commission initiatives , the guarantee funds , the Joint European Venture , technological backing for companies , are pilot programmes to find new financial instruments for small and medium-sized enterprises , some of which are successful and some of which are not and all of which depend on how dynamic and well-developed the markets are in the Member States .
As employment statistics show , labour market reforms have not , unfortunately , been strong enough to create the sort of momentum which translates into new jobs , to the point that , even in countries such as Greece which has growth of around 4 % , unemployment is still a problem .
It is illustrative of the weaknesses and difficulties inherent in European unification .
I would also suggest that we need to make use of important instruments for finding innovative ways of promoting mobility , such as Article 6 of the European Social Fund .
They need to be prepared at all stages of their education and we need to make it easier for students to move from one university to another .
I should like to comment on three important points , in reply to the issues raised by Mr Brok .
Algeria has a duty to improve the situation and , more to the point , to ensure that there is a genuine division between the executive , legislative and judicial powers and transparent ballot counts .
Similarly , it needs to move and facilitate the move from the present planned economy to a free-market economy .
The government recently approved a 7 billion dollar programme along these lines , which covers a great many of these issues .
This is a reasonable request on the Algerian side .
The third issue is the human rights clause , which is fundamental to the association procedure .
I think that the application of the human rights clause can be dealt with both adjectivally and substantially .
Adjectivally through political dialogue , which needs to be predicated on human rights , and substantially , I would say , by the European Union by using a clearer and more substantive language with fewer evasions .
The European Parliament is willing , as it has already stated , to foster dialogue with the Algerian parliament and this will be vital to exchanges of information , common positions and the interests of both sides .
Madam President , the association agreement concluded with Algeria really is a step in the right direction in Euro-Mediterranean relations and towards achieving our common objective , which is to create not just a free trade zone but an area of sustainable development , security and prosperity for all .
I should like to remind you that , in its resolution on the report on respect for women 's rights in Euro-Mediterranean relations , the European Parliament called for an express provision on protection for women 's rights and , at the same time , called for provision to be made for a protection monitoring policy similar to that applied to candidate countries .
In the same vein , I should like to condemn the absence of the role of women and women 's organisations from the proposed regional collaboration .
On numerous occasions , both I and several of my fellow Members have called for the European Union to take action on the ground when major disaster strikes the Member States of the European Union .
I really hope the Council will not demonstrate the meanness it appears to be demonstrating on this particular issue and will be as generous as it should .
Mr President , the Kyoto Protocol was widely welcomed as an important step in combating the climate changes threatening life on our planet .
It is equally unthinkable that people should cite the right to pollute .
In theory it supports the Kyoto Protocol ; in practice it undermines it .
The protection of our planet is in the hands of the grass-roots movement .
Many people perhaps consider that the introduction and success of the euro are ex-post vindication of the inflation and excessive deficit limits , those all too restrictive limits .
Witness also the fact that every time the European Central Bank has raised interest rates , that is , every time it has tightened monetary policy , the value of the euro has fallen rather than risen , contrary to the expectations of those who decided to raise interest rates .
I think that this analysis justifies President Prodi 's choice of words and analysis .
I am sure that each and every one of us , like the Commissioner , is eager to contribute to this revival in our own way , by providing a number of political tools .
We need these statistics and your support is important here .
And finally , the whole situation is in a state of flux .
Mr President , I should like to thank the two rapporteurs for the exceptional reports they have tabled here for debate , especially Mrs Grossetête , with whom we had an excellent and highly productive working relationship .
Incentives : these are based mainly on exclusivity , by which we mean protecting industrial property rights and inventions .
However , I think that the arrangements achieved in the regulation and now being proposed do strike a balance between exclusivity on the one hand and a reasonable period of protection on the other .
Yesterday President Bush made a move precisely because the Member States are under huge financial pressure in this sector