As for small and medium-sized undertakings , they are so important for competitiveness , growth and employment , that we really must improve their access to funding sources , and we must also strengthen the Union 's budgetary efforts in accordance with the proposal made in this report , in order to stimulate and facilitate the implementation of any project which has a positive impact on job creation .
Obviously , I fully agree that they exist as an important contribution to educating people and , in particular , educating the younger section of the population but I do not think that work by NGOs alone is going to protect the environment .
What scientific preparation do they have in the fields of chemistry , physics , botany and zoology ?
Reference is made in this respect to the fact that the gradual integration of the textile and clothing industry into the central system of the disciplines of the World Trade Organisation and the impact of new free trade agreements with the countries of central and eastern Europe , the Customs Union with Turkey and bilateral agreements with Pakistan , India and China will substantially alter the framework for action in the Community textiles industry and this will force it to make a new effort to restructure itself , in order to face up - with guarantees of success - to international competition .
We absolutely must stick to the original timetable of liberalisation and integration , with the objective that the Community 's textile industry can conclude , in conditions of certainty , the process which has now been started , i .e . that of restructuring and adapting to new international conditions , minimising the resulting social and regional costs , facing up with guarantees of success to increased external competition which will be concentrated in the application of the final phase , scheduled for the year 2005 .
Nothing at present leads me to believe that , in any of the ten points on the agenda , any kind of operational resolution will be reached , be it in a legal or practical sense .
In other words , we must implement Article 5 agreed upon in Marrakesh , which calls for greater openings to NGOs , interest groups and other international organisations .
We cannot accept that the little amount of legislation that we have might be called into question by the GATT accords .
Therefore - and I am very pleased at having heard my colleague and what he had to say - the Moniz report must make up for these insufficiencies and omissions so that , in addition to the amendments which we in the REX Committee made to it , we can again propose another amendment which makes the European Parliament 's opinion clearer vis-à-vis the Commission document .
In other words , in our view , sustainable development calls for a permanent articulation between human development and environmental protection .
Therefore , it is no surprise that it should recommend progress in the liberalisation of farming , and should call for a revision in accordance with outside interests , bringing about an abandonment of Community preference , nor should it be a surprise that it is aimed at subverting the transition recommended in the Moniz report and nor is it a surprise that it defends the full liberalisation of services , telecommunications and investment .
Madam President , I should like to congratulate Mr Moniz , the rapporteur , on his work and , of course , on having struck a certain balance in depicting the situation facing the textiles industry in my country .
No clauses were negotiated , nobody dared to defend poor economies against powerful ones or against exploited economies , such as some in Asia .
In that agreement it was recognised that structural adjustments needed to be made to the European textiles industry in the new conditions of production and commercialisation which have affected textile products throughout the world .
On the other hand , in the line of the programme for restructuring the textile and clothing industries , implemented three years ago by the Portuguese authorities , we must strengthen direct support measures for this sector , preparing it to be able to compete with an advantage on an open market , while respecting the rules of international trade ; it is also important that since modernising the sector leads to a liberation of some of the labour force , we should also promote alternative sectors which are able to occupy them in better conditions .
Europe must and can continue to be a great producer and exporter of quality textiles .
My colleague Emma Bonino , who has just returned from the Great Lakes region , will no doubt remind us of the tragic impact of these events on the refugees and displaced persons , and the impossibility , hitherto , of providing any aid to those in need , those in danger of death for lack of food , water and medical care .
However , we are not here to analyse the historical events that have led to the present armed conflict in the Kivu , or to lay the blame for those events at any particular door .
Unless we can remove the armed elements , we are going to be unable to solve the problem of returning the main body of refugees from Rwanda and Burundi , which is still a priority objective in resolving the crisis .
Any such solution , I say again , would have to be formulated by the International Conference on Peace , Security and Stability to be organized under the aegis of the United Nations and the OAU.
That does