all those concerned .
I must add that , even when faced with a continuous exchange of proposals and with understanding everyone’s demands , we also prepared a legislative product with the Commission that met with broad satisfaction .
The Council common position offers the basis for an acceptable compromise and yet sufficient account was not taken of some of the areas that were debated and adopted by Parliament at first reading .
I therefore agree that Parliament must not deviate from this balance , and it would be ironic if it were to do so when reviewing the environmental significance of the provision .
In all this I do not see a fairer , more respectful choice to protect the heritage of the people of Europe and of the world but rather shapeless , hypocritical , and conflicting protectionism that protects the intellectual , national and regional elites , against the dynamism and the cultural conflict which , in its substance , is always ...     Madam President , it would seem from the report that culture ’s enemy is the liberalisation of the markets and the World Trade Organisation and that individual States are the bastion of culture or cultures .
I am referring to the key institutional events , such as the parliamentary elections in mid-June and the completion of this Commission ’s mandate at the end of October .
Enlargement will bring about significant changes for all our institutions .
From this height we will be able to see the new neighbours of the enlarged Europe with whom , as Mr Ahern mentioned , we want to create an area of cooperation , stability , security and peace .
Whilst we must show determination in opposing and neutralising terrorist organisations , conflict situations must be resolved at political level .
Clearly , there are risks involved in any situation and the Commission insists that we all move together towards a form of integration that is more solid and which enjoys broader agreement .
If the efforts to this end were to fail repeatedly  – and I do hope that this does not happen – then we could not , of course , oppose better solutions from other quarters but , I repeat , this does not apply to the historic phase in which we are currently working : we are now working towards us all having a Constitution shared by all the Member States .
The Commission will , therefore , make its proposals and the Council will take its decisions ; no decision will be able to bear fruit until the decisions become real policies at national level , and so we need the cooperation of the Member States to be harmonised .
National strategies alone will not produce cutting-edge research ; we need a strategy for the continent , we need the whole of the Union to pull together .
This must , therefore , be the aim of our policies and our effort to meet the expectations of the people of Europe .     – Mr President-in-Office , the priorities you have proposed here today deserve a general welcome and just a couple of comments that I shall make .
It is with the primary purpose of giving new impetus to the grand design for Europe that I should like to raise two points about your programme of work .
With the Vatican-inspired vetoes on research freedom , Europe is again threatened with losing an extremely dangerous amount of our countries ’ culture , industry and civilisation .
Mr President of the Commission , for the coming term to be successful a major political problem needs to be settled : what will the role of the Community’s executive power be ?
The June elections must not be allowed to widen the split in the Union , but must instead give a new democratic boost to pro-European feeling .
Therefore , the message we should like you to pass on to all the governments in Europe is both simple and clear : accept the responsibility for giving Europe a constitution before the European elections .
Together with these extraordinary tasks , however , you will also have ordinary tasks to deal with , to which I should like to draw your attention .
I am sure that , in your new garb as President-in-Office of the Council , you will be able to further these measures and bring them to a conclusion , because they are in the interests of the European public and our fellow citizens are awaiting them .     . – Mr President , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , ladies and gentlemen , the speech Bertie has made makes my job much easier , because the Presidency and the Commission are in complete agreement .
I repeat , by the end of February , after I have been round all the capitals and shortlisted all the Commissioners , I will bring you their names here .
We are all too aware , Mr President , that no success is assured and that the situation is difficult but , by looking carefully at our current difficulties and the great result that the Commission has given us , we will surely get good results .
The most competitive society in the world does not come about all by itself , as you are well aware , and here we come up against a serious contradiction .
This is a democratic principle , and so it was the Commission ’s duty to call for the rule to be obeyed , but at the same time it has also been the Commission ’s duty to prepare the changes needed for the future .
Within Padania , for instance , there is an immense linguistic cultural heritage , ranging from Piedmontese to the Venetian language , as mentioned by Mr Gobbo , to Lombard , Ladin and a host of endangered minority languages .
