With regard to the anti-terrorism package , I do not understand why the aim is not to adopt an independent European stance on this issue .
I do not understand why we do not concentrate much more on preventing future terrorism instead of taking the line adopted by the United States .
Mr President , the conclusions from the Laeken Summit are by no means surprising in terms either of their rhetoric or their content .
For the umpteenth time , openness and proximity to the people are promised .
The reality has proved to be completely different , for the summit ' s declared ambition that the institutions of the EU should be brought closer to the people turns out in reality to mean that the people of the Member States are ever more excluded by the closed institutions of the EU , which have fatally misunderstood the nature of democracy .
There is no doubt that these three worthy men will be able to step up the dynamic of EU integration , but there are more and more of us who doubt that the EU and its ambitions to be a great power are any kind of solution .
On the contrary , they constitute the very problem .
That is a good thing .
Experience all goes to show that the composition of the Convention will also be one-sided .
Yet deputising is one of the classic opportunities women have for obtaining any kind of representation when it comes to this type of work .
Those who voted for me can meet in room R31 at midday and decide when I am to withdraw .
Mr President , I should like to request that the meeting be postponed so that the discussion among those who voted for myself can continue .
It is obvious that we are not asking for a single political concession .
Those who have voted for myself are independent Members from small and large groups who do not feel that they have had all their wishes met .
We met with them in room R31 , and we should like to continue a little longer .
I think it was you , Mr President , who closed the sitting , and that is also what the French version states .
Mr President , the smallest group in Parliament , the Group for a Europe of Democracies and Diversities , also wishes to welcome the President-in-Office of the Council , Mr Aznar , and we should like to talk a little about the Convention , which will begin on 1 March .
I would call upon you to ensure that these 14 members also include representatives of the 49 % who voted 'no ' in the referendum on Maastricht in France and of the near enough 50 % who voted 'no ' in a couple of referendums in Denmark .
It would be more practical to secure a lasting compromise by entering into dialogue straight away with the different points of view to be found among the various populations .
The intergroup here in Parliament , which is called 'SOS Democracy ' and whose members are in a way the federalists ' polar opposites , as well as partners cooperating on issues of transparency and proximity to the people , has had an excellent meeting with Mr Verhofstadt and also wishes to request a corresponding meeting with yourself .
During the meeting with Mr Verhofstadt , the latter made two interesting pledges .
He pledged that he would work towards these goals and called upon us to campaign for them .
My question to Mr Aznar is as to whether he too would call for broad representation and ensure that referendums subsequently take place .
Will he be a party to holding a consultative referendum on two different proposals ?
We must discuss how the Charter can bind the institutions together without coming into conflict with the constitutions and the European Court of Human Rights ; how a division of the Treaty into two parts will not simply make it less likely that there will be referendums in the event of Treaty changes ; how more than thirty forms of decision can be reduced to three clear forms of decision ; how we are to formulate a right of veto on crucial issues without paralysing the whole process ; how the national parliaments are to be associated with the cooperation process and whether they can assume the Commission ' s initiative , monopoly and competence catalogue ; and how it can be ensured that matters do not just go the same way as did the rule of law .
As a friend of Spain , I particularly welcome you to Parliament , and I hope that you will surprise us by implementing that openness which Sweden did not get anywhere with and which Belgium did not work to bring about .
Mr President , procurement policy is a very important means of leading social development in the direction of sustainability .
Local authorities and state organisations must therefore naturally be entitled to take account of the environment , the working environment and social goals when they procure goods and services .
It is a right that local authorities must be given , with due attention having to be paid , of course , to ensuring that there will be no question of a distortion of competition .
The public sector must be able to make environmental demands of the products it purchases , and it is particularly important to emphasise in this connection that it must be able to impose requirements upon such products throughout their whole life cycles .
By means of a number of amendments , we have tried to integrate social and environmental considerations .
Specifically where ozone is concerned , we are of course in an odd situation .
Down here on earth , on the other hand , the concentration is , of course