Happily the Commissioners do not stand accused either of fraud or of lining their own pockets , but there is the fateful passage in the Wise Men 's report , paragraph 9.9.2..
I wish to state that the reforms which Mr Santer has proposed , for instance the codes of conduct , were impressive reforms .
We want a start to be made on the reforms straight away .
We have no illusions .
We need a Commission which more than ever , as the Treaty says , is independent , transparent and above all pursues the general interest of the Union .
Our experience was that we got the information in dribs and drabs , too late , and very often it was incomplete .
So I find it unfortunate that the Commission 's initial reactions last week were very much ones of defence and denial .
He has played his proper part as a European official .
But we need individual accountability as many speakers have said .
I hope it is realised that there cannot simply be one candidate .
If that is the case , it will be a total contradiction of what we are saying , namely that we need a new Commission as quickly as possible , and that includes the point made by President Santer .
Throughout all this , however , the Council has remained deaf and blind .
That is why clear measures are needed to show people , amongst other things , how the official machinery actually works , for the very specific reason that people have a strong aversion to officials , technocrats and their bureaucracy .
However , only one of the two arms of the budgetary authority ( Parliament ) gave them proper consideration ' .
If it does not do its stuff quickly , the present Commission will still be around until the end of 1999 .
Mr Van Buitenen must be reinstated without delay .
Mr President , in this debate on the resignation of the Commission and the forthcoming summit in Berlin , I would like to start by thanking the good Commissioners for all the work they have done in recent years .
That seems to me to be the normal democratic rule .
I very much hope that changes will be made to agricultural policy , because the way it is shaping up is not good .
This new position , this new culture , must be reflected in the implementation of the code of conduct , the development of individual responsibility for Commissioners , a revision of the Staff Regulations , and the Members ' Statute .
So we want a new Commission for five and a half years , with a six-month probationary period .
It has to do with democracy and accountability .
It is against that background that we are pleased to hear that the Commission recognises that the times are changing .
Apparently the Japanese are more reserved than the South Koreans .
We are in a dilemma .
The oral question plus the report are part of a package .
If you rule that we will not suspend the debate until tomorrow morning - and I understand that is implicit in what you are saying , though I would question it - could you a least say that the Council will reply in writing to the specific questions put by Mr Spencer on behalf of the Committee on Foreign Affairs , Security and Defence Policy and that we will have that reply tomorrow before the vote ?
My first question is this : what has actually come of all the measures taken under that action plan ?
It means , as paragraph 1 of the resolution says , that there must within three months be a good overview and a proper new proposal on which Parliament is consulted .
It is important to devise a policy for the long term .
Nor is Iraq 's record one which justifies sending refugees back .
If the producer has not been careful enough , the consumer is then guaranteed his rights .
I think that such an important and problematic subject calls for a detailed discussion and balanced decisions .
The change should also include the closing of other loopholes which exist at present , so that the work does not have to be done twice .
We have that world body in the form of the United Nations .
There is no place here for vetoes .
Over the last five years we in Parliament have made enormous progress in the quality of implementation and the involvement of other committees than the Budget Committee .
We must highlight the contradiction in the Council today .
If we add the expected 'fresh funds ' , this will give us a budget of EUR 95 billion .
It is asking for trouble .
So it would be foolish not to spend some time on it in today 's sitting .
I think we have to draw these conclusions clearly in the budget debate and especially in the second reading in September , and that means finding solutions to the problems of the past and it means a bigger budget for recruiting in-house expertise .
I think that this situation provides grounds for obliging the Council to stand by the agreement it has concluded and thus prevent a unanimous vote in the Council to reject the agreement concluded with Parliament .
We still do not know what the European Council intends to do about the future of the European Commission , how quickly solutions will be found to the problems which have arisen , so that they can be consigned to the past .
So perhaps we can think of some other means of putting pressure on the Council .
But we are still not totally reassured , and I would ask the Commission