It would have been absurd for the Socialists to have used the strongest political weapon at their disposal in this vote .
We have done three things .
A fortnight after the launch of the euro , our Parliament and our Europe deserved more .
In these circumstances Parliament must get at the truth , ensure mechanisms are put in place to rectify the situation and insist that any individual shown to be guilty of criminal activities is prosecuted .
The motion of censure of 20 February 1997 concerning mad cow disease was not passed .
In support of the new situation , we will continue to work towards a progressive reorientation of European construction and for transparency and democracy within the institutions .
Yes , we do need to review the European institutions , but this review needs to be in-depth : that is what we mean when we talk about the need to build 'another Europe ' .
The Angolan Government , whose legitimacy is doubtful given its failure to complete the presidential election process , has tried to politically and physically destroy those who should have been its partners , and has forced UNITA to take action in self-defence .
In November and December he went to the area , and following his meetings with the parties in the conflict , he put forward a set of recommendations in order to break the deadlock in the peace process and to implement the Houston agreements .
In this respect , Guatemala has become a real baby-trafficking location , so that in 1997 it was estimated that more than two thousand children were sold at a price of 15 000 to 20 000 dollars .
Although we admit that any measure can be adapted to make it more effective , we question the merits of a major review of all the recent regulations on the European postal services , when we have still not established the results of those regulations .
If necessary , the French Government will have to go as far as using force on this issue , as it is so crucial for the security of our fellow citizens .
There should also be regular debate on family affairs and children in the Council of Ministers , and the unit within the European Commission that is devoted to those policies should be restructured .
Families are not charity cases for governments and their policies .
Protection of the family and of children is a very broad subject .
Today , Madam President , I would like to deal with only one of the many issues , but one that affects just about all children and that has a very profound influence on them .
Otherwise , we will inevitably be left with patchy and non-compulsory measures .
In my opinion , we should either improve the stability of exchange rates or at least ensure that we still have the resources to protect ourselves like other countries .
The deliberations by Mr Novo and the Committee on Fisheries on the need to improve the implementation of the common fisheries policy have highlighted four main proposals that we fully support .
It could include intensively farmed products , whereas the least we could do would be to specify products from regions covered by the agri-environmental measures , from integrated farming or even farming converting to organic methods .
Once again , a free Europe cannot thrive without saying 'no ' to NATO .
We also need to begin , and continue with , the process of diversifying and reorientating some military activities to the civilian sphere , particularly the aeronautical , space and electronic industries .
Of course , we know that the prospect of the tenth anniversary of the events in Tiananmen Square is worrying Beijing , but we fear that the roots of such a hardline stance go much deeper than that .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , regional policy and competition policy work towards objectives that do not seek to achieve the same outcome .
The European Union must continue to support this position .
We socialists hope that assistance will be granted to improve quality and we believe that it is essential to help diversify production because , for many ACP countries , the banana is the only source of income .
Then , under the pretext that Sweden , Austria and Finland were joining the European Union , thereby prejudicing the United States , we agreed to import 2.5 million tonnes of Latin American bananas without customs duties or with reduced customs duties .
If we look at battery rearing in general , we can see that firstly it destroys biodiversity , secondly it destroys jobs and rural employment in particular and thirdly it constitutes a real hell on earth for these poor birds .
We need quality products which obviously are a little more expensive , by say two euros per person per year , but which will reduce the social burden and medical costs .
Mr President , I asked for the floor five minutes ago , firstly in order to congratulate you on the way in which you have conducted the sitting .
To conclude , what is being proposed today is a major reduction in the price of beef , for which there will only be partial compensation , and from 2003 onwards we will be told that in order to fulfill our international obligations we must reduce compensatory aid .
The Group of Independents for a Europe of Nations will vote against the Commission 's proposal , as in the milk sector there is nothing to justify a reform of the common organisation of the market in milk and milk products .
In order to compensate for the shortcomings and weaknesses of the Commission 's proposal , our Group has tabled several amendments , and if they are not accepted by the Commissioners we will be forced to vote against this proposal .
Maybe ,