legitimate right to participate actively in the Bonn conference and not simply to play spear-carrier , as we did at the Hague Conference .
On the other hand , it has never been as difficult to take action as it is today : the decision by the United States has dealt a harsh blow to international efforts over the last ten years .
I should like to say one last word about economic issues .
I agree with the basic tenet of his clear and intelligent speech and I hope that with the prospect of the Laeken Council , his action will serve to override the total failure of the Nice Conference .
We hope , in any event , that our governments and our parliaments will participate in the convention drawing up the proposals for the European Union ' s constitution .
This is a lengthy and complex process which , on the basis of the proposals made by the European Commission , seeks to achieve agreement between the Council and the European Parliament , the two branches of the budgetary authority .
This applies to agricultural spending , security policy and international fisheries agreements .
The progress report has already been presented by the Commission , which is cause for satisfaction , and we are sure that it will seen as the crucial instrument that it is and which we are already beginning to study .
I shall end here , in the hope that on 20 July - the date scheduled for the conciliation meeting - the positive and constructive spirit that I personally feel , will spread to all of those present .
According to current estimates , more than thirty million people are displaced , some as refugees seeking shelter in foreign countries , others forced to seek refuge in safer areas within their own countries .
What have we done in the face of this situation ?
They are an attempt to provide a period of basic survival .
A proposal for a regulation that was very similar to the previous one .
I should also like to draw your attention to the urgent need within the European Union to address the refugee issue in a united way .
We can only censure the Council for this attitude .
The European Parliament needs to be more audacious and should not simply accept what it is presented with , as is happening once again .
Furthermore , it is a matter of priority to ensure that the participation of the Member States takes place according to their relative wealth - on the basis of their GNP - and that the contribution by the citizens is fair and balanced .
Nevertheless , it must also be emphasised that the decline in fishing and in related industries , which are fundamental factors for socio-economic cohesion in many of these areas that depend on fishing , are making them highly vulnerable .
I have voted and shall continue to vote in favour of all the resolutions tabled here on issues of human rights , religious persecution or on the Tibetan situation in China .
We cannot isolate a nation-state of 1.3 billion people .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , our group is pleased with this initiative and with the broad consensus that we were able to achieve on the compromise resolution , in which we saw our main concern included , as it was in our own draft resolution : a deep concern at the terrible situation seen in many armed conflicts and the cruel and barbaric use of great numbers of children who are recruited as soldiers at a very tender age .
I should also like to say that I was moved by Mr MacCormick ' s words and that we shall be supporting his amendment .
Today , with even greater importance given the extremely serious crisis in which neighbouring Zimbabwe has become entangled .
The European Union ' s cooperation with the Republic of South Africa has a projected budget for the period until 2006 of around PTE 180 billion , that is around EUR 9.02 billion , to which we can add an equal amount of funding from the EIB , the main aims being to combat poverty , to encourage economic and social development , to create jobs , to stimulate the private sector and to consolidate democracy and the rule of law .
South Africa ' s transition was acknowledged by the Nobel Peace Prize being awarded to the two presidents : the last president of the apartheid era and President Nelson Mandela , that great African statesman .
The alternative , which would be very sad , would ruin an experiment that we all hope will succeed .
Nevertheless , South Africa still faces serious problems that have been described here today , from violent crime , into which the country is threatening to sink , and into which it could very well sink , to the terrible disease of AIDS .
The Portuguese community , one of the largest and most affected by the violence , has already been brave enough to demonstrate on the streets and demand protective measures .
I would remind you of the words of the great French philosopher , Montaigne , who said : ' Every man contains within him the entire form of the human condition ' .
And without fish , it goes without saying , there can be no fishing .
A permanent reduction of the fishing fleets is , of course , viewed with apprehension by fishermen and others in the industry .
The rapporteur focuses a great deal on the need to reduce the capacity of the Member States ' fleets and to establish a system of penalties that will compel the Member States to 'comply with the provisions requiring them to reduce their fishing fleets under the MAGPs ' .
