Although we have not managed to increase the programme’s budget to the level we wanted exactly , the rapporteur , Mario Mauro , can be very pleased with the work he has done .
If it is successful in this way , the programme could reinforce the idea of EU citizenship .
Commercial learning environments are used by just one in three users of virtual education .
It is very important that these individual endeavours are made visible and available for others to make use of .
The problem , however , is the digital divide , which probably affects about one third of our population .
In this way they will also be able to purchase and build up a stock of equipment , because the digital gap is , of course , in practice an even wider form of social gap .     – Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , my sincere thanks and congratulations go to Mrs  Hermange for an excellent report .
In Europe we have actually acquired an instrument to help us to reach swift and effective decisions in disputes over custody and enable us to avoid long , expensive and difficult legal proceedings with regard to separations across borders , which are so painful for children .
Both the press and children’s organisations have together commended us on what we have achieved .
Divorce is always a traumatic experience for a child , as it is for adults too , and if it is followed by litigation that lasts for years it can become absolutely intolerable .
Of course we cannot meddle with the content of the Hague Convention in this report by Mrs  Hermange .
Could the European Union itself have a hand in promoting the ratification of the Hague Convention ?
They have done excellent work with respect to this important matter .
Now it is important for the Council not to put the brakes on the implementation of the reforms .
We have dawdled far too long in the development of the railways .
Arguments for implementing the rail package have been put forward many times now .
The opening up of competition in freight and passenger transport will encourage the development of rail transport .
Mr Sterckx’s aim for a high level of safety in rail transport will certainly have the support of everyone .
For safety’s sake it is also important for trains to be equipped with a black box and that the data compiled by the equipment and the way that data is processed are standardised .
The main task of the Railway Agency will be to promote best practice and facilitate cooperation between the players in the railway sector .
The work of the Agency must nevertheless take account of the different conditions to be found in the Member States .     – Mr President , firstly I would like to thank the rapporteurs for the budget , Mrs Neena Gill and Mr Jan Mulder , for their excellent and constructive work .
I likewise want to say how highly I regard the Chairman of the Committee on Budgets , Mr Terence Wynn , and the Budgets Commissioner , Michaele Schreyer , for their friendly and expert cooperation .
Secondly , the budget has been drawn up as an activity-based budget .
This is a big reform , which at the same time emphasises the importance of personal accountability , and it will create a basis for later activity-based management in the Commission .
The proposal in the wake of the debate by the Committee on Budgets contains many important areas of focus .
With regard to agriculture , the committee gave export aid for live cattle its own separate budget heading .
Up till now the European Union has worked on the principle that , for example , animals should not be vaccinated against foot-and-mouth disease , as this way one cannot tell whether immunity is due to the infection spreading the disease or the vaccines .
Our group cannot support this amendment proposed by the PSE Group , as it does not accord with good administration .
The biggest problem with the draft budget concerns the reconstruction of Iraq .
Our group cannot support the proposal by the Group of the European People’s Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats to spend EUR 500 million on assisting the reconstruction of Iraq .
It is our opinion , however , that the main share of this – EUR 100 million approximately – should be financed out of the flexibility instrument , as otherwise Parliament’s priorities would run into trouble .
At the end of the day , it is a sort of favouritism .
With these observations we support the reports by Mr Mulder and Mrs Gill .     – Mr President , Commissioner , I have followed the work of the budget rapporteurs , Mr Jan Mulder and Mrs Neena Gill , carefully on behalf of my group .
The serious problems of the Middle East have had too little attention paid to them in the debate on next year’s budget .
Not everybody in our group likes Mrs Gill’s proposal to take an appropriation from the budget to start support for European political parties using Parliament’s funds .
That way the big parties in the big countries could subjugate the small parties in the small countries .
On the other hand , we support the ideas put forward by Mrs Gill on the committee regarding how necessary it is to make the work of the European Parliament more efficient .
Most of all our group criticises the EUR 500 million appropriation in next year’s budget for the reconstruction of Iraq passed in the committee by a vote by the Group of the European People’s Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats .
It wants to share in the costs of the US oil war in a way that greatly exceeds the need for aid set at EUR 200 million , as proposed by the