However , it is comforting that , in the wake of the opposition and concerns expressed by the members of the Committee on Culture and Education on the downgrading of policies on education and training , especially at a time when unemployment is on the rise and is causing problems in numerous Member States of the European Union , the Committee on Budgets tabled the necessary amendments , which I supported , and increased the initial planned appropriations ( for example , in the case of Article 150202 on lifelong learning programmes ) .
I expressed a different opinion in the votes on the question of leave .
Moreover , as I have consistently argued , efforts to reconcile family life with work and raising children basically require social infrastructures and corporate social responsibility throughout a woman 's working life .
The pressure for debts to be settled immediately , with the threat of serious monetary penalties in the form of interest , mainly serves the interests of the businesses taking advantage of the crisis to seek cutbacks in social protection and a freeze on or cuts to workers ' wages .
It calls on the Member States to 'take a fresh look ' at policies to guarantee an adequate income , knowing that decent and viable jobs need to be created in order to combat poverty .
It also stresses the need to adopt rules on insurance , so as to establish a link between the minimum pension paid and the corresponding poverty threshold .
The stand taken by Community officers and in the European Parliament resolution confirms that .
The massive demonstrations in Greece , France , Italy and other countries are blatant proof that the choices made by the capitalist system are rejected by the workers .
Our side criticised the anti-social , anti-growth Stability Pact , the institutional and political weaknesses of EMU, the anti-democratic way in which the ECB functions and the unbalanced growth within the EU , and proposed ways of getting out of the crisis which respected labour and social rights .
I therefore reserve the right to express a specific opinion at a later date .
There are no strategic guidelines whatsoever to safeguard balanced growth and stimulate the competitiveness of all Member States .
All this , at a time when the workers in numerous countries in Europe have come out on to the streets in protest against becoming the victims of the crisis and the neoliberal counter-attack being launched by the EU , the ECB and the IMF.
There are no strategic guidelines whatsoever to safeguard balanced growth and invigorate competitiveness for all the Member States .
Mr President , Commissioner , sustainable use of the maritime environment is vital to the sustainability and growth of the whole of Europe , especially countries whose economies are directly linked to the sea .
For the maritime sector , this means further promoting short sea shipping and ensuring better links between peripheral maritime regions and islands and between them and the mainland and economic centres .
Mr President , the integrated maritime policy is vital to the European Union .
That is why we must safeguard the competitiveness of our shipping as a valuable asset ; it is very important to Europe .
As such , paragraph 25 of the report , in which the European Parliament asks the coastal states of all the maritime basins , especially the Mediterranean , to resolve delimitation issues on the basis of the Law of the Sea Convention , is extremely important .
I abstained from voting on this specific report , despite the fact that I agree and support the proposed amendments , especially those which restore the controlling role of the European Parliament .
However , I share concerns that , in its text , the Commission has attached little importance to innovation as a catalyst in improving European standardisation standards .
I could not vote in favour of the report when , apart from anything else , it deplores as 'protectionist ' the measures taken by Argentina to deal with the financial crisis and , on that basis , indirectly asks the Commission to impose sanctions , calling on it to 'regularly address the issue of market access with countries in Latin America ' .
However , we must ensure that future trade relations between the two regions will not hamper this progress and that products imported into the EU meet European standards in terms of quality , consumer safety and environmental protection .
However , it is worth pointing out once again that with this programme we are seeking to promote environmental improvement and to increase the competitiveness of Europe 's undertakings .
SAVE II seems to be pointed towards the second of those two paths .
Although I do not believe that legislation would help us down that route , I feel that we should not disregard the experience that we have gained from the past at a very heavy price .
If so , he should say so in his report , he should describe it to us , and I believe we would then all go along with him .
However , his report mentions no such thing .
Those who had powerful political protectors were transferred to other services of the European Union .
When the Eastern countries accede in due course , will certain spoiled members of staff refuse to transfer to capitals outside the ParisBerlin-Brussels triangle ?
Madam President , at the outset , I must state that I have particular reservations about Mr Kellett-Bowman 's report on CEDEFOP.
It is a fact that CEDEFOP is passing through a time of transition because of its move from Berlin to Thessaloniki following the decision taken at the European Council in Brussels , concerning which anyone is entitled to have reservations .
Madam President , I think the European Commission has