States and this is reflected in the low level of complaints about the rights of pregnant workers received by the Commission " .
The rapporteur has set this all to one side , effectively saying it is irrelevant , claiming that the original directive just did not go far enough .
I like some of the suggestions in her report .
I congratulate her for the enthusiasm with which she has pursued her agenda .
But in general it is not a health and safety agenda .
It is very much a traditional socialist agenda .
Firstly , her report aims to harmonise social policy across the EU rather than leave the detail to Member States - a point made with great force by Mr Olle Schmidt earlier in this debate .
Secondly , it wants to improve the terms and conditions of employment for pregnant workers and new mothers by way of extra maternity leave and specified minimum pay levels .
Neither of these are really health and safety issues .
She is proposing solutions for which there is no health and safety problem .
As British Conservatives we confirm our concern about health and safety for all workers , especially vulnerable groups .
We confirm our commitment to subsidiarity regarding terms and conditions of employment .
But we also confirm our concern to help more women into jobs rather than putting up further barriers to female employment .
Hence we urge the House to reject the report .
Mr President , on a point of order , I am sorry to delay the House when I know there is a large amount of voting to go on .
I have just discovered from my agenda that the vote on my own report is to be taken last .
I have not been consulted about this .
Indeed I indicated earlier that this needed to be taken as early as possible in the voting because - and as one of those involved in aviation , I know this better than most - I have only got one flight to get me home .
And so I am stuck !
So I throw myself upon the mercy of the House and wonder whether it would be possible to vote early , rather than to vote late , on the Atkins report ?
Mr President , on a point of order , it is good to see that our budgets Commissioner is completely up-to-date with the numbers .
( The President declared the common position approved as amended )
Recommendation for second reading ( A5-0164/2000 ) , on behalf of the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Policy , on the common position established by the Council with a view to the adoption of a European Parliament and Council recommendation providing for minimum criteria for environmental inspections in the Member States [5684/1/2000 - C5-0181/2000 - 1998/0358( COD ) ] ( Rapporteur : Mrs Jackson )
Mr President , in view of the vote on the Papayannakis report I should like to ask the Commission to convene a conciliation committee next week so that we sort this out before the 1 September deadline .
Please convey that to the Commissioner please , as she is not listening at the moment .
Schierhuber report ( A5-0124/2000 )
Madam President , we in Parliament are rightly particularly attentive to areas where ethnic tensions lead to conflict and attempts to overthrow democracy and the rule of law .
In both Fiji and the Solomon Islands democratic government and law and order have been undermined .
In Fiji the aim must be to restore the legitimate government elected on the basis of the 1997 multi-racial constitution , which was approved by both ethnic groups - Indo-Fijians and indigenous Fijians .
Violence against property and people must cease and the hostages released .
The interim civilian administration installed in Fiji does not meet the constitutional or democratic tests .
We therefore call on the Commission to begin with determination the procedures to suspend development cooperation with Fiji .
The beleaguered inhabitants of Fiji are looking to the European Union , which they see as the beacon of democracy and racial equality , to come to their aid .
We also warn the Solomon Islands that a suspension of aid may be needed there to restore democracy , peace and stability .
Madam President , I want to concentrate on the Solomon Islands , but first just a word on Fiji .
My ACP-EU Vice-President is one of those held hostage and I would ask you to send a letter of support to his family .
The ACP-EU delegation went to the Solomon Islands to study the ethnic tension .
It was quite clear after talks that a coup was imminent .
Why did it happen ?
When we arrived we found a complete vacuum .
There was no dialogue between the warring parties .
The parliament was not functioning .
There was no law and order , as those who were police by day were Malaitan militants by night and they opened their armouries to the Malaitans on the morning of the coup . 99.9 % of Guadalcanal is held by the IMF group and only Honiara City is held by the Malaitans .
This situation is unsustainable .
The ethnic conflict is all about the expulsion from Guadalcanal of 40 000 Malaitans back to their own island , to severe hardship , without any compensation .
As they did all the work , Guadalcanal is now at a standstill in both rural and urban areas .
The presence of Mrs Kinnock and myself did influence the situation for the better .
We created dialogue .
We had the 48-hour resignation demand on the prime minister withdrawn .
We advised them to recall Parliament and have a debate on the situation and this has now happened .
Amazingly the leader of the opposition is now the prime minister .
