the subject and state that they wanted to conclude the Doha Round by the end of 2010 .
How will the Commission ensure that the core negotiations are focused on development ?
Every request to mobilise this fund , however , leaves me even more baffled as to its fairness and effectiveness .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , this budget represents a response to the economic crisis , with its focus firmly on Europe 's citizens .
We also consider it very important that the current multiannual financial framework for 2007-2013 be revised and extended to the 2015-2016 financial years , as we proposed .
The question I put to you , quite frankly , is this : if there were no crisis , would this budget be very different from what it is ?
In view of such a damning assessment , how can this House approve such a budget ?
The difficulties cannot continue to be borne by the same people as ever : the unemployed , casual workers and pensioners , through cuts in their pensions .
Given the current state of the economy , it would have been useful if this important programme had been launched sooner , because people have been finding it difficult to access credit for a long time now .
In the current context of economic crisis and rising unemployment it is important to foster the growth of self-employment , as well as the creation and development of micro-enterprises .
I had already voted in favour of this facility in the Committee on Budgets in the context of the budgetary procedure for 2010 , through which two new budget lines were created , one for operational expenses in the sum of EUR 37.5 million and the other for administrative expenses in the sum of EUR 0.25 million .
Since social conditions in the various Member States are deteriorating , it is unacceptable for funds to be channelled away from the employment and social inclusion area towards other priorities that have been defined in the meantime , even if it is to the area of microfinance .
The President of the Commission , Dr Barroso , for example , said the following here in Strasbourg on 25 November , on the preparation of the European Council : ' Now the Lisbon Treaty gives us a new opportunity to move ahead .
There is also a practical consequence , which arises from the old saying that he who can do the greater can certainly do the lesser , and it concerns the following : what sense is there for a body that has competence in criminal matters and in preventing and combating terrorist attacks , through being involved in a codecision process , to be subsequently excluded a priori when other measures are at stake which , by affecting citizens ' rights , may even also be important in this context ?
The European institutions are always asking the citizens to trust them .
Society is itself a vast repository of knowledge that we will be wasting if we do not involve the citizens in the process of leadership and governance of the European Union .
The EU is a leader in this field , as shown by its ambitious proposal to cut emissions by 80 % and 95 % by 2050 .
It is a fact that it was during the Swedish Presidency that significant institutional changes were made , particularly the entry into force of the Lisbon Treaty , after that whole process of pressurising and blackmailing the Irish people into changing their vote in the second referendum they had to hold .
The Spanish Presidency to begin in 2010 will guide the transition from Nice to Lisbon and will continue the strategy of promoting employment by stimulating and promoting European economies , as well as addressing other major challenges such as financial regulation and climate change .
Such situations , which are happening at an alarming rate , require decision makers to think carefully about the European economic and social model as well as its sustainability and its future .
This case concerns the mobilisation of approximately EUR 16 million for Sweden , Austria and the Netherlands in order to provide assistance for workers made redundant in the car making and construction industries .
That is even more the case when we realise that an increasing number of companies is relocating , taking advantage of the reduced labour costs found in various countries , particularly China and India , often at the price of social , labour and environmental dumping .
That is why we voted against it .
It is vital for WTO members to continue to avoid adopting protectionist measures , which could have an extremely onerous impact on the world economy .
I recognise , however , that in the context of the current economic crisis , the rules and commitments adopted within the WTO have largely prevented its members from turning to restrictive trade measures and have led them to adopt economic recovery measures .
It refuses to accept that it is time to change priorities in international trade and to reject free trade on the grounds of the negative contribution it has made to the financial , economic , food and social crisis that people are now experiencing , with growing unemployment and poverty .
That will give us a fair trading system of service to everyone .
Transparency , whether in relation to the public or in interinstitutional terms , is a fundamental principle of the EU.
That move may be based on grounds of swiftness and unity in decision making .
There is no lack of examples .
At the very least , in some cases , as was raised in the question , it should be possible to have a dual legal basis when the rights of citizens are at stake and anti-terrorism policies are threatened