included .
They reduce the possibility of undertakings describing products as beneficial when they are not .
We said 'no ' to thrombin at an early stage .
We now have a chance to rectify this .
We largely agree with the priorities in the report .
In addition , we are opposed to the EU giving permanent market support to the milk and dairy products industry .
This is an indication of a very disturbing trend among opponents of abortion in Europe who are using the aid programme to make their views public .
The capacity of the European economy for growth will not be increased by ill-thought-out proposals , even if they have legitimate purposes .
The proposal reduces the administrative burden on small and medium-sized enterprises , but - and I think it is important to say this - it does this without reducing investor protection .
The proposal will , of course , mean that small and medium-sized enterprises will not need to produce a prospectus and it will therefore be easier for them to attract capital .
The threshold is being raised from EUR 2.5 million to EUR 5 million .
Overall , like my fellow Member from the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament , I would like to thank Dr Klinz for a truly excellent piece of work .
Well , we do not live in a perfect world and that is why we are having this debate .
I think and believe that it is not enough to make statements and to utter fine words about equality .
In women 's organisations , non-governmental organisations ( NGOs ) and civil society in general , there are skills , knowledge and experience that we should utilise when drawing up a comprehensive charter .
In this regard , I believe that it is not enough for us to go out and urge women to take part in the elections .
Mr President , in 150 years , the Baltic Sea has gone from an untouched , clear , oligotrophic Arctic sea to one in a constant state of crisis .
Similarly , the levels of environmental toxins and heavy metals are high , despite success in reducing the discharge of lead , mercury and DDT , for example .
That is the situation in many places around the Baltic Sea today .
The proposal that we have on the table today - which is referred to as BONUS for short - aims to change this .
Eighty five million people live around the Baltic Sea in countries whose economies are dependent on the sea in various ways .
BONUS builds instead on experience gained from the EU 's Framework Programmes for Research and Technological Development .
As a result of BONUS , the national research programmes and activities in the participating states will , for the first time , be integrated into a joint strategic programme with a clear focus .
The Baltic Sea is very much alive in the culture of all eight of our countries surrounding this inland sea : in their literature , music and art .
It is not easy to combine research funds from the European Union and from various Member States .
It will require a lot from the Member States and their governments , and I can assure you that it will require tough political decisions and strong political leadership , but we have to do this .
The Baltic Sea has been part of our common history and culture since the end of the Ice Age , past the time of the Vikings , past the trade during the Middle Ages , past the 'sea of freedom ' during the Cold War , and now it is a sea that our parents and children love and that we have a responsibility to manage .
Unfortunately , the opportunities for national regulations have been removed , but we believe that these will be reintroduced during negotiations with the Member States .
Another victory is the fact that the content of energy , fat , saturated fats , sugar , salt and sweeteners must be stated on the front of the product .
The improvements mean that consumers will be able to make more informed choices with regard to whether , for example , they want to choose healthier options or to reject products that have been transported long distances .
What we are a little sceptical about in the report is the proposal to introduce a European labelling system - an eco-labelling system - for fish .
The oil is now spreading along the beaches of the US.
We are incredibly vulnerable , and nobody lives on their own island in this world .
We must not lose sight of this because of the economic crisis .
We will not solve the economic crisis unless , at the same time , we can resolve the matters related to our environmental vulnerability .
It is these that react .
We can see the consequences there have been in many EU Member States , where free , unregulated market forces - in other words , the system adored by so many until very recently - have contributed to enormous problems .
It was very interesting listening to Mr Van Rompuy .
Mass unemployment continues to grow .
However , I have my doubts about the fixation on competitiveness that pervades the document .
An overall assessment of the 450 programmes falling under the Cohesion Fund , the European Social Fund and the most recent Globalisation Adjustment Fund from 2007 is required to see how these forms of support work from a social and gender-related perspective .
This report will affect a forthcoming Green Paper on an integrated transport policy .
If we compare this report with the Commission communication based on the Commission 's Green Paper entitled ' Modernising labour law' , improvements have been made in the course of the process