Thirdly , with regard to productive cattle and traditional systems for fattening animals , I suggest a transport limit of 30 hours , including eight hours rest , but no unloading at staging places .
As far as I am concerned , there is every reason to adapt legislation , particularly with regard to the transport of animals for slaughter .
Horses from Eastern Europe are taken to Italy and Greece .
We have to stand firm on our views , give a clear message and not give in at this stage , for otherwise , alas , the Council will make an even worse job of it .     Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , every year , millions of animals are hauled across Europe , quite often under dire circumstances .
There is no reasonable explanation for the fact that transport of slaughter animals is being restricted , while that of animals destined for fattening is not .
This morning , we already voted on two other reports – four , in fact – which were also discussed this morning .
Although it may be necessary to provide for exemptions in sparsely populated and remote areas , the transport of slaughter animals over long distances must be banned .
This opinion is held not only by those on the Right , but also , unfortunately , those on the Left , in southern Europe , where national public opinion is not yet geared towards priority to better animal welfare .
This position is partly reflected in Amendments Nos 64 and 81 .     .
Consequently , the theme of the 2004 elections will once again have to be the fight against the European Fraud Union .     Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , after Madrid , the threat of a clash between the Western and Islamic worlds is drawing nearer .
Only the right to self-determination can really provide a peaceful outcome .     Mr President , Commissioner , anyone who fails to recognise that the State of Israel has the duty to protect its citizens against terror loses their credibility .
Ever since the Palestinian leadership started the second , two and a half years ago , in order to achieve their goals by violent means , nearly one thousand Israeli men , women and children have been killed by poisoned minds with shrapnel grenades around their waists .
King Abdullah 's first reaction to a possible retreat of Israel from the Gaza was the fear that Palestinians would be looking for jobs in Jordan .
What the Middle East needs is a broad democratic initiative for dialogue and cooperation between all countries in it , and Europe possesses the appropriate instruments to bring one about .
The status of the United States as a good international negotiator has been dealt a few serious blows after Afghanistan and Iraq .
He is doing a great deal of damage to his country and gives international terrorists an excellent excuse for their actions .
In that respect , the Kosovars who are behind those attacks have done their people a huge disservice .
As a result , many people can no longer see a way out ; this situation also gives those who want to cause trouble and who have created the recent problems the opportunity to do so .
May I also state clearly that I am absolutely in favour of a multiethnic Kosovo .
They have either disappeared or they are still locked up in Serbian prisons on very vague charges .
Only an independent Kosova will bring true peace to the region .
Intelligent materials are being designed to provide information on the condition of food .
Finally , the Committee on Industry , External Trade , Research and Energy is calling for the barriers to the use of recycled materials to be eliminated .
We therefore wholeheartedly support the committee in its attempts to tackle the biggest sources of emissions .
Many people are not aware of the negative impact air-conditioning can have on the environment and our climate .
Perhaps we should go even further in order to limit the installation of air-conditioning in cars .
The wording of the proposal is also different from the wording of the Aarhus Convention , and this will naturally cause major interpretation problems .
Mr President , may I begin by thanking everyone who has contributed constructively to the creation of this compromise and the directive , which I hope , and I am almost sure , will be accepted .
As a liberal , I am , of course , particularly happy with this .
This is also evident from the conciliation procedure , because only four amendments to the Community point of view were adopted in Parliament .
The preventative effect of the directive has thus already proven its worth .
Perhaps there will be time for a quick beer after this debate .
In Belgium , for example , the state security service complains that it lacks the necessary means to monitor Muslim fundamentalism .
The Council will therefore need to issue the text ahead of time in May , which is quite feasible .
In these circumstances , we can withdraw Amendment No 3 and can also announce that Amendment No 2 will be replaced by Amendment No 4 .     – Mr President , Mr Baltas has made a very balanced recommendation to the Council with regard to Croatia 's application for accession to the EU.
It names quite categorically the main areas of persistent concern from the point of view of the EU , which are good neighbourliness , the refugee issue and cooperation with the International Yugoslavia Tribunal .
This request is given an added twist by a surprising result of a poll in Croatia this week .
That is why I am especially pleased that Minister Roche , present here