We would all certainly have been present at the opening ceremony of the Council of Europe’s Roma Forum at 12 noon today , but at the same time we were debating , and you were voting on , the very important report on Turkey , so , unfortunately , we could not get there .
Romania must fulfil the conditions imposed on it , just as the others did when they acceded to the Union .
We are not striving for perfection here : none of the present Member States of the Union is perfect .
Mr Basescu , winner of the Romanian presidential elections , promised the Romanians in his victory speech an unsullied administration and an independent civil service .
I wish to emphasise the importance of promoting human rights in the future .
Unfortunately , even the credibility of the present Member States suffers on this issue .
Finally , I wish to express my thanks to Commissioner Rehn , as he has promised to keep Parliament very well informed .
In my opinion , that is a very important point .
Mr President , I wish to join the President-in-office of the Council in thanking Mr Moscovici , and I would like to make one or two comments and reply to those questions that have been raised in this debate .
My view is that after last year’s major setback we shall now be proceeding gradually and steadily in terms of the enlargement of the European area of peace and democracy .
It is a pity he did not have time to hear my reply .
This safeguard clause may be adopted by qualified majority , which makes it credible , and it will encourage Romania to work and strive to achieve results .
Several speakers have also quite rightly given attention to the challenges that lie ahead for Romania , including improving the environment and the status of minorities as well as promoting the fight against corruption and crime .
It is then that we shall evaluate the progress that has been made over the months to come .
One can only agree with this .
In conclusion , I wish to thank the rapporteur , Mr Moscovici .
The Commission , for its part , will give all the support it can to ensure that Romania strengthens its efforts so as to pre-empt the use of the safeguard clauses referred to just now .     Mr President , I am in favour of rejecting the Constitution , as is all my group .
At the same time I would like to remind everyone that the European Parliament does not have competence in this matter .
One reason why the Constitution should be rejected is that it means the militarisation of the European Union .
Governments of the Member States are behaving as if the Constitution were already in force .
We in the Convention did not adopt a ruling for the Constitution stating that operations outside the EU’s borders must always be lawful – in other words , that they must always have a mandate from the United Nations .
It has taken over 20 years to construct this Constitution but we are getting close .
I will vote for this report and for the Constitution for three simple reasons .
I have been a civil servant for ten years and I have been involved in negotiating three intergovernmental conferences , including the Amsterdam Treaty , the Nice Treaty and this one .
Secondly , this Constitution is a good thing .
Thirdly , I will vote for this report because it is very good .
If I were to bring up just one thing from the Treaty , it would be on external relations .
Just reflecting on what happened in Asia , we had had a president , a foreign minister , a common security policy , a defence system , a better crisis management system , then together we would have got much further .
That is most certainly what I will do .     Mr President , despite all the differences of opinion which the debate surrounding this issue has produced , we are once again making European history .
It is unfortunate that in some countries the debate on the Treaty has been taken out of context and used to fuel an internal and party political row .
The Treaty will still allow the economy to play the role best suited to it in cooperation within the continent .
I am also proud that in my own country , Finland , we have been able to agree that Parliament can decide on the ratification of the Treaty at national level .     Mr President , I voted to adopt the Constitution , but at the same time I wish to express my unhappiness that our Christian heritage is hardly mentioned .
In the debate on the subject there has been a general misunderstanding of the nature of the mention it gets .
God does not need the protection afforded by the articles in the Constitution – it is not a question of that – but human beings do .
The type of humanism we know today owes much to the Christian image of humanity that emphasises the value of the individual .
We opposed the report by Richard Corbett and Íñigo Méndez de Vigo because we do not support the adoption of the European Constitution .
A new treaty should be negotiated for the European Union , which should serve as a basis for its development as a federation of independent states .     Mr President , natural disasters cannot be prevented , but the political dimension of such an issue can be found in international cooperation in the development of emergency and early-warning systems .
By investing in these we might be able to minimise the number of human casualties .
In any case , the