It is equally incomprehensible , in my opinion , that there is still a complete absence of references to any gender-specific reactions in instruction leaflets for medicines .
I do hope , however , that the Commission will not merely pay lip service to this , but that this initiative will , in future , lead to more action to rectify this situation .
I find it particularly infuriating that the report now includes demands for shorter working hours and higher pay for healthcare professionals : in paragraph 54 , for example .
The Commission is not entirely innocent of this .
Thirdly , can the Commission confirm that its own financial contribution to the Karlsruhe European School has been halved over the past five years thanks to these Category I I agreements ?
They complain of overcrowding in the European Schools .
Countries such as Norway , with its reserves of crude oil and natural gas , and Iceland , with its renewable geothermal energy , are examples for us to follow in this respect and present us with an immense opportunity to develop common strategies for energy policy in this area ; I believe that the current state of energy prices – for both oil and gas – means that this will be one of the most important issues in the future .
We hope that the Commission will go into the matters it has highlighted in greater depth , and that greater emphasis will be placed on international solidarity as a means of promoting peace .     .
Tourism is the fastest-growing area of the economy and is already providing millions of people with jobs .
We must prevent the merger of civilian and military structures advocated by such spokespersons on EU military policy as Javier Solana , the EU’s representative for foreign and security policy , and the Green MEP Angelika Beer , for this would result not only in the militarisation of civilian structures , but would also expose civilian aid workers to the very considerable risk of being regarded as part of the armed forces and thus – as has happened in Afghanistan – as another party to the conflict .
We should , however , be concerned about the fact that it is between the ages of 35 and 55 that breast cancer most frequently proves fatal , and so we must do more to promote awareness of the dangers among this age group and adapt the screening programmes accordingly .     .
It follows that we should promote localised production in small and medium-sized businesses , along with those small businessmen who really are familiar with the needs and aspirations of local people , and , above all , we should also focus our attention on the services they use , such as the water supply , which has already been mentioned today .
Mr President , while I congratulate Mr Meijer on his excellent and very precise speech , I have to say that I was amazed to hear what some Members said earlier on .
While we ought to support it in its desire to draw closer to the European Union , we cannot do so unless it upholds fundamental human rights and moves towards pluralism and democracy .
There is no doubt , Vice-President Wallström , that this is in part a public relations matter , and , as such , one of your responsibilities , but it is in essence about the legislative work that we do , and so let me say on behalf of our group that the Commission ’s approach – that we make fewer laws – is , in principle , the right one .
Mr President , many thanks for what you said about the general direction of our work over the coming year .
Nor can I see it as acceptable that a President of the Commission , should , in a press conference on the occasion of his return from holiday – which must have been a long one , for I have heard nothing from him for a long time – say that there was no point in concentrating on the Constitution , which was going to be a long time coming anyway , and that now was the time for us to focus on something else : that from someone whose task it is to contend for this same Constitution !
Above all , though , we revere the memory of the victims of these totalitarian regimes , remembering those who were oppressed , arrested , shot dead during protest strikes , condemned and executed after show trials .
I would point out that this needs also to be transposed by the national parliaments and incorporated into supervisory practice .
I am optimistic , not only as regards the date for the sunset clause , but also as regards the recitals , about our chances of achieving a good compromise this week and that we will succeed in our aim of getting this adopted at first reading .
Modern banks both manage private households ’ assets and keep their accounts , while also being their advisers and agents on the financial markets .
In the ensuing troika discussions , the Council accepted many of Parliament’s amendments , and we managed to extract several concessions and compromises from it , with the effect that the technical substance of Basel II can be regarded as balanced .
I do think , though , that Amendment 140 , which is an attempt to introduce more transparency by calling on the credit institutions to provide the SMEs and other firms that have applied for loans with written clarification of how they arrived at their rating decisions , will be essential if the market is not to be even more distorted .
Commissioner Kovács ’ homework is , in my view , to give some thought to