involved in campaigning for the rich Member States to be required to pay for the project , and that also applies to my own country .
Saying that it must not cost anything is tantamount to not wishing wholeheartedly to get this mammoth project under way .
Mr President , I should like to warn against our treating the new candidate countries as second-class applicants .
On 25 February , I submitted a proposal to the effect that the candidate countries should themselves be able to elect two representatives to the Bureau .
The Bureau has held its first meetings without the new countries being represented .
This weekend , the prime ministers are meeting in Barcelona .
The large countries are attacking the equal rights enshrined in the rotating presidencies .
There is the risk of a situation in which the EU is run on an intergovernmental basis by representatives of large countries who , in that way , act together supranationally in relation to the smaller countries .
It is a variant which the EU 's critics should not be alone in criticising .
The Commission 's proposal on agriculture also operates with two classes of Member State .
Signalling different treatment is wrong and deeply damaging .
I wish once again to call upon the Commission to publish the so-called screening reports concerning how far the candidate countries have got with introducing our legislation .
In this case , it is everyone who is being discriminated against .
Mr Solana 's new discussion paper should have been submitted directly to ourselves , as I requested .
Instead , I now hear about it through leaks .
Let us put an end to this secretiveness and take the Commission to the Court of Justice if it does not hand over the screening reports .
Mr President , I too wish to thank the Council and the Commission for their work , and I hope that , despite the political hurdles which will no doubt appear , the negotiations in Copenhagen will nonetheless be successfully concluded .
There is no doubt - and the Commissioners have also assured us of this - that the Community acquis must be implemented .
I must therefore ask whether , in the Commission 's and the Council 's work , there is anything at all that ensures that there are opportunities for strengthening the position of women in the countries concerned .
I would therefore ask the Commission and the Council to answer the question of whether special initiatives are being taken with regard to women in the countries concerned .
Mr President , this debate contains one overall message , namely that membership of the European Union constitutes something along the lines of maximum political good fortune for the Member States and for the EU as a whole .
Wishful thinking is an obstacle to anything approaching sober realism .
A number of problems have been mentioned , but these are not the crucial ones .
There are the politically inflammatory problems with the Bene ?
Then there are the set of problems concerning the budget and the fear that the candidate countries will be treated as second class Member States .
The crucial problems arise from the fact that the process in relation to the candidate countries from Eastern Europe entails a huge transformation .
Moreover , these legal problems , which may be difficult enough , of course conceal the democratic problems .
There is no information in the existing reports concerning this huge problem .
The moment of truth is approaching .
Mr President , this is a procedural motion .
Yesterday , when we debated this issue , I asked the President whether we might hold the debate in another way and perhaps obtain a more lively debate by my talking for four minutes and subsequently rounding off the debate with a further minute of my speaking time .
The President was very obliging and said that we were perfectly entitled to do that , and the whole matter passed off splendidly .
When I asked the Sittings Directorate whether this could be done , they in fact said that the debate could not be conducted in this way .
It gives rise to livelier debates , and there is nothing in the Rules of Procedure to prevent this approach from being used .
Mr President , I agree with the Commission 's and the Council 's interpretation of the Treaties .
Moreover , I have also in the past put forward the view that the actual legal basis was not perhaps the most important thing right now , for what is at issue is guaranteeing the rights of these people .
It will require a change to the Treaties , and I am ashamed to say that , during the negotiations in connection with the Nice Treaty , my own country resisted our obtaining influence over these matters because of the Danish reservation .
We must all pull together .
Mr President , I want primarily to concern myself with the proposal concerning the supplementary supervision of the financial conglomerates with which I had a lot to do in my job as shadow rapporteur of the Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party .
Next , I should like to thank Mr Radwan and Mrs Villiers , with whom I have had very close contact during our work with a view to tomorrow 's vote .
With the active participation of the Commission , we in the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs have , where far and away the majority of points are concerned , found common solutions to the problems raised in different quarters .
We want to avoid scandals along the lines of Enron .
What is most important , therefore , is to secure effective supervision to prevent financial conglomerates from using the same capital to consolidate their positions in several different places .
