On the subject of immigration and asylum policies , the Council text then adds that 'particular priority needs to be attached to combating illegal immigration ' .
Everyone is well aware of the exorbitant cost in terms of consistency of an overly flexible Europe .
This is a welcome step in the right direction of improved European cooperation aimed at stamping out this disturbing trade .
We are therefore overwhelmed with contradictions .
Some of them , particularly those in Macedonia , are being forced to board planes for unknown destinations .
With the Kosovo crisis raging a new urgency is given to the two Council proposals to deal with the situation of refugees .
It may therefore act as an incentive to optimise energy consumption by increasing energy efficiency and by reducing the emission of pollutants into the air and the overall generation of waste .
You would almost think that this was of no importance .
However , it has a credibility problem with the people .
However , cooperation must also especially be encouraged with those who are victims of drugs and with their families .
In view of the problems which may arise when , on the basis of an open or restricted invitation to tender , the Commission chooses the body responsible for implementing the promotional measures , it would be safer and more transparent for the organisation proposing the programmes and measures to be responsible for implementing these and for choosing the necessary service providers .
For effective control , the reference period should not exceed one month for day work and one week for night work .
Working time could be reduced by taking the average weekly working time , calculated over the year , and prohibiting anything over 48 hours per week .
However , in order to improve the directive , even though we condemn the principle behind this exception , I would ask you to support Mrs Moreau 's proposals .
This House has a duty which it has fulfilled more than ever in recent months .
The development in the right direction of the internal situation of certain countries is , in my opinion , more important than the excellence of a situation at a given moment .
As Mr Florenz said , the directive on hazardous waste has not yet actually been transposed into the legislation of all the Member States , and in amending it , by merging it to some extent , we would ensure more confusion rather than simplification .
We have complete respect for the political line he is proposing with regard to both co-incineration and linking the two directives .
Madam President , the French Socialists are completely in favour of making standards more stringent and , in particular , of substantially improving the standards provided for in both directives to combat dioxin levels .
We feel that there are still too many uncertainties and that we must continue to carry out studies in this area .
These would include increasing awareness of the instrument and good practices , exchanging information and experience , and producing a summary report .
I am more modest than she was , since I am suggesting a sum of ECU 850 million over five years , which is a little less than what she wanted for each year , but a little more than what the Council had granted the programme .
As regards the three amendments on strengthening the follow-up of the programme , two were accepted , guaranteeing the programme 's continual assessment , the drawing-up of a Commission report during the final year of the programme , along with actions being planned for the future .
It followed on from the first political crisis in the European Union with the Commission 's resignation .
I am thinking here , in particular , of the political role that Russia could , and should , play .
Since I chaired our negotiating delegation with the Council on the Structural Funds , I should like to speak on that specific point this morning .
My feelings are slightly more mixed .
This will become apparent when the details of how this works in practice come to light .
Moreover , to the best of our knowledge , Mrs Cresson 's shoes did not cost EUR 2 000 .
Exclamations from various quarters There was also financial arbitration in Berlin .
Mr Schröder , you are too well briefed not to know that we will be forced to create a European tax ...
I feel that this would have contributed to more balanced , more equitable agriculture where we provide greater assistance to those in greatest need .
We have committed our troops .
You chose rigour and we understand why , even though such rigour may sometimes be deceptive .
The Commission has resigned and we have given a political judgement on the issue , at all levels .
When Mr Martens said yesterday that the resignation of Edith Cresson alone would have solved the crisis , I think he was evidently campaigning .
We are by no means as satisfied with regard to regional policy .
Only three countries are excluded from this : Luxembourg , Finland ... and France .
How can we fail to see that it is contradictory to set high environmental , health or animal welfare standards , while at the same time regularly reducing the principle of Community preference ?
Since the start of the discussion on the Commission proposal on serious diseases , that is to say about a year ago , Parliament has stood firm in its position .
The European Parliament will ensure that it is respected .
It is obvious that with this aim of extending the scope of these measures , we cannot accept the derogations proposed by the Commission for companies that pursue political , ideological or religious aims .
Without this , the very idea of Europe will