legislative framework in the form of revisions to this effect .
In this context , the establishment of a new TRT channel broadcasting in the Kurdish language is a step forward .
It shows a change of mentality and I want to encourage the Turkish authorities to take further steps in this direction .
That is an essential part of the process of democratisation of Turkey .
I think Parliament 's approach - like , I trust , the Commission 's approach - can be described as fair and firm in relation to Turkey and its EU accession process .
At the same time , we have to be firm by applying rigorous conditionality , especially as regards fundamental freedoms and democratic principles .
The current state of affairs is pretty much a mixed picture , as Joost Lagendijk , the chair of the European Parliament Delegation to the EU-Turkey Joint Parliamentary Committee , described it .
Sometimes it feels like two steps forward and one step backward , but better that way than vice versa .
In view of the investigation so far , it seems that it was essential that this network behind potential political or other attacks against democracy in Turkey was revealed and will continue to be revealed in the spirit of the rule of law and democratic secularism .
We are following this very closely and we shall certainly report on this in our forthcoming progress report in the coming autumn .
Second , freedom of expression , which Graf Lambsdorff referred to , is the bedrock of democracy .
Yes , there has been positive progress concerning the consequences of the reform of the infamous Article 301 some one or two years ago .
On the other hand , relative progress concerning Article 301 does not justify attacks on media freedom elsewhere , as has been referred to in several statements this evening .
So , the pace of negotiations with Turkey will essentially depend on the progress and intensity of the reforms enhancing fundamental freedoms and the rule of law in the country , in all walks of life and all corners of the country .
These are enshrined in the Treaty on European Union and in our common European values .
Asbestos was first used as a material that had excellent technical properties , and then , later on , it was noticed that it killed people .
The purpose of the resolution before us is not to quash the comitology decision to which it refers .
I think its most important points are paragraphs 8 and 9 , which relate to the idea that the Commission should table a legislative proposal sometime this year concerning how asbestos , asbestos fibres , and equipment and structures containing them should be completely destroyed .
These structures that contain asbestos need to be identified and demolished , and asbestos must be destroyed safely and in such a way that people will not be exposed to it again .
For that reason , we need to learn a lesson from our experience and act in accordance with the precautionary principle , for example , when we adopt basic legislative instruments regarding nanomaterials .
It is the custom at international conferences to speak trivia , but now we need action , and fast .
The global economy is in need of complete renovation and the keyword is transparency .
We have to try and do away with the risk economy and move towards the real economy .
In future , the taxpayer should not be made to pay for the damage .
On Monday this week , it was a questionable honour to work on what is a sort of anniversary : exactly a year before , the investment bank Lehman Brothers had collapsed .
I see something crucial emerging from the crisis , and that is an opportunity to overhaul thoroughly the international financial architecture .
The United States of America very recently announced a huge financial legislative package .
The European Commission is expected to make a proposal for building the European financial architecture and its supervision next week .
We have to establish internationally binding rules on the reform of the International Monetary Fund , regulations on solvency , and new rules on the payment of options .
The final conclusions published by the commission that President Sarkozy recently appointed recommend a switch from measuring prosperity based on GDP to new methods which take account especially of a society 's ability in economic terms to safeguard its citizens ' well-being and environmental sustainability .
The region 's problems can best be solved through cooperation between its peoples , countries , organisations and businesses .
This is an important issue , and it is rather odd that in 2009 , we should be having to speak about the existence of a trade in humans in the Baltic Sea region .
We now need a Baltic Sea action plan to end this .
I hope that Sweden will acquire something more tangible in its efforts to protect its marine environment , mainly in the areas of agriculture and shipping .
Nitrogen and phosphorus take oxygen from the seabed and feed poisonous algae at the surface .
Virtually the only precise measure is to prohibit the use of phosphates in detergents .
It is fitting that the Baltic Sea Strategy that we have been preparing for so long is being dealt with now : there is no time to lose .
The central aim of the Baltic Sea Strategy and the Action Programme to improve the region 's environment and competitiveness must be taken seriously in terms of the funding allocated to it and the measures implemented .
We hope in particular that the strategy will expedite the clean up of the Baltic Sea , which is suffering from eutrophication , and help find common solutions to cross border challenges .
