relatively young pensioners , who are under 55 years of age , and of course it has to be said that this has reached its limit .
In this respect , the guidelines we are proposing also contain policies and specific targets for training , for investing in these people so that they can make a career change , for supporting them so that they can break into the field of small and medium-sized enterprises and set up their own businesses ; policies which will keep them active .
We must say that , at the moment , the numbers in Europe are very , very small . 2.4 % of labour costs is being invested in workers in the private sector ; there are guidelines and specific targets for the education system and there is the target of 80 % of the population to have undergone training equivalent to secondary education by 2010 , so that they can stay in the job market and so that they are employable .
This is an environmental , purely an environmental issue .
Perhaps Parliament 's services made a mistake .
I wanted to ask you specifically , given that the humanitarian crisis we have been witnessing for the past three weeks has shocked all of us , if you have initiated any dialogue with those involved , mainly the United Kingdom , which is also a Member State of the European Union and , secondly , what explanations have you received from non-governmental organisations .
When do you believe that there will again be a network for providing food , given that the old network is obviously breaking up ?
As chairman of Parliament 's Committee on Women 's Rights and Equal Opportunities , I think this initiative on family reunification is important , because it will be especially helpful to the women and children who are often not in a position to follow their husbands in their attempt to emigrate to the countries of the European Union in search of a better fate for themselves and their families .
It was when I asked why the women were not taking part in the assembly that I realised for the first time the extent of the problem .
Finally , I must stress that family reunification does not just form part of efforts to achieve a cohesive immigration policy ; it is also a means of strengthening the Community 's own social policy .
And yet , the result is increasingly intense confusion of public opinion , with all that implies , by which I mean a warped or distorted image of reality , an uncritical rejection or acceptance of facts , information , advice , perceptions and opinions and , hence , the opportunity for leading people by the hand .
Special attention must be paid to issues such as political legitimacy , democratic control and transparency in decision making .
In addition , information must be clear and documented .
Top priority issues , such as enlargement , the links between European policies and daily life and the problems of European citizens , especially following the accession of new countries to the European Union , which is expected to bring about considerable changes in European agricultural , budgetary and financial policy , need to be the subject of full , substantiated information .
Proper , objective information for citizens is a necessity .
Despite the present use of the word 'agora' to mean market , the Ancient Agora in Athens has its place in history for another reason .
Their accession marks the end of the artificial division of our continent .
It offered a framework and prospects for a unified Europe .
At the beginning of accession negotiations , the Union made it perfectly clear that accession implied complete acceptance of the actual and potential rights and obligations connected with the Union and its institutional framework , including in the foreign relations sector , and that accession implied proper , practical application of the acquis communautaire , including the establishment of a reliable working public administration .
I should like to take this opportunity to offer my special thanks to Mr Verheugen , the Commissioner responsible for the negotiations who is present here today , for his huge contribution to the success of this entire process .
As we pointed out in 1993 , the Union must be able to absorb new members without allowing European unification to lose momentum .
I should also like to offer my sincere thanks to the European Parliament for the political support it has given us throughout this process .
Today , all the citizens in the acceding countries are looking towards us .
Nonetheless , there are many reasons which justify this optimism .
The European Union has developed a Community standard which , despite its diversity , acts as a shield against uncertainty and falling confidence .
The European Union has a unique development model which combines the economic element with a broader spectrum of social elements covering employment , social integration and a whole series of other issues .
Finally , on a series of issues such as trade , investment flows , the transfer of technology and the movement of workers , enlargement is bringing about new operating conditions for the Union and hence creating new opportunities for the European approach and the European model within the global framework .
Solidarity , of course , means more than negotiating financing under the Structural Funds or protecting the common agricultural policy and other individual questions .
We need to convince the citizens of the European Union and of countries outside the European Union that we stand for the values of peace , stability , confidence and support for growth and we must make a systematic and sincere effort to repair our relations with all our basic partners