We will monitor the future of this network because we believe that its operations must be kept strictly within the bounds of the aforementioned objectives and within the framework of the participation scheme on the part of the Member States set out in the proposal , through the responsible national authorities .
Assistance for victims and their families must also be a priority for every country , making it essential to ensure that all the airlines established in each country have assistance plans .
Naturally , this situation makes European measures necessary in order to ensure the existence of sufficient infrastructure with the capacity to prevent and resolve unexpected gas supply problems .
Moreover , it should not be forgotten that there is natural gas of non-fossil origin : biomethane , produced from waste .
Public safety must not be abandoned to the market or to struggles to control resources .
I am aware of the reservations that those on the left in this House have about this agreement , but I believe that they are confusing illegal immigration with the right to asylum and good personal sentiments with good public policy .
Secondly , this agreement is another flagrant example of the hypocrisy that dominates the decisions of the EU , which wants to wash its hands of its responsibilities in the worsening situation both of the Afghan people since the US invasion and under NATO 's continuing war of occupation , and of the Pakistani people in the war that has now been extended to Pakistan .
Furthermore , this readmission agreement does not include guarantees or monitoring mechanisms ; it is full of legal loopholes and ambiguities ; and it does not adequately respect the protection of personal data .
I voted against this report because the EU-Pakistan readmission agreement will make it possible to send people to a country that has not signed the 1951 Geneva Convention , that does not respect human rights , and whose internal situation does not offer returning people the necessary security .
I voted for the report on trade and economic relations with Turkey .
As I have already had occasion to say , regardless of how relations between the EU and Turkey look in the future , I hope that they will converge and follow the route of dialogue and effective cooperation , and that Turkey continues the journey it has started towards freedom and democracy along Western lines .
The CU created in 1996 does not cover agricultural products and areas such as public procurement .
The pressure put on Turkey to respect the established agreements is , however , positive .
We are opposed to this new postponement strategy .
We cannot support a report whose structure is incompatible with our vision , despite some improvements arising from the amendments tabled by the left , particularly on the socio-economic situation , on unemployment among young people and women , and on trade union rights , as well as the positive reference to Turkey 's obligations regarding the additional protocol to the association agreement .
We are opposed to this new postponement strategy .
I also believe that it is important for the development of environmental infrastructure to demonstrate potential for job creation .
The United Nations has declared 2010 the International Year of Biodiversity .
This loss of biodiversity is unacceptable , not only from an ethical point of view , but also from an ecological and economic standpoint , since we are depriving future generations of the opportunity to benefit from a healthy biodiversity .
This is an unacceptable commercialisation of nature .
That is why I voted as I did .
Thus , the EU is carrying out its duties by legislating to conserve biodiversity .
I cannot fail to mention the essential role of fishing in a country such as Portugal , which is why I advocate that the common fisheries policy must facilitate the observance of legislation that is applicable to biodiversity and aimed at the sustainability of the sector .
I also welcome acknowledgement of the natural characteristics and constraints of regions that are isolated , more sparsely populated or undergoing a process of depopulation , mountainous and which are located along borders , as well as the peripheral and outermost regions .
While the responsibility for protecting their populations and preventing disasters is primarily that of the Member States , these are phenomena that do not respect national borders and are transnational in scale in the majority of cases .
I also think it is important to assess the Solidarity Fund and review how it is mobilised , so that it can be more flexible and adaptable to the characteristics and differences among the regions for which it is intended .
The solution covers prevention and support for the most vulnerable regions .
The adoption of this report is of particular importance in a year in which several European countries were beset by disasters that had profound impacts on their populations , territories , economies and environments .
The scale of these disasters is reflected in the increasingly frequent occurrence of extreme climatic phenomena , not to mention human error in balanced regional planning .
Increasingly , the argument is being made that intensive soil use , unchecked industrial and urban growth , rural flight , desertification and the intensification of the occurrence of extreme climate phenomena , among other things , have been responsible for making the Member States more vulnerable to disasters , both natural and man-made .
Nevertheless , it is also important to reinforce the European Union 's capacity for specific responses , namely by committing to using instruments to prevent and combat disasters at European level that are linked to those of the Member States , as well as to local and community strategies .
Nevertheless , it is also important to reinforce the European Union 's capacity for specific responses , namely by