I would point out , incidentally , that it is the responsibility of the European Parliament to lay down the Statute , after indeed receiving the approval of the Council .
In so doing , he provides practical advice both to the Palestinian Civil Police and to those in charge of police matters within the Palestinian Authority .
We will have to work in close collaboration with Mr  Wolfensohn’s Office , and we will have to examine whether the European Office offers the appropriate framework to enable this cooperation to actually materialise and to be as effective as possible .     .
Yet , above all , do not leave it to your successors to resolve the difficulties .
The same applies , however , to our future .
The solution , Mr Mandelson , is to invent a new customs technology .
In fact , it is about making China understand that its membership of the WTO entails both rights and duties .     China ’s economic dynamism and its consequences for the European economy has highlighted how powerless the European institutions are to defend fragile industrial sectors such as the textiles industry .
We think all this is extremely worrying for the future .     Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , thank you for giving me the floor .
What may work for the drought in Spain is at a loss to account for the complexity of the most crucial chapter of our European history .
It also makes scarcely any effort to open up to European exports those markets that are closed to them due to exorbitant customs tariffs or regulatory barriers .
A promise is even made to them to ‘define the soul’ of this new Europe - an odd term , ‘soul’ , when you have rejected any Christian references in your draft Constitution .
In the name of Europe , is nothing sacred ?
Let me explain why .
This time lag which the author neglected to mention in the text of the motion which explains why some Members signed the motion without proper knowledge of the facts is clear evidence of deliberate sophistry on the part of the author .
So it is not a personal issue , but it is a serious institutional issue , because this type of attack reflects a populist undercurrent which resorts to manipulation by oversimplifying important and complex matters , an undercurrent opposed to the Europe we are engaged in building .
Let me reemphasise our openness to dialogue with this Assembly .
It is part and parcel of a government’s contract with the electorate .
There remains one substantive and serious question to be answered , and for all those who are committed , as I am , and as all the members of my Commission are , to the principle of transparency , I should like to spell out our position precisely .
Under the Treaties , Parliament is the depositary of the will of the peoples of Europe ; it is the only directly elected institution and the legitimate representative of the citizenry of the Member States .
Furthermore , the timetable for the Commission ’s legislative and work programme has been streamlined , and the process leading to the Commission ’s legislative and work programme has become more political .
We have made provision for the Commission to keep Members of Parliament systematically informed on the conduct of negotiations on multilateral agreements .
On this matter , as you know , we have a problem with the timing and I am counting on your cooperation and support so that this Parliament can be in a position to adopt its contribution to these broad guidelines under favourable conditions .     .
These discussions show that the subject of global warming and the Kyoto Protocol , and particularly what will follow the Kyoto Protocol , is vitally important and we must therefore pursue this line of dialogue with the Russians .
In this important space , we need to develop a number of initiatives .
We have listened to what you have just said , Commissioner , but we would restate that we absolutely insist on this procedure .
The two action programmes will make it possible to provide effective support to the NGOs working in the field of equality between men and women .
Because what do we find ?
I will return to my example : high in omega3s .
There are no simple answers to the complex economic , social and environmental challenges of the present day .
To be competitive , an entity needs to enjoy better productivity than its rivals .
Of the 1.3 million researchers in the United States , 80 % work for the private sector , compared with only 48 % of Europe’s one million researchers .
The first concerns methodology .
The broad guidelines are a support instrument for the overall strategy , but they will serve no useful purpose if they are not bolstered by a reform of the Stability and Growth Pact which grasps the nettle as well as by a Financial Perspective that serves to finance solidarity for the benefit of everyone .     .
The Commission has made good the intention I have had since the start of our terms of office , namely to establish constructive collusion and sustainable strategic partnership with the European Parliament .
This means the directive does not demand customer due diligence if the relevant financial transactions offer only a minimal risk of money laundering .
Wine is a food , a tonic ; it soothes the nerves , aids digestion , is anti-allergenic and can act as an effective preventive against vascular diseases , cancer and dementia .
I share the disappointment expressed by the rapporteur at the seeming reversal in Russia 's democratisation and its disregard for some of the principles of the OSCE and Council of Europe documents .    