of life , but also to the hundreds of thousands of patients in Europe who are placing all their hopes for a cure on research – diabetics and sufferers from Parkinson’s , Alzheimer’s and many other diseases .
But it did not happen .
Today there are only two more states with nuclear weapon programmes than there were in 1970 ...     – Parliament has just passed a resolution calling for the withdrawal of Syrian troops from Lebanon .
We believe that the planned text was sufficiently clear to avoid severing links .
On average , a young European researcher working in the USA has a research grant 2.5 times higher than in Europe .
The European Union has managed to eradicate capital punishment from its territory .
Next there are Chea Po and Sam Rainsy himself , who have both fled Cambodia in order to be able to speak out more effectively on the situation in that country .
Finally , let us force the Cambodian Government to do what is the duty of every democratically elected government , namely to respect and support democrats .     – Mr President , it is impossible to avoid feeling a mixture of both encouragement and regret following the first local elections in Saudi Arabia .
Sometimes , actions speak louder than words .
The absence of clear objectives and priorities leads us to dissipate our energies as much as the lack of any obvious link with other Community policies which do , however , complement the policies associated with the area of freedom , security and justice .
Indeed , if a discussion on economic immigration is absolutely necessary to European immigration policy , we are not prepared to shop around in third countries .
By reinforcing judicial and police cooperation , by extending codecision and qualified majority voting – an absolute necessity in a democratic Europe of 25 Member States – and by laying the foundations of a genuinely common asylum and immigration policy , Europe will contribute genuine added value to our citizens where security , justice and freedom are concerned .
The Council has , in particular , adopted nine regulations , seven directives and more than thirty decisions or framework decisions .
Those with Albania and Sri Lanka have been finalised .
This review took place in December 2004 , and another will be carried out in June of this year .
In this context , we have taken several cooperation measures enabling us to put security measures in place , for example for the European Football Championship which took place in Portugal last year .
Yes , we are convinced that this document is useful , given the experience we have acquired as ministers for justice or home affairs .
We have begun examining the proposal for a regulation to introduce a European payment order procedure .
This is particularly important to us , and I therefore refute the allegation that Parliament needs to curb our ambition to create more security because it would be achieved at the expense of freedom .
We are simply trying to fight crime more effectively by establishing in a legal instrument , which we are currently discussing and which may be amended , the principle that what can be done nationally can also be done on a European scale , subject to the same conditions .
I believe that the external dimension of the common justice and home affairs policy is extremely important in the context of both the immigration component and the anti-crime component .
They will be even more clearly established as soon as we have the action plan that makes it possible to transpose the Hague programme .
It is therefore imperative to establish common rules which guarantee the assistance of a lawyer and the right to interpretation services as well as protection , particularly of the most vulnerable .
It is an absolutely indispensable step in the direction of greater mutual trust between Member States and towards the principle of mutual recognition of judicial decisions .
We should be helped in this respect by the European Constitution , which I sincerely hope will be ratified .
In an area where Europe is sometimes criticised for its lack of action in the social field , we must make every effort to resolve an issue of such deep concern to workers in the road transport industries .
Lastly , there is the need to update the rules in the light of developments in the road transport sector .
It has tried to develop a comprehensive verification system covering all Community social legislation in the field of road transport , including the verification of compliance with the rules governing working hours .
You see , ever since I took up my present office , it has been my constant concern to ensure that our decisions can be effectively enforced , and it is for this reason that , while acknowledging the benefits of progressive stringency , we prefer to be certain that we shall at least achieve our goal .
Our discussion has focused in particular on two subjects : vehicles weighing less than 3.5 tonnes .
A card security system has been set up by the Commission ’s Joint Research Centre .
It is therefore necessary to increase funding to the short sea shipping industry .
By linking ports forming part of trans-European transport networks , they will be able to bypass land bottlenecks and improve cohesion .
As you know , the devil is in the detail and , if the European Parliament is going to be effective in its supervisory role , it will in future need to benefit from increased levels of in-house expertise , in particular so that the independence and impartiality of its Members can be guaranteed .
Secondly , our meetings with managers within the sector have convinced us of the urgent need to set up clear , effective , adequate funding mechanisms for the actions that need to be taken