than several different national ones .
Since 1945 , growth in Europe , when it was strong , was always based on a variety of currencies .
Why not ?
The single currency implies a single tax system , otherwise monetary devaluations will give way to tax devaluations .
I am not sure , Commissioner , that legal security is sufficiently catered for by changing the name of the single currency , by the instrument of a regulation based on Article 235 and the technique of interpreting the Treaty .
What we expect from you today is not solutions but a commitment to particular methods , and a timetable .
Not only that , but these criteria threaten to exclude too many countries , especially all the southern States of our Union .
In the same spirit , incidentally , the Commission waited until the conclusions of Parliament 's efforts were already well known before presenting a first working document on the Fifth Framework Programme , which it did last week .
In the course of its future work on the Fifth Framework Programme , the Commission will ensure that these suggestions - and a number of others that are equally stimulating - are given due consideration .
The preparation of the Fifth Framework Programme will occupy us intensively throughout 1997 .
That is the context in which European monetary union is envisaged .
I ask you to follow the Rules of Procedure , meaning that we should simply vote , without spending hours voting on phraseology about which the Groups cannot agree .
Not from the European nations which , even though they did approve Maastricht , are now voicing doubts about the continuation of the process .
The second kind of manipulation is the attempt to change the name of the single currency from ECU to euro - which is legally equivalent to amending the Treaty - once again through the device of Article 235 .
In a word , are the inhabitants of these countries a single people ?
In the present case , ideas which are still inappropriate are those concerning the political and institutional additions which would be necessary for the functioning of monetary union but were not clearly envisaged in the Maastricht Treaty ; ideas which no one dares mention too openly for fear of compromising the process : a more extensive Community budget ; European coordination of all economic policies ; more severe multilateral monitoring ; strengthening the democratic accountability of the central banks at European level ( something we were told was a heresy at national level ) .
That is the position we are in today .
Here and there - and I would say more there than here , in other words , more at the Council than in Parliament - various voices are sometimes heard denigrating , to some extent , the procedure for implementing the codecision procedure decided on in the Maastricht Treaty , on the grounds that it is too cumbersome , or too complicated .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , without political parties there can be no democracy .
Mr President , the proposal to establish a status for European political parties appears to us to be without any legal basis and without any fundamental justification .
We want to have transparency in relations between the parliamentary groups and the European parties , in both decision-making structures and financial structures , and I agree with Mr Martens that the European parties do not need any additional financing .
However , that is by no means enough , as is shown by the public 's loss of confidence in the Union , and even by the loss of any sense of the construction of Europe .
My report proposes that the elected representatives should have the power to organize this assessment , having joint responsibility for it together with the Commission , and consulting , in particular , the Economic and Social Committee , the Committee of the Regions and the various sectoral committees .
Everyone will be aware , for all that , of the importance of the political undertaking that the European Parliament would be making if it adopted this text , an obligation which is what Parliament itself wanted , starting with the annual conference .
What I mean is that we should talk to real European trades unions which , being at the heart of the social dialogue , would not be merely a façade , a residual power , but would be real players in the economic and social life of Europe .
You , Mr Herzog , have taken this into account .
As far as the macroeconomic approach which is essential to combating unemployment is concerned , this must be based on monetary and budgetary policies .
With regard to the programme for 1996 , it is also necessary to underline the Commission 's total lack of determination vis-à-vis the Council .
It is not with six or seven pages of good intentions - skipping over everything that is not working , failing to state clearly that , with regard to the confidence pact , for example , the Council does not support you , and that in many other areas , the European project has reached a serious deadlock - it is not by avoiding these issues and refusing to put them on the table for discussion , by renouncing , in fact , your role as a driving force , that you will take the process of European integration forward .
The media are increasingly critical of your plans .
This amendment is inadmissible , Mr President , and as such makes the whole of this second reading debate inadmissible .
I would add that the Committee on Budgets has given a display of collective wisdom which is worthy of praise , since the majority ensured that reason was able to prevail .
