to be able to say in Oslo and Reykjavik from the European Parliament - and this is what I understood from the Commissioner - that there is every chance of the Nordic Passport Union surviving intact within the system in Europe .
Madam President , cancer is a serious disease among the population .
Leukaemia is one of the most serious forms of cancer ; we know from countless studies that there is a link between exposure to benzene and leukaemia .
It is therefore extremely welcome that the Commission is now seeking to introduce a higher degree of protection for workers .
There is a need for a directive on carcinogens , and for the scope of the current directive to be extended to include medicinal preparations , cosmetics and pesticides .
So I do not think that introducing biological limit values is a good idea .
If we go that far , there is already a risk that people will have become ill .
The limit values should not stand alone , and we must take care not to focus exclusively on limit values .
We must not allow any kind of dangerous substances or machinery in an undertaking .
I would therefore ask the Commission to step up the work in the Scientific Committee .
There is a disgraceful lack of speed about this work , Mr Flynn .
It is not enough simply to check that the limit values are respected .
In some work situations , even the proposed limit value of 0.1 ppm would be too high .
That should be our starting-point .
The former is called an annual report , but in fact it covers three months , since the Ombudsman has not actually been in office that long , although I think he has achieved a good deal in the time he has been working .
Having said that , I would agree with Mr Perry that one might perhaps wish to see a rather more colourful form of publicity for the Ombudsman , but we can try to provide some inspiration for that in the course of the coming year .
We can support Amendments Nos 1 , 2 , 4 and 5 .
As for Amendment No 3 , I am sorry that the Conservative group has not made the amendment somewhat clearer .
In a way , we agree that it should be possible to make use of Article 169 , but we do not think that involving the Committee on Petitions and the Ombudsman is particularly appropriate , and so we shall be abstaining on this amendment .
When it comes to the budget , the Ombudsman has of course like everyone else had some tough discussions with the Committee on Budgets .
As regards the office in Brussels , the discussions will be resumed .
The Ombudsman is vital if we are to ensure that our citizens are more closely associated with the Union and that they can present their grievances when they feel they are being wronged .
Mr Söderman has only been in office for a short while .
On the other hand , I think that it is a matter of some concern that 80 % of these 131 cases had to be dismissed because they did not relate to matters falling within the Ombudsman 's terms of reference .
Finally , I would call on all the EU institutions and others to show respect for the Ombudsman , and to demonstrate all the willingness to cooperate which is needed for his work .
Madam President , I can understand that there are some people who are starting to become impatient to do away with the controls at the internal borders , but we have to realize that , for good reason , it is precisely this part of the internal market which is the hardest to put into effect .
We cannot open the borders until passage across the external frontiers and the rules on asylum and visas have been settled .
National frontiers are a central part of many people 's consciousness .
Whether it involves trafficking in drugs , human beings or waste which is hazardous to the environment , things will not have to go wrong many times before the EU loses credibility and is accused of doing more harm than good .
I should like to see a Europe without borders or border controls , but I cannot accept it if the result is that there are simply more police on the streets carrying out spot checks to make sure that people 's papers are in order .
Firstly , there is the institutional side .
Many Members have congratulated one another today on the result we have produced and will be voting on tomorrow .
To my mind , the praises should be muted .
At the weekend , I had the pleasure of visiting a trans-European project from the old Roman Empire , the first road from Rome to the Adriatic , and touching the wall built by Caesar Augustus out on the Adriatic coast .
One cannot help thinking about what we decided at Maastricht .
We were not thinking in a very European way , and the same thing happened in the Council .
So , ladies and gentlemen , let us now stop flexing muscles which perhaps we do not have .
My second point is that the trans-European networks are also connected with employment .
I do have my own pet project , though it is a European one .
I am pleased that in this discussion , we have succeeded in raising the profile of the maritime sector .
I know that the Commissioner and the Council agree that the maritime sector is an area of potential in the development of the trans-European networks .
It has the environmental angle , it has the right element of European policy .
