to registration tax .
Only in this way can consumers force the government in each country to change its ossified systems .
I disagree on the question of safety .
Finally I would like to say that motoring is taxed much too highly in Europe compared to other forms of transport .
I think the Commission communication should be welcomed and I hope that the Commission will promptly reform European car taxation .
As my colleague , Mr Vatanen , has already described so expertly , the current situation where such a key consumer durable good as a car is one of the most difficult things to move around within the Union area is totally untenable .
In the matter of car taxation the citizens of the Union are being treated totally unequally , as it depends on the country in which they live .
The Council should seriously consider what in the final analysis serves the interest of the citizens of the Union where these issues are concerned .
As a result , you see on the roads in our country incredibly old cars which in other countries of the Union would be deemed fit for the scrap heap .
This is especially important in sparsely populated areas like those in the north , in Finland and Sweden , where the car is often the only possible means of transport , public transport services being very limited .
For the same reason I do not support abolishing the favourable tax treatment for diesel fuel .
What is more , the latest studies show that carbon dioxide emissions from diesel cars are considerably lower than from petrol cars .
Thus , for example , the taxation of fuels should take account of the environmentally friendly aspect by lowering taxes on liquid fuels in this category .
Support for , and encouraging the use of , safe , environmentally friendly and , from the consumer’s point of view , durable vehicles in the Union area in this way are welcome moves .     – Madam President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , my warmest thanks go to Mrs Dybkjær for this eminently timely and important report .
Equality is one of the European fundamental values which the new Member States have also committed themselves to respecting .
There can be no genuine democracy if women are unable to participate in decision-making at all its levels .
We could have rid ourselves of the problem entirely by developing a common European act regarding elections , in which gender equality would be guaranteed .
The aim of an equal society is dimly visible as decision-making without the need for quotas , with the highest decision-making bodies representing the genders equally .
I now want to throw down the gauntlet , as it were , and ask the male Members of the European Parliament here to think about whether they have ever voted for a woman .
It is unfortunately true that , as I look around now , there are noticeably few women here , particularly young women and women with families .
As many have commented , in the light of statistics the situation seems even more alarming than before with regard to next year’s elections after enlargement .
We must nevertheless remember that things could also be better in the current Member States , including my own country , Finland , although Finland can be considered one of the pioneers of equality between women and men .
Systems like the Finnish election procedure have guaranteed an equal representation of women and men .
In these conditions women have done well .
Why , however , are young women in particular not interested in politics ?
Why are women not encouraged to participate in the wielding of power to a greater extent ?
Why is the EU not interesting ?
The work situation is often difficult , especially for women with families .
Maternity leave is not really a familiar concept and , for example , in Parliament it is put on a par with absence through sickness .
The result is that many women deliberately put off having children .
The message coming from the EU should not be either career or motherhood .     . – Mr President , I strongly urge Parliament to adopt this amendment .
This proposal will make possible a gentle period of transition , which is to say earmarking can continue in any case until next year .     – Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the European Year of People with Disabilities is approaching its end and it is time to examine the results .
Have we been able to achieve anything concrete that could help us to have an impact on the day-to-day existence and quality of life of disabled people ?
I will take this opportunity to thank Commissioner Diamantopoulou for her genuine interest and encouragement regarding this issue , which I hope will continue to make progress and extend throughout the new Member States too , possibly with the aid of EU funding .
I am involved in adapting a proposal for a directive on public procurement and we are now trying to settle two important issues for people with disabilities and the enforcement of their citizens ’ rights .
To what extent can we take the special needs of disabled people into account in planning the built environment and its other physical aspects and developing transport and other services ?
In my opinion , it is also mainly a matter of democracy .
How then would the special needs of people with disabilities be affected ?     – Mr President , the debate on the use of stem cells in research has to be based on fact and steered away from emotional argument .
For this reason EU funding must in future be targeted at stem cell research