In this age of digital information , info-exclusion may become a new form of discrimination and inequality .
This network consists of contact points ( judges ) who cooperate with each other to tackle the difficulties that may arise in judicial cooperation between Member States .
It has only been agreed that a report on the implementation of this directive should be submitted by the Commission .
Reinforcing internal market rules in an area which has to date been the exclusive competence of Member States also marks another step along the federalist road , increasing the hegemony of the major powers to the detriment of national sovereignty .
That is why we have voted against .
In terms of combating climate change , the EU has demonstrated its great willingness to lead on this issue .
The other provisions of Article 55 remain unchanged .
As we have previously stressed , such decisions clearly indicate the antidemocratic nature of the EU , which is inseparable from the position it assumes as an imperialist bloc .
There is still much to do , and I hope that this will be achieved with the active participation of this Parliament .
I must also thank the Commission and the Council for their efforts .
Reference has also been made to energy efficiency , the quality of CDM ( Clean Development Mechanism ) projects and the intention to help third countries reduce their emissions and adapt to climate change .
In fact , with this agreement , the European Union has sent out a very positive signal to its other international partners .
It is unacceptable that several governments are currently refusing to receive detainees from Guantánamo Bay , in cases where their guilt has not been established .
The fact is that a European Commission proposal in this respect , although inadequate , has been marking time since 2005 .
What is really bothering the sponsors of this initiative is that Nicaragua is determined to improve the living conditions of its people , in terms of nutrition , health and education , by supporting the most disadvantaged .
In this context , it is worth underlining the importance of fishing in the waters of each Member State 's EEZ for its sovereignty and independence , particularly in terms of food .
The application of an ecosystem approach to marine management necessarily requires multidisciplinary and intersectoral action between the various measures that have an impact on marine ecosystems , going far beyond and upstream of those adopted in the area of fisheries .
Lastly , I should like to emphasise that the sharp decline in income in the industry stems not only from restrictions on fishing activity , but in particular from the stagnation/fall in first-sale prices , accompanied by the increase in production costs ( diesel and petrol ) .
As the purchasing power of workers , the retired and pensioners has fallen over the last 10 years , the profits of economic and financial groups have reached their highest level in 30 years , resulting in the joy and satisfaction that we have heard in this Chamber .
The origins of the aviation agreements between the European Community and the United States ( US) lie in and are based on the liberalisation of air transport .
As a result , one of the fundamental points of this cooperation agreement on the regulation of civil aviation safety is mutual trust in each other 's systems and the comparison of regulatory differences .
That is why we abstained .
The recent extraordinary surge in food prices rightly prompted a discussion on agricultural policies , food security and development .
This report is yet another one which goes against the majority of the European Parliament in its efforts to try and 'sell ' the Treaty of Lisbon project at any cost , a task which has not proved easy , judging by the results of previous referendums .
Summarised very briefly , this own-initiative report of the European Parliament aims to integrate the Community requirements for the conservation of the marine environment with the common fisheries policy ( CFP) , which has , as one of its operational objectives , the gradual application of an ecosystem approach to fisheries management .
It will be particularly important to reaffirm and defend these objectives and principles ( as the Portuguese Communist Party (PCP ) has consistently done ) , many of which are not respected by the common fisheries policy ( CFP ) ( even though some are included in it ) , when the European Commission announces the presentation , next April , of a green paper on the future of the common fisheries policy , indicating a possible reform of this policy by 2012 .
In this case also , the final compromise has ended up taking into account several of the criticisms that we made about the initial proposal , specifically with regard to reduction indicators and targets , measures and timetables to reduce the risks and dangers associated with pesticides and the dependency on pesticides .
I agree with the rapporteur and congratulate her on the final report .
The compromise that has finally been reached in the European Parliament represents a climbdown from the maximalist proposals that were made on the elimination of active substances , particularly from the negative implications that these proposals would have had with regard to insecticides and pesticides .
The creation of three zones encompassing regions with similar soil and climate characteristics is very positive .
It is actually quite interesting that the report recognises that the analysis of the public financial situation in 2007 and the first part of 2008 'clearly shows a change in the economic trend and the looming prospect of a slowdown in the economy and growth , coupled with a continued lower rate of inflation and increasing income disparities ' .
Contrary to the procedure in 2004 , we are now in codecision .
However