Europe in the coming referendum .
It will probably be the most essential element , on the basis of which these six months will be assessed .
We hope that , with your experience and with the cooperation of the European Parliament , your Presidency will persuade the Council to take a broader view , and make it see that it is irresponsible to try to create more Europe with less resources – to use once again that well-worn phrase .
Fifthly , the commitment to implement an early warning system capable of preventing similar disasters .
Certain donors , therefore , have a responsibility that should firstly be investigated and then met .
Mr President , I believe that this debate on transatlantic relations should leave aside all of its ideological waffle and focus , as the representative of the Presidency-in-Office has quite rightly said , on trying to replace the discord of the past with the harmony of the present .
We in the European Parliament have frequently called for the creation of a European coastguard service , which , as well as dealing with the needs of those people whose precarious situation obliges them to try to enter Europe by crossing our seas with difficulty , could also help to control the sea pollution affecting our coasts .
With regard to the Committee on Culture and Education , Commissioner , there is a real risk that multilingualism , and quality multilingualism , may be affected by this decision .
And as a member of the delegation for relations with Iran , I have seen very many diverse cases of human rights violations in that country and hence the need for this Parliament to maintain a firm position on this issue .
In the mean time , a violent group broke into the refuge , took away the women and girls and , undoubtedly , put them back to work as prostitutes .
We should urge them , in their relations with those countries , to become involved in combating this type of activity , amongst other things by supporting the organisations involved in rescuing and rehabilitating the victims .     Mr President , I believe that what we have voted on , and regrettably has been rejected , is the paragraph amended by Mrs Prets ; it is not the amendment , but the paragraph as amended .     Mr President , I agree with what has been said and I would like to thank the President of this Parliament for what he has said about the referendum held in my country yesterday .
We in our group naturally hope that this meeting is a success and also that it serves to improve relations between the European Parliament and the United States of America .     Mr President , Spain treated the referendum on the European Constitution with disdain , with the lowest turnout in our history .
He gives the impression of coming from a completely different country , since he appears to have forgotten that the People’s Party government controlled the whole of the public and private media for eight years .
Goodness gracious me !     .
That low growth creates a situation of high unemployment and lack of jobs and seriously calls into question the sustainability of our social model and the sustainability of our model of society in general .
There will be more meetings , of the Eurogroup on 7 March , and of Ecofin on 8 March , which are going to be very useful in terms of reaching an agreement .
The resources we spend on paying interests and paying off public debt will mean less resources for guaranteeing finances .
More growth to confront the challenges facing us as Europeans : the challenge of enlargement , the challenge of creating jobs for our women and young people .
Mr President , I would like to thank all the honourable Members who have spoken for their contributions to the debate , which I have found very interesting .
These objectives have not been reduced in the Commission 's communication , and have been confirmed just as they were defined five years ago .
To this end , it is extremely important , and this is the second key element in our discussion , to prevent the application of the pact leading in practice to pro-cyclic policies , both in the preventive part and in the corrective part of the excessive deficit procedure .
Governance is very important .
I shall end by acknowledging the excellent cooperation we are enjoying with the Presidency of the Council , which is firmly committed to achieving that success .     .
It has therefore become a burden .
There should at least have been an indication of an intention to produce a diversified policy .
The Member States must choose between these two objectives ; one always at the expense of the other .
When the European Commission originally consulted civil society , all the actors — from the farmers to the ecological organisations — expressed their support for funding that initiative by means of a separate and single fund , since that would be the only way to oblige the European Union to make a funding effort .
Where do they dump the other 93 % ?
All of this must be applied immediately in Europe and we must demand that it be extended to the rest of the world by means of the International Maritime Organisation , because if we wait for it to be agreed there , we may find that the North Sea , the Baltic or , in particular , the Mediterranean have been damaged beyond repair .
We can state that , following months of hard work , the proposal , which falls within the framework of the conventions of the International Maritime Organisation , will be one of the regulations that makes the greatest contribution to combating fraud in relation to certifications .
