I am certain that the Greek Government will not delay in ratifying the convention in question , given that it has already signed it as a country .
But let us hope that the future will bring a solution to these problems .
I am delighted to see that Commissioner Patten , for whose attitude and efficiency as governor of Hong Kong I have a great deal of respect , is here with us today .
And the second point which I wish to raise concerns the risks threatening the freedom of the press .
The argument that this will allow new services to develop does not stand up , given that these services can be developed by the telecommunications organisations equally well and , without the strain of having to make huge profits , certainly more cheaply .
I voted against the Haug report , just as I voted in favour of my group ' s motion to reject the general budget for 2001 .
This price may not provide satisfactory protection for producers , but it is nonetheless a minimum safety valve .
The quotas and the thresholds are like Scylla and Charybdis and to change them is to jump out of the frying pan into the fire .
This persecution hits the produce of small and medium-sized farmers in the south particularly hard .
The problem of global warming caused by concentrations of gases in the atmosphere which exacerbate the greenhouse effect , such as carbon dioxide , is taking on explosive proportions .
The Commission communication should have been entitled differently , given that it contains no specific policies or measures to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases ; on the contrary , it confines itself , as the rapporteur rightly comments , to merely producing an organisation chart and a vague list of common policies and measures .
We stand by the view that the cost of reducing emissions of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases should be paid for by the real polluters ( i .e . large-scale industry ) out of their excess profits .
We also agree with the rapporteur ' s view that clear priority should be given to renewable energy sources and to giving support to public transport .
Of course , in a capitalist system in which everything can be bought and sold , this is bound to happen .
However , we should like to highlight the need for a generally acceptable definition of endocrine disrupters , which we feel should include the effects of radiation ( accidents , radioactive waste from peaceful or military applications , without impediment and without restricting the access of official scientific teams to industrial uses ) .
Awareness-raising campaigns directed at the public , at consumers and at people in professions which are at risk of exposure to endocrine disrupters ( farmers , industrial and other workers ) must be a basic concern if these efforts are to be a success .
We all know full well that these enterprises have trouble surviving in the current environment ; my own personal experience in publishing and bookselling leaves me little cause for optimism because I know the huge , sometimes insurmountable problems which these businesses face , precisely because they are so small .
Very few .
As far as advertising is concerned , it is generally prohibitively expensive .
Clearly , the basic objective of the plan is to stem migration towards the Member States of the European Union and repatriate illegal immigrants living in the Union .
Border fortifications and repressive policing measures will not stem the tide of those seeking a share of the prosperity which we all enjoy .
This is the only way of breaking the circle of poverty and violence which results in waves of immigrants and refugees .
The country is marked by a lack of security in many regions and high crime rates , especially in relation to the drugs and arms trade , which is why we expect cooperation with the Albanian government in applying the measures proposed in the plan to be particularly difficult .
So bearing all these problems in mind , the proposals set out in my report include : gradual application of the measures proposed in the action plan , a study of the real needs , such as that contained in the first part , which indicates where the most urgent problems lie ; for example , first the economy and democratic institutions need to be developed and infrastructures need to be created in Albania and then the Union can think about signing refugee and migrant repatriation agreements .
The situation was exacerbated when action by political forces lavishly supported by the European Union resulted in the pyramid scandal in 1997 and robbed the people of their savings and , at the same time , shattered any confidence in the structures and organisation of the Albanian state .
This situation resulted in a popular uprising which basically abolished the Albanian state , causing huge security , political and economic problems for the Albanian people .
To turn a blind eye to this situation and to try and erect walls around your paradise , allegedly to protect it from desperate neighbours is both inhumane and short-sighted .
There are jobs in Greece , for example , which , if the Albanian immigrants leave , will remain undone , mainly in the agricultural sector .
I think that we need to turn our attention to two - of many - basic issues .
It is a very important issue which is being shaped by historical , social , political and economic factors .
Greece is a typical example ; despite providing various forms of generous support to the post-Communist Albanian regime and receiving and welcoming thousands of Albanian immigrants and illegal immigrants , it must now watch as the large historic Greek minority in Albania is systematically persecuted