greatest possible effectiveness at the lowest possible cost .
I believe that we should be prepared to work as quickly and effectively as possible to influence the environment for the better .
What is probably also required , in spite of new technology and alternative energy sources , is less use of transport and lower energy consumption overall .
The first point is that we must come up with a carbon dioxide levy , that is to say , a tax on greenhouse gases .
The third point concerns aviation fuel .
What do you intend to do with regard to this particular area ?
Mr President , this is an important motion for a resolution which may form the basis of continued work in the field of climate change .
We oppose paragraph 16 .
The question of energy efficiency is in fact also dealt with in paragraph 11 in the motion for a resolution .
With regard to proposal 4 from the Socialists , we request split voting because we think that it would be unrealistic to try to achieve ratification of the protocol as early as the first few months of next year , even if it were a matter of urgency .
She emphasised that market forces , free trade and well-informed consumers can be our best friends in obtaining a sound environment .
We are to assess the credibility of future scenarios which involve actually diverting the Gulf Stream and perhaps encountering a new ice age .
We know that the problem exists .
The Kyoto Protocol contains a number of proposals concerning how we can proceed further and what measures need to be taken .
On many occasions , expectations that jobs were to leave the country have proved unfounded because , instead , an environmentally friendly technique or a more efficient and environmentally-friendly use of energy has been promoted .
We shall present a report before the end of the year .
I have said that I shall be presenting a Green Paper with just such a concrete proposal for a system .
That is what is intended .
Now , this is definitely not my approach .
We must mobilise on a much broader basis .
In fact , I believe that , in general , our citizens are the ones who are more acutely conscious of these issues and that their willingness to act is greater than that of the politicians in our Member States just now .
It is something which we have to discuss in the Commission .
I do not have time to answer every specific question , but what I have been talking about here is my way of setting to work on the concrete measures .
I shall also , of course , try to push forward the integration process as far as possible .
The Finnish Presidency has prepared an initial report on women ' s participation in the decision-making process .
I want to say that I welcome your answer clarifying that there is to be a fifth action programme .
It is important , then , that specific goals should be set for what one wants to achieve .
The Council cannot yet therefore take up a position on this question .
We would wish and hope that this would lead to the proportion of women in various posts increasing in the very near future .
In this connection , it ought to be emphasised that all Member States of the European Union now have access to statistics of this kind .
The Member States use a range of different indicators to describe the incidence of drug abuse and its effects upon health , together with the trend in drug-related crime at national level .
Definitions forming the basis of the indicators are also sometimes very different from each other .
At the same time , the systems for collecting , recording , evaluating and transferring the information operate at considerably different levels of centralisation .
In March 1999 , the EDMC reiterated its message from the previous year .
The fact that suitable structures have been introduced within the Council has already made possible the conclusions to which I referred at the beginning of my intervention about the difficulty of comparing different national systems .
On the other hand , he does not perhaps indicate equally clearly how this problem is to be solved .
With this information , we can attempt in a more effective way to administer the European Community ' s resources for combating any increased use of drugs .
In that way , there are no reliable statistics .
.
In then attempting to develop the required statistical method , the purpose for which the statistics are required will need very much to be borne in mind .
We have , then , taken steps to make progress and to obtain uniform statistics .
I have two additional questions .
That is to say , it can be forced to deposit a larger proportion of its currency reserve with the Central Bank , and there is no real upper limit .
It is specified in the same Article that the fundamental rights are to be respected by the European Union as general principles for Community law .
In accordance with the codecision procedure , the Council , together with the European Parliament , therefore assumed on 28 June 1999 a common position on the adoption of a decision to establish a uniform instrument for financing cultural cooperation and for planning programmes for such cooperation .
I consider it a disgrace to this Parliament that we have representatives here who stand for this type of ideological and intellectual " cleansing " .
In the end , however , it is always a matter for the individual nation state to guarantee that human rights and other fundamental rights are guaranteed in that country