two rapporteurs , Mr Böge and Mrs Roth-Behrendt , for the excellent work they have done .
Firstly , is there still a possibility that this endorsement will be given during the German Presidency ?
Mr President-in-Office , this morning I heard Chancellor Schröder say that NATO 's attacks were being carried out in the name of human rights and on behalf of the Albanian minority in Yugoslavia .
Secondly , I am surprised that you are not aware that there is a more recent decision which forbids the ADEP Party from taking part in the elections , thereby depriving 20 million Kurds of their human right to express themselves politically in the elections .
What does the Council intend to do about this ?
Firstly , with the experience both he and Parliament have , does he seriously believe that the current regime in Turkey will hold a fair trial based on the principles of the rule of law ?
Is he setting himself up as the counsel for the defence of the Turkish authorities and providing it with just such an alibi ?
They are regions which , especially in winter , face special problems of isolation .
Particular attention must be paid to islands , and what was decided in Amsterdam must be translated into practical action .
Why must this be hidden from the people of the European Union , from the people it wants to get close to ?
Were the discussions only about the PKK ?
Is the European Union perhaps being submerged by a wave of McCarthyism ?
If that is the case , we are extremely dissatisfied that a President-in-Office who is incapable of giving an answer is appearing before us .
He can discuss this issue in the Council with representatives of the Greek Government .
I am very well aware of the Rules of Procedure and I also learned from you just now that I cannot table a second supplementary question .
I know the Rule by heart and you know it better than I do .
It is a question to the Council - naturally the Council , which is here , is not listening to us - but I should have received an answer .
Who must I go to in order to get justice , as we say in Greece ?
Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the enlargement of the European Union is , without doubt , the most important challenge facing the European Union as it moves into the twenty-first century .
These negotiations must continue until they have been successfully concluded .
Mr President , yesterday the war in Yugoslavia claimed its greatest number of victims .
It is a joint debate because the Committee on Petitions and the European Ombudsman function jointly .
I am very glad that today - and it is perhaps not a coincidence - we will soon be called upon to vote on the continuation of the work of the Committee on Petitions .
I think that Mr Söderman , as someone who has represented the institution , has offered a new creation , a new body , to Europe and to the European Union .
I also want to agree for once with what Mr Hermann said on the subject of the usefulness of the major stock exchanges .
Of course , there are some very real dangers associated with the major stock exchanges , some of which have quite rightly been pointed out by our rapporteur , whom I would like to commend on his work .
I think that this is something we must begin to address in the fullness of time .
As has already been said , we have discussed it at some length in the Committee on Women 's Rights and there has been general agreement on its proposals .
We are glad that there is some form of legal base but we have some problems with this particular legal base .
We support the request for the presence , on the advisory committee , of a representative of the European Parliament and a representative of the NGOs .
We also support the request for the submission of an annual rather than a triennial report on the progress that has been made .
Let us at least behave as we behave towards all victims .
Furthermore , in addition to these general trends , it mentions each specific country in turn - acknowledging that each country has its own peculiarities - addresses the issue of the growth of its economy and puts forward the necessary reforms .
We must bear in mind that this flexibility must also extend to the structural framework .
And only in this way will we be able to have real economic and monetary union , as envisaged in the Maastricht Treaty .
I must first of all pay tribute to the rapporteur , Mr Bösch , who managed to stick to his guns , despite the opposition from within his own group , the Group of the Party of European Socialists .
Having said that , I in turn hope that this office will prosper , and for this to happen the old confrontations between the Commission , Parliament and the Council are of no import .
First of all , I did not talk about the missile which hit the bus yesterday .
It says in the Minutes that I asked for an official complaint to be made to NATO .
Mr President-delegate , your appointment will be one of the crowning moments in the institutional relationship between the European Parliament and the Commission .
Mr President , the people of Europe have unfortunately become mistrustful .
It will function if the Commission wants it to and if Parliament permanently demands it .
On the subject of peace , Mr President , I think we all need to understand that , on whatever battlefield the dead may fall , they are all equal