people affected by this global crisis .
I also agree that the Commission 's proposal , in its explanatory statement , should include clear and detailed information on the application , analysing the eligibility criteria and explaining the reasons which led to its approval , in accordance with the requests made by Parliament .
Looking for resolutions adopted by Parliament allows one to understand more clearly the scope and extent of the problem in several European states .
I would like to repeat the word of warning about the need to ensure mechanisms to facilitate and speed up the mobilisation and use of European Globalisation Adjustment Fund ( EGF ) resources by European countries .
This follows the Portuguese application for the mobilisation of the EGF in December 2009 .
These funds are aimed at supporting the Qimonda workers who have been made redundant , through the recognition of skills , professional training , training and support with a view to setting up businesses , assistance in self-placement and incentives for recruitment and professional practice gained in the workplace .
I also agree that the functioning and added value of the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund should be evaluated in the context of the general assessment of the programmes and various other instruments created by the interinstitutional agreement of 17 May 2006 within the process of the 2007-2013 multiannual financial framework mid-term review .
I therefore support this decision , which allows the mobilisation of EUR 2 405 671 under the general EU budget for 2010 in order to provide financial assistance in response to the Portuguese request .
This is aimed at measures such as recognition of skills , professional training , training or support with a view to setting up businesses , assistance in self-placement or incentives for recruitment and professional practice gained in the workplace .
The employees of Qimonda were highly qualified and had high rates of productivity , with nothing to suggest that the company would cease to be viable in such a short space of time .
The closure of the Qimonda factory in Vila do Conde has exacerbated the high levels of unemployment in the north of Portugal .
Parliament has approved the mobilisation of EUR 2.4 million from the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund ( EGF) , aimed at supporting the workers who have been made redundant from Qimonda , following an application by the Portuguese Government on 17 December 2009 .
The Norte region , where the redundancies took place , had already been approved for EGF support based on a previous application in 2009 regarding redundancies in the textile sector .
Things did not have to be this way , and they should not be this way .
Given that Portugal has submitted requests for assistance for 839 cases of redundancy at Qimonda S.A. , a multinational company which operates in the electronics sector in the NUTS II Norte region , I welcome the adoption of the report by Parliament .
In view of this , the joint statement by the institutional trialogue highlights the importance of ensuring that procedures are as simple and swift as possible for adopting decisions on the mobilisation of the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund ( EGF ) .
The fall in the demand for cars in the EU is very serious , and production in the second quarter of 2009 decreased by almost 40 % , a situation which threatens to jeopardise even more jobs , not only in Spain , but throughout the EU.
In the case of the EGF , only just over 10 % of the EUR 500 million provided for in the budget was used this year , which is unacceptable given the extent of unemployment in Europe and the increased difficulties in finding other work .
It is vital for the European Union to establish an EU system for preventing , deterring and eliminating illegal , unreported and unregulated fishing .
The current proposal aims to update EU regulations that transpose the monitoring and enforcement system adopted by the North-East Atlantic Fisheries Commission ( NEAFC ) convention .
Among the new rules , I would like to point out the monitoring of illegal and undeclared fishing vessels , along with the new port state control system , which will effectively close European ports to landings and transhipments of frozen fish which have not been verified to be legal by the flag state of fishing vessels flying the flag of another contracting party .
It is important to point out that monitoring of fishing activities today places increased demands on the Member States , whether under the common fisheries policy ( CFP ) or within the scope of the regional fisheries organisations .
This report is heading in that direction .
For all these reasons , I shall be voting in favour of this proposal .
Given the importance of fisheries for Europe ( both as an economic activity that generates jobs and wealth , and for its role in feeding people ) , we should always look very carefully at any regulation that seeks to impose new and more stringent obligations on European fishermen .
I cannot , therefore , neglect to mention that in the light of the Treaty of Lisbon , Parliament should be represented at future discussions on international conventions on this matter .
In future , more timely involvement and participation may be vital , and would ideally accompany the negotiating processes themselves .
This report merits my vote in favour .
Precarious work is not a gender issue , although it can be particularly high amongst women , and any view that tries to reduce it to a gender issue is simplistic .
The current economic and financial crisis has increased the problem of poor female workers who often find themselves in a particularly vulnerable position in terms of work , as they have to juggle work with family commitments .
