I believe that we are dealing with an extremely important matter , because all too often we , as Members of the European Parliament , report instances of human rights violations without having the means to prevent them from recurring .
The agency must not and cannot be a bureaucratic structure for accusing the Member States , but rather an organisation serving all of the EU institutions , an effective organisation providing assistance to Member States and support for their policies .
We will devote particular attention to the debate and to the decision that will be adopted by Parliament , but I believe that , to begin with , the agency certainly can and must have geographical competence inside the Member States .
I would like , however , to highlight certain aspects that give rise to further thought .
The two reports on which I have worked , and which are linked to Mr Koch’s report , fundamentally address small aspects : the issue of safety belts , in the case of Mr Koch’s report , and , in my case , the technical implications of anchorages and head restraint systems for bus passengers .
Such a process will enable us , in a few years from now , to decide whether – and how – we must scrap sidefacing seats in instances where speeds are greater than those normally reached in town centres , or whether , in contrast , this new service can continue .
The absence of specific provisions at European level has given rise , moreover , to a real proliferation of claims on the labels of food products – claims varying in number and type .
Through the procedures laid down by Article 93( 2 ) , the Commission proposes to draw up specific nutrient profiles for foods or categories of foods within a period of 18 months , which could rise to as much as 30 months , and , subject to consultation of the Food Safety Agency , specific nutrient profiles for foods or categories of foods , and the adoption of a Community list of health claims which describe the generally accepted role of a nutrient or other substances on the basis of proposals submitted by the Member States .
This is true , for instance , with regard to Amendments 12 , 20 and 23 of the Mato Adrover report .
I therefore agree with what was said by previous speakers , which is that our Social Agenda must also have an ambitious outlook .
I speak on behalf of the New Italian Socialist Party .
Mr President , although I have not requested to speak , I should like to point out to Members the possible reintroduction of Article 4 , which reinstates the nutrient profiles that the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Food Safety in contrast decided to scrap .
I believe , in particular , that it was premature and inappropriate to include the reference to a special report by the European Ombudsman against OLAF , which can only have been published in its final form with remarkably perfect timing .
The Council’s short-sighted attitude is regrettable , however , because , on the one hand , it has confined itself to environmental applicationsand , on the other hand , it has made little use of the Commission ’s coordination capacities .
The Commission can carry out a far more important role .
The report endorsed by the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development attaches great importance to support measures for young farmers , who should be encouraged to remain in the countryside and to farm in a competitive and sustainable manner .
That is one of the aims proposed in my report .
That is a problem that still needs to be resolved .
I would like to conclude by recalling the still entirely unresolved issue of financial and tax have ns , both inside and outside the European Union , which even today can offer a veil of protection to the international terrorist organisations that threaten the peace and security of European citizens .     .
It will be a question of a political plan on which Parliament , the Council and the Commission obviously must and can work together .
As many of you are already aware , one of the main elements of the action plan approved on Friday in Luxembourg was precisely the creation of a permanent monitoring instrument .
Mr Mayor Oreja’s report very rightly stresses the importance of strengthening information exchange , cooperation with third countries , dialogue with civil society – which is a fundamental aspect – and assistance and support to the victims of terrorism , which is another aspect on which the Commission will work intensely .
One of the items in the programme relates to the possibility of providing access to immediate and well-timed information – a kind of early warning – in the event of the danger of a terrorist attack .
In order to do so , however , we call for large-scale cooperation from the not-for-profit sector itself and from civil society , which is , like us , keen to root out all those who assist terrorist activity in any way .
They are amendments that take account of the important conference held a few days ago in Poland , and which highlight the importance of every person’s right to personal data protection , even when we are confronted by terrorism .
I shall be presenting the actual text by the end of this summer .
Many steps taken by the Commission will improve the level of preparedness and prevention : we are developing simulation exercises in case of potential bioterrorist attacks , two of which will be performed this year to provide a practical assessment of the standard of prevention and rapid response .
It is a programme , planned and approved for the next Community budget , which is focused on preparedness and