Millions of women are suffering under the effects of the vicious cycle of poverty , discrimination and fanaticism , and they are often the ones who suffer the most from armed conflicts , particularly due to pre-existing inequalities between the sexes in terms of literacy , health and income .
A preparatory meeting will be held in two weeks in Rabat .
That is why we should like access to this programme for small organisations to become more than just a pious hope .
Advances in this area will not be achieved by means of a frenzy of feminism or by means of coercive measures which seek to forcibly impose the presence of women , whether it be in representative bodies or in management , far too often , as we very well know , without regard for their competence or quality .
That is what they would like .
After 90 years Paul Valéry’s prediction that ‘Europe aspires to be run by an American committee ’ is coming true .
I should like to say to you that if this was a blunder , it is of such magnitude that it deserves an independent enquiry .
By contrast , I must emphasise the excellent collaboration demonstrated by the members of the Committee on Women’s Rights and Gender Equality .
Football and sex do not go hand in hand .
This has to be brought about through the development of new forms of sustainable tourism such as agritourism , rambling , cycling or horse-riding .
It is a key aspect in the selection of projects , be it within the framework of collaborative research or under the headings 'capacities' , 'ideas ' and , above all , 'people ' , in other words researchers , because the most important thing is to have researchers who feel happy .
To conclude , we must make rapid progress regarding the participation rules .
The Socialist Group in the European Parliament generally supports the proposals set out in Mr Buzek 's report , and we particularly support the compromises negotiated by Mr Busquin , our expert on this subject .
As others have dwelt upon it at length before me , including Mr Brunetta , I will not go into the details now .
Faced with this reality , I am , however , surprised that it is being proposed to us that we reduce the funds allocated to Euratom .
The Seventh FPRD is one of the means that will enable Europe to move forward and our people to benefit in everyday life from the fruits of European research .     Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , our Assembly is getting ready to vote in favour of the Seventh Framework Programme on Research and Development , which will thus be operational no later than by 1 January 2007 .
That is why our Parliament wishes , within the framework of the codecision process , to be fully involved in taking the decision on the definitive form to be taken by the Council .     Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I shall begin by thanking the rapporteur for his work and for the agreement that we have reached with a view to creating in this programme a specific line in favour of research into paediatric medicines .
If we do not make up our minds and take action now , it will be the Americans and the Japanese who will do so in our place .     Mr President , I should like even so – hard on the heels of what Mr Buzek has just said about the trialogue we are going to have – to condemn the Council’s absence from this debate .
Because groundwater differs from one area to the next , it would at present be counterproductive to impose compulsory quality standards to be applied uniformly throughout Europe .
All that these prisoners want is to have a fair trial .
My fellow Member , Mr Bowis , just spoke about this .
Thus , we will prevent any kind of panic , which would only create problems .
We therefore call for an Association Council to be convened quickly , for the Congress of the Tunisian Human Rights League to be held without any restrictions , for the funds earmarked for civil society to be released and for the acts of intimidation and harassment to stop .
I will turn once again to you , Mr Winkler : how might one justify the fact that the Austrian representative did not even think it useful to travel to the Congress , and that he clearly did everything in his power to hamper the action taken by the European Union on the ground ?
Finally , many wonder about the constant recourse to this ‘double standards ’ principle .
I believe that the Commission could have provided more information in view of the in August , given that it proposed to dispatch a European Union delegation for the purposes of monitoring the elections being held there .
Indeed , I believe that the interpretation of this judgment should not apply solely to the environment , and this so as to strengthen Parliament 's democratic control and to thus enable Europeans to be better protected .
That is what the Chairman of the French Constitutional Council , Pierre Mazot , calls France’s vitiated consent .
I would point out that the European Parliament has , for many years now , been calling for an instrument designed to protect data in the context of judicial and police cooperation .
This political will is , in fact , crucial , and I should like to take advantage of this opportunity , once again , to remind the Council , which is still blocking the framework-decision against racism and xenophobia , that this interruption is altogether unacceptable .
What has caused this Euro-pessimism ?
Firstly , the trap that consists in saying , as some people would