which makes it possible to quickly discover the type of inaccuracies and irregularities mentioned by Mr Staes .
The Council believes that Europol is already under democratic control .
As we know , the Council adopted the Accession Partnership on 8 March 2001 .
Turkey ' s response came in the form of a national programme for implementing the legislation adopted by the Turkish government on 19 March .
The Council has noted that the Commission ' s preliminary analysis proposes that , with regard to the political criteria , considerably more effort should be demanded in the areas of abolishing the death penalty and of cultural rights for all citizens regardless of origin .
Therefore , it is important that the various bodies for monitoring the Association Agreement really monitor the way the Turkish government is realising the undertakings contained in the programme in practice .
The EU Troika , led by the Swedish Minister for Foreign Affairs , visited the region in February .
Let me say , finally , that the Council naturally shares Mrs Maes ' concern over the situation in Turkish prisons .
As a judgement has not yet been made , it is too early to express an opinion on any possible consequences .
The Stabilisation and Association Process , which will hopefully bring these countries closer to European integration , is followed and monitored carefully by the Council .
Important results have been achieved in many areas , but we would also highlight certain issues which require more action .
The particular issue of bilingualism in Istria , where there is a fairly large Italian minority , and the position with regard to the regional statute recently adopted by the regional council of Istria are currently being dealt with by Croatia ' s administrative court .
We know that in many places in Europe protection of minorities and their rights is a very difficult issue .
The Council is aware of the critical situation for hake stocks in Community waters and of the impact which increased use of gillnets in hake fishing may have on these stocks .
In this respect , I would like to call to Mr Ortuondo Larrea' s attention the emergency measures for hake stock recovery which the Commission is currently drawing up in close cooperation with Member States .
The hope is that , based on a number of operational centres and a variety of contributions , a debate will be promoted which has greater scope than ever before .
On the same day the Swedish Prime Minister wrote to his colleagues in the Member States and candidate countries , inviting them to take part , for example by contributing to the website .
I am convinced that the debate will take off over the next few months as more contributions are made .
The plan is that a declaration on this issue should be adopted at the European Council in Laeken in December .
I am sorry that the honourable Member has not visited the website on the debate on the future of the European Union , which I referred to earlier .
If the EU follows its own rules , should it not stop following the Treaty of Nice and realise that it has failed ?
I was referring to the declaration of the European Council in Nice on the debate on the future of the EU.
Therefore , I believe there is reason to return to this .
That is what I call a short answer .
If things go well , as we and the Swedish police in Gothenburg , who appear to be prepared for a peaceful summit , hope , perhaps the issue will not become pressing .
However , let me take this opportunity to explain that the Presidency is planning widespread activities in conjunction with the European Council in Gothenburg , which will involve dialogue with everyone who has views on the operation of the European Union .
Mr Sjöstedt ' s question refers to the hypothetical recording of information in the Schengen Information System ( SIS ) .
Anyone is entitled to demand that the monitoring authority check the reports in SIS which concern them and the way this information is used .
Is this in line with the usual freedom of speech and right to demonstrate ?
I do not know whether the information is incorrect , but it refers to named Gothenburg police officers .
If not , the door is left open for speculation , which is hardly in the interests of the Swedish Government .
I would like to thank Mr Danielsson for his reply , which was , strictly speaking , legally and politically correct .
Even if the Swedish Presidency does not take up the issue of the formation of the new government in Italy and the conclusions drawn from previous action against Austria , I still believe that there will be various public demands which will force scrutiny of what has happened in Italy and the parties and values of the country .
Belgium will be taking over the presidency after Sweden .
Are there any real conditions for achieving results , when two countries set themselves apart in this way ?
Like the previous speaker , we accept this proposal as a one-off measure , a necessary measure in order to take the reforms forward .
I have heard that the Commission is interested in this , but I have unfortunately received indications that there will be no real assessment of the actual knowledge of various employees as the assessment is a "zero sum game " .
In most cases I believe we have succeeded in creating a certain cohesion between the committees and also with the previous reports on the same issue which were also mentioned earlier .
We have also fought a great deal over the term " co-regulation "