.
As another example , the EHT line between France and Spain is giving rise to very forceful protests from the inhabitants of the region .
I hope that these reports will be adopted , if not unanimously - which would be ideal - then at least by a very substantial majority .
We also need to react as a matter of urgency to other vitally important dossiers , such as the European register of convictions and the fight against the financing of terrorism , because terrorism is dependent upon money .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , our greatest weapon in the face of barbaric acts is our passionate commitment to freedom and democracy , underpinned by human rights .
Furthermore , there is no doubt that transport security has an important part to play in the fight against terrorism , but it must be achieved while respecting our citizens ’ right to privacy and protection of their personal data .
I believe that these incredibly broad , abusive and arbitrary definitions of terrorism mean that we are losing our ability to act effectively in the fight against terrorism .
Having said that , we cannot forgo making use of certain technology if we are to remain effective in combating terrorism .
Parallels have been drawn with US legislation in this field .
Threat analysis and assessment : several analyses of these threats have been carried out by Europol and the EU’s Joint Situation Centre , SITCEN.
These young people to some extent represent a breeding ground for acts that are hard to imagine , acts which reflect a kind of despair .
Mass terrorism is the final stage of that process .
The conclusion of an agreement in June is the best way of sending a positive signal and the only way of determining the scale of those resources early enough so that the various instruments and legislative programmes can be adopted and implemented at the right time .
Contrary to what some people are saying , this heading has not been particularly targeted by the cuts .
We know , too , that the Union has to accompany the social and economic reforms we are obliged to undertake .
It is clear that before a solution is reached on resources a number of other details still need to be examined , details which are not always minor and are often sensitive .
Our Committee on International Trade formulated a number of recommendations , which are , I would say , fiscally prudent and therefore all the more acceptable to our Committee .
Lastly  – and this is a purely personal point , Mr President , which I make as a Member elected in Wallonia – I wish to say very clearly , in words addressed to the Prime Minister of the Walloon region , Jean-Claude Van Cauwenberghe , that I wholeheartedly support the call made in paragraph 58 of the report for protection of the legitimate interests of the regions that have been subject to the statistical effect of enlargement .
The first concerns our disappointment at having been unable to finance Natura 2000 entirely outside the budget for rural development , to which we attached such great importance .
On the expenditure side , we have managed to make proposals with the potential to curb expenditure in a number of areas , while on the resources side , as a previous speaker indicated – I think it was a Council representative – there will be increases ranging from about 8 to 15 % in the final analysis , depending on the items , if I recall the figure that was quoted a short time ago .
Allow me to explain my concern with regard to the Council .
I have proposed a European levy of one cent on every litre of petrol , diesel and kerosene sold in the Union .
Madam President , Mr Barroso , ladies and gentlemen , you have had a rich , constructive , but at times contradictory debate on an excellent report that will certainly help us to reach a compromise .
We therefore need to look again for this compromise , to see how and to what extent we can reduce the figures proposed without , in future , depriving the Community budget of its impact , its influence and its ability to guide policy .
That is why I think it is important to find the right balance that will enable everyone to find his or her way .
Thus , the whole of Europe , everyone who is waiting for something from Europe , everyone who is waiting for money to finance programmes that aim to improve competitivity and cohesion , will all be left hanging , and that is not something that will improve the image of Europe just at a time when it needs to be improved and to be strengthened in the eyes of our citizens .     .
Pass your resolution !
However , the Commission must ensure that the rules of the Treaty are complied with , particularly those on State aid as interpreted in the communication of 2001 .
That is why the conditions for access to subsidies under the MEDIA programme are very clear : it is only open to independent producers .
I can therefore reassure the honourable Member , because both the Commission and Parliament are committed to the dual system and the public broadcasters are absolutely protected , both by the Treaties and by the rules based on them .     .
Secondly , we must distinguish between the traditional national minorities of Mr Moraes’s report and the migrant minorities of the Council of Europe .
It is true that each Member State has the right to decide how many immigrants it intends to accept , but Europe no longer has internal borders .
Finally , policy on the integration of immigrants : admission and integration policies are inseparable .
