of social protection , I am in favour of the original Commission document , but I do not want to see people priced out of jobs because social protection costs become unrealistically high .
That is why in committee I proposed some form of business impact assessment , so that costs and risks to jobs could be taken into account , and the EPP-DE Group supported this amendment .
But I must record that other groups , led by the PSE Group , guided by my countryman , Stephen Hughes , voted this out .
I accept that Mr Andersson 's report is very well-intentioned , and I respect him for the work he has done , but in my view the way the report defines and promotes social convergence would drive social costs higher throughout the EU.
This would put more jobs at risk and also put at risk the credibility of this House by showing how remote we are from the real world .
I therefore urge this House to reject the full report and let the original Commission proposal , which was very well-balanced , stand unamended .
Mr President , I see in the Minutes that two Members spoke yesterday about delayed flights to Strasbourg on Monday .
I would like to add that the flight from Amsterdam ' s Schipol airport was also delayed and then cancelled .
We were diverted to Basel-Mulhouse Airport .
We were told that a bus would meet us there on arrival .
In fact , it took 45 minutes after we arrived before the bus appeared at the airport .
We finally got here , on Monday at 8.30 p.m. , after some of us had spent more than 12 hours travelling .
This sort of service and difficulty in getting to Strasbourg on a Monday is quite hopeless .
If the French Government insists that we continue to meet in Strasbourg , it could at least ensure , where flights are diverted to Basle , that buses arrive on time to meet the diverted passengers , otherwise it is quite pointless for us to try to arrive here on Monday and attend to any kind of business .
I wonder if that could be added to the Minutes .
Mr President , I just want to say that , as I was walking in this morning , I noticed two people smoking outside the Hemicycle .
The smell is absolutely disgusting !
Can you please do something about it ?
Mr President , how policy decisions are arrived at is surely fundamental .
The Prime Minister of the United Kingdom and his Foreign Secretary yesterday made statements on their policy in regard to the voting system within the Council .
They pointed out that the UK, France and Germany far exceed the other countries of the European Union at present in terms of population .
They then drew the conclusion that population size should be reflected in the voting system and that the United Kingdom would not surrender its veto .
Is the Council discussing this issue ?
Is it prepared to maintain a democratic veto based on population strengths or is it still moving towards a simple majority vote of Council members , rather than a vote reflecting the population in Europe which they democratically represent ?
Have the UK representatives indicated to the Council their decision and proposal and what , if any , consideration has been given to it ?
As this voting matter is vital to the democratic future of this Union , surely it should receive priority consideration .
How decisions are made is all-important .
co-president of the ACP-EU Joint Assembly .
Mr President , I thank the Council and the Commission for their statements this morning , but I will concentrate on coherence policy because that is what the agenda says we are talking about .
Much as I agree with the requirement to hold a debate on the coherence of different Union policies and development policy , I question whether today is the time to be holding it .
However , the Council statement gave me hope for the future .
It is quite obvious to me , as someone who specialises in development policy , that there are many areas where lack of coherence is dramatically affecting developing nations .
I will give some examples shortly .
However , I remind this House that , back in June 1997 , a Council resolution acknowledged the fact that there is a serious lack of coherence in some of the EU policies in relation to its development cooperation policy .
This was followed by a request from the Council to the Commission to provide an annual report , the first of which was to be discussed in 1998 .
We still await the first report , and that is why I believe this debate was premature , as the Commission had little to say on coherence this morning .
The areas identified by the Council are specific areas where policy coherence is particularly important , such as peace-building , conflict prevention and resolution , food security , fisheries and immigration .
Some of these issues have been discussed in depth .
I personally feel that issues such as peace-building and conflict prevention and resolution are very much the domain of African Heads of State , with capacity support from the European Union and the OAU acting as arbiter .
The issues that are really affected by lack of coherence are in areas such agriculture , trade , environment and biodiversity , but herein lies the real problem : these are the highly sensitive areas of policy within the European Union as a whole and in this Parliament in particular .
Members of this House will have differing views , even within the same political parties , depending on ( a ) which country they come from or ( b ) which committee they sit on .
