pipework , tubes , construction profiles , window and door frames , eaves and other waste from the building trade .
However , what causes me real concern is Paragraph 31 of the resolution , which more or less concludes that PVC should be dumped .
That is why we are urging him to make a statement on the human rights situation in Cuba .
I will ensure that future cooperation with your will be sound .
Another major point is efficiency .
Equal treatment , not only in terms of gender , but also in terms of all the grounds for discrimination listed in Article 13 of the Treaty .
In the final analysis , this will all need translating and then distributing in writing .
Parliament should not have to be sidelined because this expenditure is being included in the Council ' s budget , for fear of breaching a gentlemen' s agreement .
With regard to the Costa Neves report , I believe that the rapporteur has set the right tone .
This is also evident from its absence today .
The policy adopted hitherto cannot be sold to the citizens .
We need to learn from the mistakes we made in the past , and economise as a Parliament .
Finally , we object to the Commission proposal on the statute and financing of European political parties .
I would draw your attention to the cod recovery plan for the North Sea , which is having a major impact on the fishermen in the surrounding area .
In agriculture , it is obvious that the crisis in the beef sector requires an in-depth discussion on the agricultural policy ' s overhaul .
A key element in this connection is that food is a basic necessity of life .
Whilst the Council granted discharge to the same Santer Commission unthinkingly , this Parliament did take its responsibilities seriously .
It should stop resisting a true audit on itself and must publicise its financial interests on the Internet .
As long as this approach involved purely administrative expenditure , this was perhaps justifiable to some extent .
Also as a message from this Parliament to other institutions , this is , therefore , an important choice to make .
We should really close this chapter once and for all .
As long ago as 1993 , this Parliament decided to institute a sales ban on cosmetics tested on animals , but the introduction of this ban has been continually postponed under pressure from the industry .
Madam President , the way in which this Parliament has passed its verdict on the PVC report fills me with great sadness .
What disappointed me greatly , is that the area where legislation could be put in place easily and promptly by means of self-regulation - the industry is keen on that - is the area which the majority of this Parliament voted against , especially the liberal group , where I had most certainly hoped to find supporters .
When PVC is reused , toxic substances are released again and , for the time being , a qualitatively inferior product is made .
Mr President , by my reckoning Mr Heaton-Harris 's speech contained an error rate of about 50 % and I hope he manages to bring it down in time for next year 's debate on the discharge . - Mr President , I endorse the proposal to grant discharge to the Commission for three reasons .
Instead of wielding the axe , as is sometimes referred to in this Parliament , we should use Mr Blak ' s surgical filleting knife , which will yield us more results .
Secondly , we need to further refine and further politicise the discharge instrument .
The budget of the Council is taking on ever increasing proportions .
The hallmark of this budget is the fact that the Statement of Assurance is still not positive .
We all know the system of milk quota .
What is the responsibility of the officials in this respect ?
Ladies and gentlemen , we should still be mindful of the fact that the Member States are responsible for more than 80 % of all expenditure .
But we should also turn our attention to a few of the less attractive issues : the flax case , the latest developments of which , it is true , we are not yet fully conversant with , the mafia case involving adulterated butter , and , indeed , the Fléchard case .
This almost creates the impression that the facts are irrelevant .
The fact that the Court of Auditors is refusing to issue a Statement of Assurance with regard to the Commission ' s accounts weighs heavily upon the Commission .
When it took up office , the Commission had the trust of this Parliament .
In the Netherlands , twelve cases in a limited area have now led to the slaughter of almost 100 000 animals .
In addition , social life has been disrupted to some extent over a large area , and other sectors , such as the medium-sized and small businesses , are suffering huge losses too .
Does the Commission really condone the fact that for each animal infected with foot-and-mouth , tens of thousands of other , often still healthy , animals are being killed and destroyed ?
We cannot turn a blind eye to the major doubts which pervade Europe with regard to the non-vaccination policy .
We must follow the lead of the United States and Australia , where such controls have been in place for years .
Mr President , Commissioner , foot-and-mouth disease was found on a farm in my municipality last week .
The non-vaccination policy was based on a restricted outbreak every 5 to 10 years .
The damage caused in those sectors is many times more serious .
