on external action , are also matters which should be addressed .
We must have the courage to adopt in good time the solutions that in this case are so obvious .
Madam President , we view with concern the decisions of the meeting of the World Trade Organisation .
Even a few small positive advances in the field of intellectual property , after the pressure which countries like Brazil and South Africa brought to bear in order to obtain generic drugs to combat AIDS and malaria , show that it is important to step up the fight against capitalist globalisation in its various aspects , whether political , economic , social or environmental .
The winners for now were the developing countries , whose principal demands , including the demands of the ACP countries , were accepted in the text .
It will therefore not be difficult to conclude that the next reform of the CAP , before 2006 , will have to be more thorough than may have been hoped .
It is permissible to doubt .
Therefore , there are grounds for hope , but also grounds for disappointment .
Since it is necessary to meet citizens ' expectations in terms of fighting terrorism , special care must be taken not to fall into excesses or exaggeration , that is to say , 'everything for security ' .
Security loses its meaning when it prejudices freedom .
These are Amendments Nos 2 to 5 , 8 , 11 , 12 , 14 to 17 , 19 to 22 , 24 , 33 , 37 to 40 , 45 , 47 to 49 , 51 , 53 and 60 .
We were moved by the speeches and inspired by their example , but we were also left with an uncomfortable feeling .
We support the aims of the document generally ; however , we also feel , as does the rapporteur , that there are a few vague aspects , possibly prejudiced by the rigidity of the current system of support .
From that country named Angola I bring greetings to the illustrious guests at this Plenary Assembly .
The Interdenominational Committee for Peace in Angola , also formed last year , seeks to be the voice of believers on the crucial matter of peace .
I believed and that was why I spoke out .
The war in Angola has various causes .
In this climate , a speech on the subject of tolerance is seen either as a betrayal of these parties , which have great popular support - and are , ironically , at war with one another - or as a reactionary attitude , if expressed by an independent person .
In this ' South ' where we live , wealth generates both war and signs of solidarity .
To the MPLA and to UNITA to whom we repeated with a breaking heart : twenty-six years of history have been stained with blood - the blood of brothers killed by brothers , and closing the doors to dialogue would open them to a war without a visible end .
This is why the financial component of this Prize will be going to the Ecumenical Fund for Peace , in other words , to promote education for peace and for national reconciliation amongst the population .
So thank you very much .
I feel that all this work has been very thorough .
Firstly , at first reading , Parliament adopted Amendment No 885 regarding line B5-502 , Amendment No 886 regarding line B7-665 and Amendment No 177 regarding line B7-42 .
Secondly , in Amendment No 328 , regarding line A-1100 , the final numbers should be EUR 989 119 000 , both for authorisations and for payments , and with regard to line A-950N , EUR 3.5 million should appear for authorisations and for payments .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , this debate on the European Union fisheries agreement with Mauritania , together with yesterday ' s vote on the fisheries agreements with Cape Verde and Guinea Bissau , are a good opportunity for a political study on international fishing agreements .
Clearly , the European Union cannot paternalistically and high-handedly impose a decision regarding the sectors to which compensation should be applied but , little by little and with diplomacy , we have reached a situation where part of this financial compensation is applied in the fisheries sector and in important activities .
Lastly , I would like to thank Mr Gallagher for the excellent work he has done in this report .
I also advocate the redrafting of the rapporteur ' s proposal in order to make it consistent with Community law in force on this subject .
These difficulties and obstacles began with the recommendation to end our partnerships with the ACP countries and culminated in the untimely and rather inconvenient problem of migration , already in the final stage of negotiations .
Firstly , the systematic call for the imposition of unilateral conditions and objectives which , apart from having the potential to destroy a partnership that we want to be of equals , could also undermine the choices made by the ACP countries themselves on their own development policies .
I would highlight , in particular , the position of rejecting any proposal to introduce a system of individual quotas or individual transferable quotas at EU level , which would amount to the privatisation of fishery resources and to the concentration/verticalisation of catches , which would have negative consequences at the socio-economic and environmental level , and I hope that Parliament will not change this decision .
Mr President , the report on the future of the CFP must make a major contribution to the shape of this policy after 2002 .
The fourth issue concerns the need to approach the fisheries sector with an awareness of its specific characteristics and this is why the principle of relative stability must be upheld