reform the public services and simplify procedures for using the funds required for technical assistance in managing the Structural Funds is not enough .
It is nonetheless a fact , as all my Italian colleagues here know , that the Community Structural Funds continue to be a vital resource for Italy - but , in particular , for the development of its southern regions , where unemployment has now reached close on 20 % , as is rightly mentioned in the report .
As regards the 'if' , that is , greater efficiency and speed of use , I take up Point 6 of the motion for a resolution to specify , in the event of delays by regional governments , which alternative public agencies , including replacements , should be the protagonists of local partnerships : for example , agencies and projects involved in regional employment initiatives , which are increasingly common and effective instruments of development in the regions covered by Objective 1 .
To encourage enterprises to use innovative technologies and develop new products , the European Union should seek a better combination of support measures for capital and enterprises , technology transfers and both initial and further education and training initiatives .
Full advantage needs to be taken of existing structures with specific professional skills , such as the EBICs , which have been set up to stimulate the local economy in areas with potential for industrial development .
Having said this , however , it is my opinion that this experience of Objective 2 , which has been a real and very important experiment , not only in Italy , and which has brought the public and private sectors face to face and thrown up new ideas concerning long-term planning , has aspects that we need to address from a critical viewpoint in the reform of the Structural Funds .
Mr President , the subjects dealt with by the Weiler report are very complex ones , because changing demographic realities in the Union are characterized by a general increase in the average age , a fall in the birthrate and - we must not forget - an increase in the age at which young people enter employment .
That is a point which we will support .
The national parliaments must give more debating time to social security , bearing in mind the need to encourage and sustain a high level of employment .
Unemployment , therefore , has been the main reason for the crisis .
So , while our points of reference will continue to be social justice , equality and democracy , we need to redefine welfare to make it easier for men and women to move from one profession to another , from one job to another , from one place to another , from one age to another .
Protection of the consumer does not at present include the provision of clear price information , especially regarding any indication of the sale price per unit of quantity for products marketed in pre-packaged form , whose prices the consumer is unable to compare with the prices of similar products .
Madam President , I should like you to give us the sense of the amendment again , because we are voting on a text and we must know what we are approving .
This is the only way in which we can make up the backlog and achieve the objective of administering the Funds with greater awareness and consistency between expenditure and commitments entered into .
In this hope , my group has voted for the resolution , motivated by the desire to spur the Italian government to greater efficiency in its administration of the Structural Funds .
As far as the United Kingdom is concerned , it is only recently that there have been positive signs of this change occurring ; now it is the turn of the European Union .
However , I now come to consider more specifically what emerges from the report regarding the responsibility of the European Commission , and it is clear that the Commission was unable , or worse still unwilling , to act sufficiently quickly to deal with this crisis .
The proposal to call him was put to the vote , and those of us , myself included , who were in favour lost by the narrow margin of seven votes to six .
None of this , clearly , rules out - I have specifically clarified this with the Legal Service - the possibility of applying Article 144 .
At the outset of the inquiry , some six months ago , the answer offered by the scientists seemed to be a macabre echo of Pontius Pilate : ' There is no reliable scientific proof of the existence of transmissibility to man , but nor is there any proof to the contrary . '
Another coincidence ?
There is no doubt , after all , that the Commission underestimated the seriousness of the epidemic , gave precedence to commercial interests over the protection of public health , failed to ensure that the interests of Europe as a whole took priority over the specific interests of Britain , and mishandled the conclusions of the expert reports and scientific opinions , failing to translate them into the appropriate and obvious political decisions .
Mr President , the media have often referred to the subject of today 's debate as the 'mad cow business ' .
I am one of those who value some of your decisions regarding the future .
President Santer , that is a task for you , and for you only !
Otherwise , it is we who will become the Eurosceptics .
That is why I consider it impossible to reconcile the desire to defend the virtues of the acts of your former and present colleagues while at the same time announcing credible adjustments and changes .
