When fully implemented , the European Commission proposal will cut dioxin emissions from 2 400 g to 10 g per year .
It will not be the case that hazardous waste previously incinerated only in specialist plants can suddenly be incinerated in just any plant .
The committee takes the view that electricity generating plants and cement kilns should be able to co-incinerate waste , provided they meet the relevant emission standards .
Lastly , I hear reports that there are still a lot of incinerators which do not comply with the 1989 directives , particularly French combustion plants .
Incineration must not be the ultimate aim .
Everyone has been busy visiting cement kilns .
I have just one minute 's speaking time , so I will confine myself to one specific point , namely the requirements which a new incineration plant has to meet .
I am in favour of guarantees to protect the natural environment , because I have seen the destructive effects of other cross-border projects .
That is wrong .
We are happy with that , but as a minimum .
Sadly the Council representative is not here with us .
It cannot be that the Council takes three months , while Parliament only has two or three days to play its part in the nomination of the President .
The financial basis for the European Union to do so has been significantly eroded .
At the same time it means that we have exhausted the total margin that you decided in Berlin for external affairs .
Let me give you just one example .
But we also note that the Council , by not making any changes to the membership of the Commission , is placing Parliament before a major dilemma .
It is a good thing that decisions have been taken , at any rate , although it has to be said that the Council is storing up a good deal of trouble for itself .
Mr Arafat 's announced intention to declare a Palestinian state looked more like a means of political pressure than a realistic plan .
The expulsion of ethnic minorities and the mass killings in Kosovo show the contempt in which the Milosevic regime holds human values - a contempt which some are emphasising by provocatively toying with a target , something that merely illustrates their disdain for the humanitarian values of the NATO governments , which as we know are seeking to get as many civilian victims as possible out of harm 's way .
That will also protect the Union against the futile attitude of financial nitpicking shown by a number of governments in Berlin .
History is repeating itself .
On the one hand as regards revenues : the decision , the compromise on own resources to my mind means giving in to the Member States who have for years argued for the principle of the juste retour .
We have called in Parliament for greater transparency and fewer rebates .
We fully support your resolute approach to the Cologne summit .
We should not delude ourselves that all the valid and humane arguments are contained in a single analysis and a single approach .
But most important of all is what we should do now , namely concentrate on political initiatives .
But let us be honest .
Hence these questions of mine .
I hope that Russian diplomacy will help us to resolve the difficulties and bring Rugova here , so that we can discuss his strategy with him face to face and incorporate it into the stability pact which the Council has drawn up .
But we should be sorry if this were to be military protection under NATO rules alone .
Given all that has happened since Rambouillet , that looks very much like an international protectorate .
For the second time , the European Union is playing a subordinate role , despite the Amsterdam Treaty .
This , ideally , is the substance of a stability pact for the southern Balkans , in which the European Union , under the Amsterdam Treaty , should give a lead , for example by the pursuit of a common strategy .
They are neatly shared out among the various states .
These agencies must be closely monitored because if present trends continue we will reach the point where more people paid by the Union are employed by the agencies than by the Commission itself .
After all the diplomatic efforts by the United Nations , the United States and the European Union , I honestly have to say that it seems unlikely to me that we will see the stability and security on the island of Cyprus which Mr Habsburg predicts .
This removes the catalyst effect of the accession process and gives Turkey what amounts to a veto on the Union 's decision to include Cyprus as a member .
I will end , Mr President , on a very simple domestic point .
Psychologically the country would not appear to have any difficulty in becoming a part of the European landscape .
I believe that we now have an excellent opportunity for the Fifteen to decide a number of basic principles on this subject which consequently must also be accepted by newcomers .
But we would very much like the opportunity to have an exchange of views on this issue before any final decision is taken .
The institution of the Ombudsman is answerable to Parliament , which I think is a good thing because it helps him to be independent , a position which he exploits to the full , as we have seen from the report he has presented to Parliament today .
But there seemed to be more involved than just a budget problem : there were problems with the introduction of a computerised transit system which struck at the very heart of the work of the customs authorities .
In addition to