, firstly on behalf of my group , I should like to thank all the rapporteurs for their reports on the Structural Funds , and if I single out Mrs McCarthy and Mr Hatzidakis by name , then it is only because they have done the lion 's share of the work .
Otherwise , this solidarity that we all emphatically support will be a very one-sided burden .
The Structural Funds are not akin to a shop that is there to serve Member States .
Of course Europe should also play its part .
In this regard , I think that there is one important key idea .
I think that the Christian Socialists in the House are in future going to have to decide whether they really want to risk a red-green majority in Parliament by opposing proposals which make sense .
Mr President , Commissioner , I would like to look briefly at the main points .
My preference would be ECU 1 million , as we could easily accept that and arrange everything quite successfully .
On the other hand , we should not , via the back door , turn the Cohesion Fund into an unlimited instrument for redistributing income to all those Member States which are beneath a certain level of prosperity .
On the other hand , it must be carefully thought through , planned for the long term and as transparent as possible .
The IMF and the World Bank will help out with loans , but these must not be tied to structural adjustment measures .
I believe that it is essential , precisely in view of this kind of natural disaster , for the Union to give firm support to a rapid , worldwide reduction of CO2 emissions .
My final and very important point is this .
That is why we would request that you promote examples which can show how these new flexible models are to be implemented in smaller companies .
That is the only correct approach .
Commissioner , it is impossible to assess the extent to which rural areas could have flourished , how many jobs would have been created and preserved , how much agricultural spin-off development we could have initiated too .
I also support the constructive approach based on the principle of good professional practice .
Here too , the degressive intentions of the Commission meet with very little comprehension .
That is why you have to put it to the vote .
Firstly , on Objective 2 , we think it is inappropriate for unemployment to be the dominant criterion .
I must also apologise on behalf of several colleagues from my own group - who actually wanted to contribute to this debate - for their not being able to be here either , because they made alternative appointments some time ago .
This must be closed , but not exclusively by means of the measures now on the table .
You will also see , however , that the solidarity measures - the assistance - require unanimity to be approved and are not a binding stipulation ; in the Commission proposal this is only a 'may ' provision .
We say that the progress being made here is so minimal that we cannot pronounce ourselves satisfied with it .
None of us want that to happen .
If the word solidarity is not to be meaningless in the European Union , it is time for us to take action in pursuit of our common objectives .
They are living either below or on the poverty line .
It is typical of governments who are no longer trusted one hundred per cent by the population to employ a means of retaining power , and this is called restricting the freedom of the press .
That is completely unacceptable , and we need to do all we can to help those who are displaying any final remnant of freedom and of plurality in this country .
These are all quotations from this letter .
The United Kingdom and Germany , for example , are among them .
I think that this would be a practical test of Turkey 's ability to have closer relations with Europe .
Anti-Semitism is a form of racism which has done so much damage in Europe and further afield that we need to refute all such statements in the strongest possible terms .
That applies equally in economic crises and when times are good .
After I complained last time , the situation was rectified .
The Bavarian Minister of the Interior , Günther Beckstein , has proposed to you , Commissioner , that a central European office should be established to set these definite quotas and allocate them .
The latter legal base also means that this is no longer a joint action and would in principle need to be implemented in the form of a directive .
In the field of , 'visas , asylum , immigration and other policies related to free movement of persons' , the Council will act by a qualified majority in the foreseeable future .
I would therefore urge you to continue on the path which Parliament has already chosen , and also to delete Article 9 .
Mr President , today we are once again discussing suggestions for improvements in the fight against synthetic drugs .
As Mr Kittelmann so beautifully puts it in his report , and I quote : ' The volume of equity trading covered by liberalisation commitments alone represented USD 14.8 trillion in 1996 .
In my opinion the preservation of cultural diversity , laid down in Article 128( 4 ) , is in this case a more valuable asset .
The Commission must also state why it did not want to be monitored by a Permanent Advisory Committee on Books , as it actually wanted to ten years ago .
