calls back to their source .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , comitology is neither about an esoteric lore nor a new religion .
Since the management committee procedures often give the Council of Ministers the opportunity to outvote the Commission 's position , however , the creation of a political counterbalance at parliamentary level is a sensible move .
This is a question of guaranteeing consumers - the insured parties - the highest possible level of protection .
Capital is expensive , and the insurance undertakings would try or would be forced to balance out the costs incurred either by increasing premiums or rationalisation measures .
Admittedly , this is also a reminder that the proposed programme can only become effective when the constitutional position of Islam and its believers in the European Union has been established beyond that of a merely tolerated marginal existence , and towards a publicly recognised and guaranteed position .
But we in Europe have taken decades to achieve such freedom .
Let me stress emphatically that it is absolutely imperative to ensure that reforms take place .
Such a market economy must be embedded in a framework of social justice and environmental responsibility as we understand them .
This profound crisis of confidence has currently blocked all the political roads to democracy .
It is crucial to the future development of Russia that , under the new Prime Minister , a stable government is formed which enjoys the backing of Parliament .
In short , the issue today is about social and ecological regulation of the world economy as the common denominator in the enlightened self-interest of a Europe strengthened by the proper implementation of a single currency , and in the interests , which are forever being violated , of the peoples of this world , who are not prepared to be the pawns that are sacrificed in pursuit of capital accumulation .
We do not want to see the centre of power in the Russian State disintegrate and split up into a host of regional power bases .
Let me emphasise that the reasons for the Asian financial crisis are indeed manifold and that each country 's problem therefore has to be addressed in a different way .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , one of the Union 's major goals is greater stability in Europe .
Perhaps , to take up a point that was touched upon today by our State Secretary , we should also adopt a more resolute approach on the international stage .
We should not doubt his word but should encourage him to redeem these pledges , and for our part we must seek ways in which we can help to smooth his path towards these objectives .
However , the benefits of globalisation - better allocation of capital , cost-cutting , new means of hedging risks - must be weighed against the potential for instability in the finance markets .
In democracies , all economic data must be disclosed by governments , so the finance markets cannot be permitted to conceal such information .
May I ask someone from the Party of European Socialists to explain it ?
This agreement is therefore the means by which the Council and Parliament have performed the task of interpreting and implementing this principle as the Court enjoined them to do at that point in its judgment .
That is what I am now asking you to do .
( Heckling from Mr Schulz )
I should like to congratulate Mr McMillan-Scott on his report and to thank him for our close cooperation .
For example , there is the question why we have not yet put the financial part of the Customs Union into effect after all this time .
We made the mistake of putting faith in the promises made by Mrs Çiller , and the Turkish Grand National Assembly made the mistake of doubting the seriousness of our intent .
But it also applies to the KLA , which must realise that it too bears its share of responsibility and that its activities are certainly making it difficult for Europe to intervene .
But the Council talks and talks , with very little too show for it .
Sixty per cent of the 50 000 or 70 000 refugees trying to subsist in the open in the forests of Kosovo are children !
You too have made many appeals today .
But we should demand access by all possible means and under all possible circumstances .
Madam President-in-Office , Commissioner , all we can do here is talk .
That needs to be said quite clearly !
So let me repeat : unfortunately the Council is not competent to decide the interpretation of the provisions of an international - and I emphasise the word international - agreement to which Turkey is clearly not a contracting party .
Other points agreed were : the 40 tonne quota for transit through Switzerland , 120 000 journeys a year for the time being , then 300 000 from the year 2003 , and no restrictions from the year 2005 .
Mr President , Mrs Eriksson , I can only add a few theoretical comments on what the doctrine is in principle , but it has in fact never been applied and no provision is made for it in the Treaty .
In autumn last year , the federal minister presented a draft convention on trafficking to the UN General Assembly .
They can only be accused of infringing immigration provisions but not of having committed a crime .
And we are endeavouring to make the European Union 's role in the peace process more visible too , because the foundation stones for resolving the conflict remain - and I agree with you here - the principles of Madrid and Oslo , in particular 'land for peace ' , full implementation of the existing contractual provisions of the Israeli-Palestinian Interim Agreement and the relevant UN Security Council decisions