The construction sector is responsible for 40 % of the EU 's energy consumption and 35 % of its emissions .
I therefore call on the Commission and the Member States to use the Structural Funds to reclassify buildings in environmental and energy terms , with this financing used as a catalyst for private funding .
Furthermore , energy savings for energy efficient buildings average 30 % over conventional buildings .
These factors are increasingly decisive for the European public 's quality of life , and the competitiveness of our economy and social organisation .
Nevertheless , we still have some concerns regarding the stronger role for the Commission in evaluating national plans and inspection reports , as well as the adaptations to the Treaty of Lisbon , which focus more power on the Commission through the so-called 'delegated acts ' .
It is only through a common asylum policy and joint resettlement scheme that we can pursue a proper human rights policy in the EU.
The Commission will , therefore , be able to set the EU 's joint priorities regarding resettlement of people every year .
One of the 'eligible actions ' of the European Refugee Fund ( ERF ) is resettlement .
These funds are in response to the increased costs naturally incurred by the creation of mechanisms and structures , as well as the importance of guaranteeing conditions to ensure the greatest sustainability and quality of the refugee resettlement process .
The data-migration phase is the final task under the development mandate for the second generation Schengen Information System ( SIS II ) .
It also raises doubts about the lack of transparency in the way the process has been handled .
It is essential that the European Union has a fair and realistic migration policy .
I call on Member States to promote the creation of private funding mechanisms and more widespread public-private initiatives so as to underpin the European resettlement programme .
An effective EU resettlement programme must provide lasting protection and solutions , as well as the creation of mechanisms for cooperating and coordinating between the Member States .
Only 10 EU Member States , including Portugal , accept refugees for resettlement .
That is the only way to implement the renewed social agenda for opportunities , access and solidarity , and help to create more and better jobs .
In order for the coming generations to be able to overcome the current gap between acquired skills and the needs of the market , I therefore believe it to be essential for preschool teaching to be of high quality as an instrument for early acquisition of essential skills .
Having worked in government in the area of education in my country , I find it deeply regrettable to see it continually wrongly classified in practically all indicators relating to these subjects .
Education and training issues are clearly of the greatest significance , given the never-ending advances of science and technology , and the increasing incorporation of scientific and technical knowledge into productive processes .
Following the 2000 Lisbon Strategy , a series of initiatives has been implemented aimed at reaching the strategic goal set by the European Council of Europe 'becoming the most competitive and dynamic knowledge-based economy in the world by 2010' .
Good managers who are responsible and whose conduct is guided by ethics are central to the balanced decision-making process which leads companies to become competitive .
That is why I voted as I did .
The European Parliament also plays an essential role in the formulation , implementation , monitoring and evaluation of youth strategy .
I agree with combating the use of drugs , alcohol and tobacco and other forms of addiction , including gambling .
Nonetheless , the existence of different definitions of 'youth ' in the various Member States , as well as the fact that youth policy is covered by the principle of subsidiarity , show the problems involved in effectively implementing the instruments of youth policy .
Of these problems , we would stress the high rate of youth unemployment ; the difficulty of getting into the labour market ; low pay ; the inadequacy of formal training from schools and universities for the demands of working life ; and the difficulty of reconciling starting work , which is always difficult , with family life .
We also advocated the promotion of opportunities for lifelong learning .
We believe that this report takes the correct point of view in approaching young people 's problems as something that cuts across several sectors of society .
Some countries - including Portugal - have included a broad range of youth rights in their constitutions ; it is important for these to be implemented and not restricted .
Bearing in mind the need to repeal Directive 86/613/EEC on the application of the principle of equal treatment between men and women engaged in an activity in a self-employed capacity , this proposed amendment represents a significant step forward , for the situation of the spouses of self-employed workers too .
I welcome the adoption of this directive that establishes a framework for the application in the Member States of the principle of equal treatment between men and women engaged in a self-employed activity , or who contribute to carrying out such an activity .
That is why it is urgent to proceed towards reinforcing the protection of motherhood for self-employed women and ensure equal treatment for women who work for themselves , including their assisting spouses .
Minimum rules have been created under which , for the first time , the right to maternity benefit will be recognised at Union level , enabling work to be interrupted for at least 14 weeks .
I welcome the efforts that the European Parliament has been making to strengthen social justice and gender equality mechanisms in the European Union .
The Commission 's proposal seeks