the other hand , we cannot do that without ensuring that it is thoroughly investigated .
Hence , as I said in answer to Mr Spencer earlier , we are endeavouring to move things forward on the research front and to secure some of those results .
I am sorry that I cannot give a more precise answer at the present time , but I am not in a position to do so .
How far we are forward and when I shall be able to present any results , I am not able to say in the context of Question Time today .
I do not think my answer was particularly hesitant .
I pointed out that a proposal would be presented to the committee concerned to remove the sub-species Phalacrocorax carbo sinensis from the Directive .
So I think my answer gave a sufficient indication that we are looking at the problem and are putting the matter before the committees and authorities which will have to deal with it .
I have to say that I am not aware of the reaction pattern of the British Government on this matter , but I stress again that what I have said here today is that we will use the Directive on the Conservation of Wild Birds to ask the committee concerned whether this sub-species , Phalacrocorax carbo sinensis by name , not a particularly easy one to say , can be removed from Annex 1 , so that we can solve this problem which has been raised in various quarters .
I was of course not proposing that Annex 1 should be removed from the Bird Directive .
Of course it is not unusual that we are not able to discuss a matter because there is no common position .
We must do what we can to move things forward in the Council - there is a recommendation from the Commission on the matter - so that we can get to play a more active role .
So at least I can promise that , prompted by the questions raised in Parliament today , we will do what we can to avoid getting into such an unfortunate situation again .
It must be quite easy to answer .
That is in itself extremely unsatisfactory .
Does the Commissioner think it appropriate that the Commission should determine the common position of the fifteen Member States at a time when the NGOs were not yet in the picture and there was no possibility of taking into account the views of the NGOs , since the NGOs cannot be present at this preparatory meeting ?
I merely pointed out that there was a connection between the two questions and , in essence , I do not think the answer I gave to Mrs Sandbæk was all that much better than the one I gave to Mrs Rivera .
So I cannot of course say that there have been so and so many consultations , because there was no obligation to hold such formal consultations .
It is not so long ago that we had a discussion on financial support to the NGOs , in which we had the occasion to discuss the role of NGOs in the environmental field and in which I clearly stated my view that we should try to involve the NGOs actively in the work .
That also applies in this area , and I think there is much to show that we are pressing for an improvement here .
This means that there will be a positive effect if controlled sales of ivory are allowed .
It also has to do with human vanity , and this is quite a different matter .
But the issue it brings to our attention , and I hope the Commissioner will understand this , is that it is in fact quite unacceptable that we should postpone the ban so that it does not come into effect in 1998 .
There is an abundance of cosmetics on the market .
We can make do with those that are available .
We have ample opportunities .
As others have pointed out , it is wholly unacceptable that these decisions be taken by technical people .
Unfortunately this decision making process demonstrates all too clearly how strong the cosmetics lobby is in the European Community .
It is lamentable that the Commission should succumb to the lobbyists ' activities .
If we do so , the industry will simply think that we will do the same again next time and may in fact become indifferent .
Mr President , we have now heard the Commission 's very thorough report and it would now seem possible that there is not in fact anything for which the Commission is to be reproached , but at the same time I feel that this debate - and Mrs Roth-Behrendt has also touched on this - shows that we need to take the procedure contained in 3A into account and that we must ask ourselves what criteria must be taken as a basis for permitting modified plants in general .
It must also be recognised that it is equally absurd to develop plants which are resistant to a fairly specific herbicide when we know at the same time that the waste seed from the sowing process , which contains the resistant gene , cannot be eradicated , so growers are forced to use yet another spraying medium .
It is quite simply wholly unacceptable to grant permission for any use of modified plants of this type .
I therefore believe that , if people wish to engage in this modification exercise , they must establish whether it is possible to do so in such a way that it is viable , that it is seen as socially responsible , and not in such a way that the big firms , which make their living by selling herbicides , end up wasting more money than they have in the past