, in the person of its President , has always claimed that Europe should only draft legislation if it is necessary , if it adds something and if it cannot be done at national level , it has now tabled a proposal that tries to solve a problem in a number of ports in southern Europe by saddling all European ports with uniform rules ?
As a result of compulsory periodic tendering for operators , the people who work there could lose their jobs when the contract expires .
The Commission ’s two subsequent proposals did nothing of the kind .
Given the way in which this dossier was submitted and subsequently received by the sector , we have no choice but to reject it comprehensively and to ask the Commission to go back to the drawing board .
As responsible politicians , we are given the opportunity to put this House on the map once again and to make clear our refusal to go along with the of ever more competition , ever more privatisation and ever more liberalisation .
This proposal , however , is not equal to the task of standing up to existing problems without imposing excessively administrative and organisational burdens .
It should come as no surprise that the citizens in France and the Netherlands , as others will do elsewhere tomorrow , turn their backs on this kind of Europe .
This has been amply clarified by Members of this House , first among them Mr Jarzembowski , with whom , and on behalf of the Group of the European People’s Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats , I have tabled a proposal .
There are two ways of going about this .
When Community agreements are concluded , it is crucial that the European Community should consider three major factors .
Otherwise , we could end up with distortion of competition and there is also the risk of relocation , as a result of which European airline companies would move to states with less clear-cut rules .
The long and short of it was that it granted the general right to vote for all elections to everyone who happens to be on our territory more or less legally .
We have voted for the report , keeping in mind that some elements of the text were not appropriate to be considered in this report , including some elements of EU citizenship , the positive stance on the constitution of the EU , election of some MEPs on the basis of transnational lists , the proposal on the European tax , etc .
Firstly , we should diversify our supplies , our sources .
Given that most of the countries from which we get our energy are unstable , the more countries we can use as sources the better .
I am behind the Council’s decision not to delay any longer free access for sugar from the least developed countries under ‘Everything But Arms ’ .
Mr Fruteau was right to say that 40 million is unacceptable .
The farmers in the Member States are getting a raw deal , as are the farmers in the ACP countries .
What does it intend to do in the short term about this surplus of 2 millions tonnes of sugar ?     Madam President , Commissioner , the sugar reform , as it is currently before us , will be pernicious to poor developing countries and ACP countries that are now losing their access to the market or are given lower prices for their products .
This situation will get worse as the price drops , which will only benefit major producers and distributors .
Moreover , this reform invites a discussion about a general abolition of all export subsidies , as recently promised in Hong Kong .
They want alternative employment when their factories close down .
Accessing justice , as provided for in the Arhus Convention , entails that the public must have the option of bringing environmental decisions taken by the EU institutions before the European Court .
I can only regret that there is no room for a middle way , as a result of which NGOs would have the opportunity of having their say at times when it is really necessary , without there being the risk of numerous insignificant objections being lodged .
Clearly , the general interest of the environment cannot only be upheld by people who have a direct or personal interest , as the Convention provides .
The question has been raised as to whether European action in this field adds any value .
From 2015 , bathers will also be informed of the current bathing water quality at their bathing locations by means of symbols that will be identical across Europe .
I cannot quite describe the term myself , but I am sure that you can .
It is partly thanks to his efforts that we will be able to adopt the review of the bathing water directive .
To put it quite simply , the Dutch and French people have pronounced the Constitution dead ; having been rejected by two Member States , it is no longer an issue , and the sooner the European Union can admit this , the sooner we can start the necessary reforms : reducing EU interference in matters of national responsibility , stopping the money wasting and fraud in Europe and carrying out a real democratisation process in the EU.
Maybe this is food for thought .
That is also how competitiveness is strengthened and the European model of prosperity safeguarded .
I hope that this presidency , along with the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs which is set to report on this , will manage to put this on a surer foundation .
Secondly , I am delighted to hear that you would like to combine openness and protection in the services directive