we have pointed out that the present directive only deals with discrimination on the grounds of race or ethnic origin .
But what about all the other protective considerations listed in Article 13 of the Treaty ?
We would therefore especially draw attention to Amendment No 6 concerning a new consideration which is absolutely crucial for ourselves .
Mr President , I should like to express our support for Mr Varela' s report and , at the same time , thank the Chairman of the Committee on Fisheries for being so cooperative in the Committee .
Up until now , measures have consisted of reductions in quotas , minimum mesh sizes for nets and fishing bans in certain periods .
What is new is that the fisheries in which sand eel are caught off the north-east coast of England and the east coast of Scotland are to become protected areas .
Denmark is the Member State which will be most affected by this limitation , which will reduce many fishermen' s potential catches and , in that way , affect their livelihood .
I should like to ask the Commission if the fishermen have been compensated for their losses or been directed to other likely fishing grounds .
Because bird colonies are affected by many factors in addition to fishing , I wish to propose that the Committee on Fisheries be included in future discussions about closures or limitations on quotas against the background of what is happening on land .
What I want is for us to have the opportunity to look in depth at the different factors of relevance to bird colonies and , in that connection , to discuss the bird colonies ' influence on catch sizes in relation to the principle set out under the common fisheries policy whereby the fishing industry is to be safeguarded through the optimum exploitation of marine resources .
Madam President , I should like to say that this is a very great day for the Danes .
I am sorry that Mrs Banotti is not here , for I had promised to thank her personally if the bid were successful , but I hope you can pass on to her what I have said .
A small country was successfully taken into account , even if it did take a hell of a long time for this to happen . '
Madam Chairman , what I want to speak about is the framework agreement between the Commission and Parliament which was approved by the Conference of Presidents last Thursday .
It ought to be read and discussed among the Members before it is signed .
You will remember that , towards the end of the negotiations , Mr Prodi agreed that the word 'institutions ' in the text should be changed to 'the Council and the Commission ' , so that it will be possible , upon the President ' s intervention , for documents which are issued by the Commission to recipients outside the Council and the Commission also to be issued to MEPs .
I have two criticisms of the framework agreement .
It does not solve those problems typically faced by MEPs .
It is a humiliating situation when students are sent documents to which we ourselves do not have access .
We are then asked by journalists if we can comment on this , but we do not even have access to the document .
( The President cut the speaker off )
Mr President , I should like to begin by thanking Commissioner Byrne , something which has not been done today , for I do in fact think that it is a good proposal that the Commission has come up with , a proposal which I should really like to have voted for without changes .
I find it sad that there are MEPs who are trying to weaken the Commission ' s proposal .
In my opinion , this is a ridiculous discussion .
The legal services have agreed that the legal base is in order , and I must say , as a lawyer , that I am rather embarrassed about the fact that the majority of members of the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market are so unqualified and frivolous and completely confuse the law with their own political wishes .
On the question of when the proposed legislation is to come into effect , I would say that I do not think that there is any argument , either technological or industrial , in favour of postponing the date when the lower limit values are to come into force .
In my opinion , what is at issue here is an unnecessary impairment of public health .
Under those conditions , I simply do not think that we can allow ourselves to export more cigarettes which are a danger to health .
I hope that , in the voting tomorrow too , we shall arrive at a result here in Parliament which does not significantly weaken the Commission ' s proposal .
Mr President , first of all , I too should like to thank Mrs McKenna for the work she has done on this matter as rapporteur .
It is destruction which spreads far and wide .
Sometimes , the pollution occurs by accident , sometimes through indefensible conduct and , at other times , through the deliberate actions of a variety of individuals and companies .
But , however it has occurred , the damage to animal life and the environment is equally disastrous and , very often , it of course cuts across national borders .
I therefore think it is important that , by means of this proposal , we create the basis for close cooperation between the Member States , with a good information and warning system and with a guarantee of mutual assistance when needed , so that harmful spillages can be prevented or combated effectively