agricultural policy .
I also want to thank him for all his work and cooperation with us during his time in this House .
There is no doubt that the 1992 reform , which was based on historical production rates , created a sharp difference in aid throughout Europe , particularly between rich Europe and poor Europe .
What Mr Jové Peres says in his report is extremely important .
The promotion of products as indicated in the Fantuzzi report is extremely important .
This means that less than 10 % of the cake will continue to be distributed to more than 90 % of those actually working the land .
It is clear that one of the reasons for the grave crisis which has affected and which is continuing to affect this sector has been the Commission 's refusal to establish market regulation and intervention mechanisms .
The rejection of these amendments is the reason why I and my group voted against this report .
Finally , you will understand if I again express unanswered concerns about social justice and economic cohesion .
In accordance with its well-established practice , the Commission was in favour of the social partners establishing these rules themselves .
No opinion was approved and the procedural page of the report states that the committee 'decided not to deliver an opinion ' .
We voted on the monitoring of marine biotoxins and roll-over stability , which are technical reports whose importance I do not deny , but we passed over the report on 'modernising the organisation of work - a positive approach to change ' .
This body carried out a major survey in 1991 and defined the following three models of participation : participation as a productive force , participation as a democratic force and participation as a set of positive forces .
However , I note with regret that the majority of the most important amendments proposed by Parliament have not at this stage been adopted by the Council .
This aid must not be used for more armoured cars , more weapons of destruction , more mines and more potential wars which simply decimate the defenceless civilian populations , thereby constantly attacking the human rights which we are trying to defend .
I must also make a final political point on the following issue .
The German Presidency is stressing and supporting what it calls good governance and the process of democratisation which is being implemented in Indonesia .
These aim to reinforce the coordination , efficiency , transparency , rigour and control of the implementation of an instrument which is fundamental to the future development of the countries with which the European Union is aiming to strengthen its links , namely the developing countries and third countries .
In particular this participation of new partners will not be subject to any discrimination and in fact , on the contrary , will respect full and total pluralism in political , religious and social terms .
The problem is that some waste still needs to be incinerated and the use of existing installations is only permitted if there is an absolute guarantee that human health is not at risk .
The following amendments , for example , must also be applauded : Amendment No 25 which deletes the provision that continuous measuring may be authorised instead of periodic measurements , and Amendment No 30 which specifies a more stringent requirement in Article 12 on the provision of information to the public on possible damage .
And if this reduction leads to more restrictive conditions , structural resources could be even more limited .
Thirdly , no provision has been made for any special mechanism to assist the adjustment of weaker and more vulnerable economies to enlargement - my own country , for example .
It is impossible to carry out any modernisation in a region like ours without increasing irrigation .
To this end , we have also tabled a further amendment calling for the creation of mechanisms to limit the damage suffered by Portuguese producers .
Mr President , this report demonstrates that it is possible , if the political will exists , and without modifying the existing Treaty , to reform the way the Commission functions so as to make it a genuine vehicle for political impetus in building Europe and an institution independent of governments and vested interests .
I am delighted that the rapporteur has accepted my proposal on that latter point , as this is an aspect I disagree with .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I rise to make some general comments on enlarging the Union to include new countries with which we are conducting membership negotiations .
We should therefore cooperate in their development so that we can continue along the path of eastward enlargement , extending the route to Santiago de Compostela onward to Moscow and the Urals , a dream that could come true in 20 or 30 years ' time .
The rapporteur 's acquiescence in proposing that finalising computerisation of the Transit system should be delayed until 30 June 2003 reflects very badly on the apparent value of the results obtained up to now in this area .
At the same time , the creation of a new international legal order with appropriate means for 'humanitarian intervention ' is coming up against the implacable opposition of the major powers , including the United States , with regard to reforming the UN , and the opposition of the United States , Russia , France and China to the compulsory jurisdiction of the International Criminal Court .
That is why I have to say that - as has already been demonstrated - the solution was not to enlarge NATO eastwards , but rather to enlarge the EU and adopt a policy of association and economic support which would promote economic and political integration and combat irredentist nationalism .
