It is expected to start officially before the end of the month , as soon as the outstanding issues I mentioned have been taken care of .
The end of the operation will depend on when the basic objective is achieved .
I do not want to bore you with the details ; however , I would simply like to mention that it has been decided that the operation in FYROM will be carried out using NATO assets and capabilities ; consequently , the planning will be as decided in Nice .
As I said , France has been elected as the framework nation for the operation and will have the lead role in directing the operation .
And now that it has come of age , the crisis management mechanism built up over the last four years can be implemented .
My thanks to the honourable Members for their comments and opinions .
I should like to address Mr Brok , whose comments I have taken on board , and assure him that we shall examine every possibility under the provisions of the Treaty for more efficient and more appropriate briefings to Parliament and of course , for responsible briefings to the citizens of Europe via Parliament .
I think this shows that our common foreign policy has come of age , in this region at least , and will be important as we develop it further .
I should also like to say something in my capacity as Greek Minister for Foreign Affairs .
I quite agree and would like to say that we are ready and willing to continue and step up negotiations with the other side , in order to satisfy sensitivities on both sides and find a solution which , as I said , satisfies both sides .
More importantly , there has been a spectacular improvement in bilateral relations between Greece and the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia over recent years .
We invest more than anyone else in FYROM and we have consistently supported its territorial integrity , prosperity and progress towards Europe during every difficult stage it has been through over recent months and years .
I should also like to point out , in response to Mr Swoboda , that luckily an example is being set in the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia of proper cooperation between the institutions of the European Union .
I have taken Mr Laschet 's comments on the parliamentary assembly of the Western European Union on board .
However , we have every faith in the efficacy of our agreed procedures and the fact that this first operation will be carried out using NATO assets and capabilities has helped to speed up the decision taking , as has the fact that one Member State - France - has been selected as the framework nation , thereby safeguarding the unity and command structure of the operation .
This being the case , and given the assessments made so far , we consider the risk to be relatively low .
On that note , Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I should like to thank you for listening .
It concerns relations between the European Union and the United States , where a legislative solution is required , as Commissioner Patten said , and where the Council needs to be involved in any such legislative solution .
He disappeared for five hours because he was being interrogated by the FBI .
The United States are allowed to access data systems , passenger files recording the date the seat was booked , the travel agency , ticketing information , credit card number and expiry date , itinerary , previous files on the passenger containing details of previous trips , religious or ethnic information based on their choice of meal etc. , who they accompanied , where they stayed , how they communicated with other people and their medical data , as well as frequent flyer programmes , which also contain a wealth of data .
And where does this leave the European Union ?
The European Parliament calls on the Commission in its motions - and the Commissioner said nothing about this - to put an end to this , pending harmonisation with the laws of the European Union .
Sensitive personal data on citizens of the European Union can be transferred to the authorities in the United States , with no guarantees whatsoever , and our citizens are clearly concerned about this .
For example , as we have seen in the case of Iraq , numerous European countries are now at the point where they have more in common with powers such as China and Russia than with the United States , with which we basically share the same values .
In all events , what I want to see is this problem resolved as quickly as possible in a way that is , first , legally correct and , secondly , legally secure with respect to the rights of the citizens of the European Union .
I think that this approach , Mr President , is far preferable to the immediate suspension of the interim agreement between the Commission and the American authorities that several political groups have called for in their proposed amendment .
The details of the integration of Kosovo into the Stability and Association Process will likewise need to be dealt with in full compliance with Resolution 1244 and within the context of the standards before status policy .
As far as your first question is concerned , as I said , discussions have not yet opened on the final status of Kosovo , Of course , various groups could be set up if necessary , as you suggest .
It is Security Council Resolution 1244 .
That is why we talk of standards before status .
As soon as the Council reaches a decision on signing the agreement and , once