trading will be done on the stock market and stock exchange activity always involves speculation .
Then industry in the Member States might fall victim to the mechanism proposed by the United States of America , in which US industry is not involved and profits and losses depend crucially on the first administrative allocation of emission allowances .
Many Members , however , will vote in favour of the compromise amendments , because they are better than Parliament 's report .
It has been said several times here that after the first reading it was difficult to believe that we would get this far , that we would have a directive on emissions trading available to us whose content is sensible and rational in a way that makes it possible to be accepted from very different points of view .
I wish to stress , however , that these last minute discussions and negotiations resulted in the unreasonable proposals that seemed to be included , such as a ceiling on national emission allowances , being taken out .
Moreover , the fact that auctioning is to be voluntary is excellent .
In conclusion , my congratulations go to the rapporteur and all the others involved .
Mr President , it is hard to imagine any other report that would have so great an impact on the state of things in Europe and about which the decision-makers know so little .
When two or three years ago we had the Commission proposal before us , it started to become clear how enormous the gaps were in the proposal upon which we had been building a European strategy for the economy , competition and the environment .
Much has been done to put things right , but whether or not we succeeded remains to be seen .
The 'trendline cap ' problem in Trilog was solved with a formulation proposed by the Commission that allows Member States to approach the Kyoto targets along their own paths .
That of course is our real problem .
We need , rather , to establish EU rules concerning how converting the emission allowance credits earned from project-based mechanisms into marketable emission allowances can take place without the climate change imperative being compromised .
Combined heat and power production and process emissions posed a special problem in connection with emissions trading .
Member States can take the potential for a reduction in process emissions into account , which in practice means that the best European steel factories can earn their full emission allowance quotas and they will not have to bear additional costs in a world steel market that has been fiercely competitive .
That means the risk of carbon leaks will diminish and there really will be an increased chance of preventing climate change .
Mr President , the report before us on the conciliation procedure with regard to the 2004 budget presents a good picture of Parliament 's main areas of focus .
Because each Member State has to be able to participate in decision-making affecting itself , the budget for the enlarged Union cannot be finalised until after enlargement .
The budget has also now been clearly presented as an activity-based one .
It will increase the budget 's information value and facilitate its monitoring .
This system , however , should be improved , for example by including all administrative expenditure in the budget for each policy area , as the report points out .
They represent just 0.99 % of the Gross National Income of the Member States , which is the lowest they have been for 17 years .
If we want to achieve a balance in EU budget policy , commitments and payments have to be balanced .
As I mentioned earlier on , outstanding commitments stood at EUR 126 billion in April , which was an increase of over EUR 15 billion in one year .
These outstanding commitments were especially evident in the Structural Funds where they stood at EUR 94 billion , which is to say the amount for appropriations for almost three years .
At the start of the present programming period the N+2 rule was approved .
A project can be kept alive in this way from one year to the next by means of small advance payments , even though the project itself might not have even begun to be implemented .
Mr President , many of my colleagues have shunned the idea of including environmental targets in the criteria for public procurement .
This effect , which comes from the supply side also , however , needs support from the demand side , and it is precisely public procurement that can have an impact on that when it can be shown that there are grounds for including environmental criteria in an invitation to tender .
The so-called Helsinki case , on which the European Court of Justice has given a decision , highlights an important point .
In that case it should not just protect the public 's financial interests but one also has to think , for example , about protecting the health of the general public .
We met the Russian , Ingushetian and Chechnyan leaders and members of their governments .
Firstly , I wish to raise the matter of Russia 's change of strategy .
It is no longer pursuing a military solution but a political one .
Secondly , it is obvious that all parties are tired of war and want peace .
It is to be feared that after the elections the situation may go back to what it was before .
On the road to peace it is vital that Russia should convict war criminals and that the army should withdraw .
Observations have been made from several sources that combat action on the part of the Russian army has already diminished in the region over the last six months .
