The food crises in Africa – as you are very well aware – are complex phenomena that are the result of several factors : the climate , demographics , the state of health of the populations – one only has to think , for example , of the disastrous effects of AIDS in southern Africa as a result of lower physical resistance – political governance and economic governance .
Alongside the dialogue , these seminars also make it possible to raise the awareness of certain major players in Chinese civil society .
Unfortunately , the recent events in Tunisia show us that it is difficult to progress along that road .
The law , however , requires the two political prisoners to sign a declaration announcing that they will cease all future political activities detrimental to the Syrian State .
What happened ?
No, it is worse regulation and we do not want it .
He has to make proposals so that Europe moves forward and , for the time being , Europe is not moving forward , and it is because of this Presidency .     .
Secondly , we should take a number of significant political initiatives on major issues of civilisation .
On that issue , we will denounce any withdrawal or climb-down from Mr Chirac and the French Government regarding the CAP.
The text strikes a balance between an approach sensitive to risk and one that is sensitive to real challenges in terms of competition , whether within or outside the Europe Union .
Let us not listen too hard , therefore , to what the markets have to say and let us do our job as legislator .
Secondly , the dialogue with the financial stakeholders can be conducted in complete transparency and to everyone’s satisfaction .     Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I would like first of all to congratulate Mr Radwan on the quality of his report in a field that is very technical , but crucial for banking .
On the contrary , it grants the Member States too many possible derogations and exceptions .
You will be filled with shame , as I was .
For our part , we want two things to happen .
You are giving the rubber stamp to fraud and counterfeiting .
European producers , however , consider these control standards to be insufficient .
As political men and women , we know that we often have to water down our wine , but please , not the wine that we drink .
While we too wish for it to be finalised , it is for the reasons that I am going to expand on .
It has been said that he did not do so .
That is why I wanted my report to contribute to finding answers to the questions raised .
For my part , I would like to focus more particularly on one of the points raised in Mr Guellec’s report , but which also affects Mr Marques’s report , as Mr Guellec has examined the role of urban centres and the surrounding areas .
Finally , Mr Marques , I have already mentioned the respect I have for your report , and the support that we give it .
The latest enlargement also confirms the urgent nature of this .
Let me remind you of some obvious examples .
What place is given to standardisation ?
With regard to foot-and-mouth disease , similar provisions have already been put in place .
I think that is all I can say , given that the best of regulations cannot cover all specific situations and that such situations need to be assessed case by case , on the basis of all the elements .
To put it simply , you can notify me by letter of the Member State to which you are referring , and I will make every effort to check whether , in this instance , the Member State has indeed set up the body responsible for monitoring the application of the provisions in question .     .
I think that this proposal can now be adopted fairly rapidly , in November .
I think that we certainly still have a lot of work to do in this field , but we have already taken a big step forward and I will tell you quite plainly that I am not one of those who will allow competition to become established outside a precise and effective regulatory framework regarding safety .     .
The strategy launched in Lisbon recognised their significance in this respect .
I now turn , Mr President , to the measures that we are recommending in more detail : firstly , a proposal for a directive on the certification of train crews operating locomotives and trains .
The proposal therefore provides for the possibility of passengers being picked up and set down all along an international route , including between two stations in the same Member State , while at the same time safeguarding the balance of public-service contracts .
The third component of the proposal is a modern system of civil liability , comparable to that in other transport sectors and based on a system of compulsory insurance .
It goes without saying that I will be listening very carefully to what they , and all of the speakers , have to say during the course of this debate .
I would add in respect of my own report that it is quite exemplary and I hope that the message that we in Parliament send out tomorrow will be equally so .
I should now like to make a few final comments on the other texts .
Until we have settled this point rail will decline , as it is declining today for open freight .     – Mr President , Commissioner , other colleagues from my group will be taking the floor