what do we mean by the words 'healthy and clean' ?
I take the principle of caution seriously and adopt the latter possible interpretation .
The Commission clearly has a different understanding .
This is particularly the case , as already mentioned , for the limit values for the two substances trichlorethene and perchlorethene .
This is despite the fact that the Commission 's own scientific advisory committee has said that trichlorethene is probably carcinogenic , which now also appears to be the view of the WHO 's cancer research centre .
The legal basis is quite correctly Article 130s , but at the same time Article 13 lays down that it is not possible to ban or limit the importation of water or foodstuffs that include water , provided that these fulfil the minimum requirements .
How can this be harmonized with the legal basis of the directive which provides the possibility for setting up tighter national conditions ?
This abnormality needs to be removed from the directive .
I was very pleased to read in the Danish press that the Environment Commissioner is intent on re-instating the total limit value ; this I would most definitely have approved here this afternoon .
Mr President , with respect to Rule 108 of the Rules of Procedure , I would like to make a personal comment .
This service has now been withdrawn because we are told that the bus spoils the surroundings .
I really hope you will be able to take the necessary action to secure this .
Mr President , I should also like to congratulate you on your election , on behalf of my colleagues in the Group of Independents for a Europe of Nations .
I also promise my support for cleaning up the allowances and travel expenses and for creating democracy and fairness within Parliament itself , including a much-needed reform of the d'Hondt system , so that the two large groups - the PPE and PSE Groups - can have exactly the quota of chairman and vicechairman posts corresponding to their membership , and so that the quota of posts to which the small groups together are entitled are actually given to the small groups , which can then distribute this amongst themselves .
The procedure of creating such small quotas under the d'Hondt system that the smaller groups are left with nothing is deeply undemocratic , and I hope that you , with your background of taking part in the campaign against the lack of democracy in Spain , will be the person who can carry through democracy and fair rules in relation to the larger groups .
Today , unfortunately , the fact is that you were not elected simply because of your personal qualities .
It is a method familiar to us from the business world , under the term 'holding company ' .
The holding company model has no place in an assembly elected by the people , and I would hope that next time we shall have a different , democratic method of election , so that you , for instance , can also be elected in the light of your personal qualities .
Welcome to the job of President of Parliament , however .
What have we achieved on this ?
With regard to bringing the Union closer to its citizens , there is a statement on extending the acquis communautaire .
Not one decision is being given back to the Member States , something which Mr Santer has repeatedly said would be desirable , however .
On democracy , there is to be codecision in a number of areas which we do not yet know about , but less parliamentary democracy overall , because more powers are being given to the EU.
On enlargement , it can presumably be expected that a few wealthy Central and Eastern European countries or the richest among them will be able to join in 2005 , but there is no mention of speeding up enlargement to include them all .
So that is a real step backwards .
On the contrary , we are getting everything we do not want : Union citizenship , police , armed forces , a single currency and resources for a federal state , and it will hardly surprise you , Mr President , that I am unable to support that .
Mr President , the Conciliation Committee and Mrs Roth-Behrendt in particular deserve great praise for having removed the exemption from compulsory labelling for products which contain or consist of GMOs , where the genetic modification has been carried out only for agronomic reasons .
They have the right to make a qualified choice , and this has been achieved to some extent through the conciliation text - but not to such an extent , unfortunately , that we can now talk about a responsible consumer policy .
It should include all types of products , and also indicate the manufacturing process .
For example , I would not wish to buy , under any circumstances , a foodstuff manufactured from a product to which a gene has been added making it resistant to ' Round Up' , let us say .
When the day comes that there are such high concentrations of ' Round Up' in our drinking water that we want to prohibit or limit its use , it will be virtually economically impossible for us to do so , simply because we shall then also no longer be able to use the genetically modified plants .
So any genetically modified products which are already being marketed fall outside the scope of the regulation .
That is precisely what is happening with this conciliation text .
It will thus be decided in closed committee meetings when a product manufactured from GMOs differs to a substantial degree from the conventional product , and how and whether these products should be labelled