For our part , as well as sitting in the Committee on Economic Affairs where the report was seen as highly controversial and only passed by a wafer-thin majority , we have tabled amendments that we would like to see approved , not because they change the report or do anything radically to alter its macro-economic approach but because they would at least alleviate some of its harmful effects .
Yes , we should be aware of the dangers of the economy sliding off the rails , whether they come from outside or inside the European Union .
We need to make a collective effort , involving both sides of industry to coordinate wage policies and involving the governments of the Member States to speed up the necessary structural reforms and to move beyond their existing stability programmes , in which the budgetary control targets are minimal but nonetheless tend towards a balanced budget , or even a surplus by the year 2002 at the latest .
Growth , employment and stability are the buzzwords in political debate today .
This has occurred because the nominal convergence demanded by the Maastricht Treaty for entering the euro - achieving an historically low level of inflation and interest rates and an improvement in the budgetary balance - did not jeopardise economic growth rates : 2.7 % in 1997 and 2.9 % in 1998 .
In paragraphs 25 and 26 of his report , the rapporteur stresses the desirability of performing 'an analysis with a view to a harmonised and consistent definition of public investment throughout the European Union ' since 'rises therein may entail a reorganisation of public spending ' .
This is something to be borne in mind when we consider a suggested 'new ' resource , a tax on carbon dioxide emissions .
We welcome the fact that recognition has been given to the need for the nominated cities 'to ensure the mobilisation and participation of large sections of the population' , and also the recommendation that the nominated cities should be able and obliged to include surrounding regions in their programmes .
Lehne report ( A4-0098/99 ) In these times of lack of ambition and any sense of responsibility , we should rejoice at certain aspects of the resolution that we have just voted on in the European Parliament .
These are major points which should have been resolved or clarified .
We must have a trading policy commensurate with the European Union 's importance in the world .
And the reason they are not strong is the current Zeitgeist : an extreme centre under which everyone is equal , the parties are all stealing each others ' clothes , we all speak the same language and there is no ideology to speak of .
Madam President , as we see it , the Commission 's resignation was the only conceivable outcome , particularly in the light of the report by the Committee of Independent Experts , which basically clarified and confirmed the reasons that led many of us to vote for the motion of censure - which some people claimed was a vote of confidence - back in January .
On the one hand , there is a lack of transparency , with absurdly secretive management of instruments and public funds , which inevitably leads to irregularities , favouritism and fraud .
Lastly , I would like to mention that financial matters also feature on the agenda of the Berlin Council .
But it should also be more responsible about the way it operates and controls its affairs , ridding itself of negligence and demagoguery and avoiding a scapegoat culture .
But acting swiftly does not mean acting with undue haste .
Mr President , the epicentre of this crisis is not Brussels - its origins lie in every single capital of the fifteen Member States .
Mr President , the uncompromising final paragraph of the conclusions of the report is undoubtedly controversial .
Nevertheless , we are open to other reasonable solutions .
But we cannot perpetuate exceptional arrangements .
The Council has also been tardy in taking all the decisions necessary for the changeover to the definitive VAT system , which is supposed to come into force as from 1 January 2000 .
However , the scope for applying reduced rates will have to be reviewed in the near future , because of the distortions in competition it causes between certain geographical areas and between certain products and services , whether it be between Belgium and Austria or between Portugal and Spain .
If we are to deal with all these issues at global level it is vital to have a world organisation capable of formulating rules governing universal conduct that will be respected and complied with once they have been accepted .
First , in the field of peace and security the UN needs to be given effective means of action and these actions should be legitimised by a clear right and duty to intervene .
For this reason it is becoming necessary to steer globalisation on a more controlled course .
For the reasons that I have presented briefly here and have developed at greater length in my report , together with the generally helpful amendments tabled by honourable Members , I ask you to vote for this resolution .
We need to ensure that investigations at the external borders of the EU are effective and to investigate the main routes used for illegal activities .
Crime has nowadays become more refined , so I believe that the multi-disciplinary force proposed in the report is an extremely commendable idea .
I just want to say that I share the Commission 's disappointment about this reform , expressed at its first plenary meeting after the Berlin summit .
With regard to this 1999-2000 price package , it is clear to everyone that this has no role to play in defining