, which is crucial .
Let me speak for a moment on behalf of the Presidency and not as a representative of the Council .
The Commissioner also provided a certain amount of information in that regard .
Nevertheless , the holding of democratic elections will not automatically guarantee that the democratisation process is completely successful .
We spoke yesterday about the problem of drugs in Afghanistan .
There is a real risk in that country that Islamic fundamentalism will spread further and further within the population .
Next , the stakes in relation to human rights and fundamental freedoms constitute another crucial aspect of the current situation .
These countries are very diverse ; the economic situation in a country like Kyrgyzstan is very different from that in a country like Kazakhstan , which could potentially be one of the richer States .
Mr President , my considerations lead me first of all to remember our achievements .
I am sure you know that I could continue listing examples .
In contrast , when it results in the overturning of traditional reference points , as we have experienced in particular with regard to globalisation , it is quite another matter !
Faced with these powerful centres of development , how can we overcome the risks of a decline that no one would be able to stem individually ?
The people of Luxembourg are , in view of their particular sociological features , ‘condemned’ , so to speak , to be open to others .
On the other hand , the regulatory and professional bodies have expressed a number of concerns regarding the future of certain occupations and the quality of training given in some countries , in particular with regard to public health .
That is why , while welcoming the efforts of Mr Cercas and of the Socialist Group in the European Parliament to push back the ultraliberalism with which the directive is stamped , I have abstained .     .
It will , however , have to ensure a high level of health and safety protection for workers , offer businesses greater flexibility in how they manage working time , and allow greater reconciliation of work and family life .
Unlike them , we did not see the battlefields , because we did not have to cross them with our souls , and very often our bodies , carrying the weight of death .
By this , though , I mean the defeat of fascism and of National Socialism , as well as the end of democratic capitulation in the face of the terrible events that had taken place since 1933 .
The Baltic States , whose arrival into Europe I should like to welcome and to whom I should like to point out how proud we are to have them amongst us , were forcibly integrated into a group that was not their own .
It sought to divide it into two parts which very often stood glaring at each other and between which we have all too often been unable to build bridges .
I recall the words of Victor Hugo who , in 1949 , wrote : ‘A day will come in Europe when the only field of battle will be minds opening up to ideas ; a day will come in Europe when the bullets and the bombs will be replaced by votes . ’ Let us take pride in having achieved that today .
We then continued to commit massacres which were beyond compare , but which were nonetheless comparably lethal and cruel .
We have to talk to the Chinese , but we have to talk about the way in which the Chinese people are oppressed .
That is your political family , members of the Group of the European People’s Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats !
Thank God !
Mr President , with regard to the situation of graduate teachers in the United States , I can answer Mr Evans by saying that the Council is not acquainted with the situation outlined in his question .
From this perspective , the European Union has undertaken to examine measures capable of ending the isolation of the Turkish Cypriot community and of facilitating the reunification of Cyprus by encouraging economic development within the Turkish Cypriot community .
That requires coherent policies to promote development , which is a fundamental factor in our approach to cooperation and development .
The Council has noted your point and will do what I have just said .     .
I do not need to remind you about the debates that we have just held on the end of the Second World War and on the suffering incurred by the Roma people .
I believe that it is a question of using the Community instruments that I mentioned previously to encourage and to lead Member States to treat the social integration of Roma minorities in this way .     .
On the issue of storage , I have already told you that consultations are taking place between experts to find a better means of safeguarding the storage of nuclear waste .
The Council would like to point out to the Member that it considers that the Convention concerning Jurisdiction , Applicable Law , Recognition , Enforcement and Cooperation in respect of Parental Responsibility and Measures for the Protection of Children concluded at the Hague on 19 October 1996 , is a valuable contribution to the protection of children at international level , and it is therefore to be hoped that these provisions will be applied without delay .
I am unable to provide you with any further information , since the task of the working group is precisely that of defining the other structural measures that may form the subject of these measures in the third subparagraph of Article 159 .     The European Union is carefully monitoring and applying the peace process in Burundi