It was in 1975 that the Fruit Juice Directive first introduced consumers to the designation 'fruit juice ' or reinforced it , and consumers have got used to it .
I also believe that we should be careful when deciding on the details of labels , so that we do not , through the sheer compulsion to regulate - as for example with fruit juices , where , however , we have now reached a compromise - end up leading the consumer astray with duplicated explanations and elucidations .
We then adopted a legislative resolution rejecting the Commission proposal .
The second call in item 4 is a call for the Commission to reflect .
I rejected the Evans report because I am not in favour of renationalising competition policy in Europe .
Mr President , neither BSE nor foot-and-mouth are British diseases ; they are a European problem .
With new outbreaks occurring , I again call on the Commission and the Council to favour vaccination rather than slaughter .
That is why we need the International Tribunal to have a large Cambodian contingent , so that it is seen not as a foreign court but as a court of the Cambodian people .
I feel that the European Union should also use the coming International Year of Mountains as an opportunity to express the specific concerns of mountain regions and recognise mountain regions as indispensable habitats .
The forthcoming International Year of Mountains is an ideal time , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , to discuss the specifics of tomorrow 's proposal .
I think it is important for Europe to take a stance now and for the Commission to present a communication as quickly as possible , setting out a really clear definition , taking account of criteria such as altitude , gradient and the vegetation which has been cut down so that we can really address the various problems throughout Europe , and proposing appropriate concepts for strategies and development mechanisms .
It also points out that the viability of the countryside in mountain regions goes far beyond agriculture and depends on a multitude of factors .
The Commission will organise a seminar in the second half of the year at Commissioner Barnier 's and my initiative , the purpose of which will be to present and advertise the opportunities which Community policy offers mountain regions .
There are depressing educational deficits here and women and children are deprived of even the most rudimentary basic education .
The Commission has also decided to put development policy , especially the education and health sectors , at the top of its agenda in 2002 .
It is also promoting the objectives of education for all in its negotiations on the ACP countries ' strategies for the ninth EDF.
On behalf of my group I would like to say that it is in our interest for America to retain its ability to act and to be strong , and for America to remain a good partner and friend to the European Union , and we should work together towards this goal in future .
I believe there is room for improvement here .
We want to put the necessary resources at Europol 's disposal to enable it to be truly operationally effective .
In Germany , the Christian Democratic parties - the CDU and CSU - feel , in any case , that we have obligations towards the Americans in our joint resistance to terrorism , too .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the European Union has up to this moment been more vulnerable in every respect than the USA , and will remain so for as long as cooperation between Member States in both the legal and operational aspects of counter-terrorism is not optimised .
Terrorism is taking on the dimensions of a war and resulting in destruction the like of which we knew only in wartime ; it is this terrorism that is in a position to strike in the same way at Brussels today , London tomorrow and Madrid the day after tomorrow !
We must keep an eye on this situation .
The second report on cohesion contains some good proposals , but it perpetuates many of the cohesion policy 's errors and is no radical programme of reform .
This means that other measures , even other projects , must be deliberately chosen , something which can , of course , only be done in collaboration with the Member States .
Perhaps , Mr Jarzembowski , the PPE-DE Group would like to join in next time , then we should almost make up a majority !
So one takes a look to see what criterion fits the region .
The success of this will depend on making certain changes which would have been required even without enlargement .
One per cent of all we are prepared to commit , that is supposed to be paid out !
Mr President , it is intolerable that people should embark on another debate when the speaking time has expired and the Commissioner has spoken .
That is why we believe that some of the points raised in the report need to be amended by the plenary .
The EU is helping with DAPHNE.
A public debate on this issue is needed to raise awareness both in the EU and in the developing countries and spare future generations of women this dreadful mutilation .
The debate has been a long time coming , for the question which has always arisen is this : is this House the right forum for this debate ?
Tasks must be assigned effectively to the most appropriate levels ; this will also increase the desire to take action and ensure that this difficult issue is taken seriously .
Ms Diamantopoulou , we firmly expect the Commission to submit a Green Paper next year on the issue