health and the environment .
We are seeing young girls reach puberty at the age of ten or eleven .
New forms of cancer are appearing .
Many of these things are due to the chemicals that we are surrounded by .
However , if we know that there are chemicals that have extremely harmful effects , and we also know that there are alternatives to many of these chemicals , it goes without saying that we must replace the dangerous ones with the safe alternatives .
The most important thing for us , therefore - and we seem to have achieved it to some extent with this compromise - was to get the dangerous substances replaced by safe alternatives .
We also insisted that if we allow a centralised process for approval , which may be a sensible thing to do , as it may , among other things , reduce bureaucracy , the individual countries must have the opportunity to say 'no ' if there are special circumstances in a particular country that make it necessary to prohibit or to impose restrictions on a chemical in that country .
We also said that it is not only a matter of which substances are placed on the market , but also of how they are used .
Finally , we insisted on there being as few animal experiments as possible .
This was another of our objectives that we believe we have succeeded in achieving .
In contrast to the previous speaker , I would like to emphasise that what we are primarily asking for in our report is not more money , but for the EU to avoid disorder and chaos .
This concerns paragraph 4 of the current interinstitutional agreement and also Articles 311 and 312 of the treaty .
Galileo , the food facility and the European Economic Recovery Plan have also been mentioned .
It was you - in the Commission and the Council .
I have to say that the aversion on the part of the Council and the Commission to the necessary revision of the financial framework stands in stark contrast to the fact that you are always coming up with new proposals and demanding new resources yourselves , for example , in relation to the Bananas Agreement and now for the ITER Fusion for Energy project .
To top it all , we are seeing a worrying tendency for the Member States to happily pay for joint projects , provided it is outside the EU budget .
Therefore , I can safely say that this debate is not just about more or less money for the EU ; it is about proper control and avoiding disorder and chaos .
There are simply no excuses for States coldly and deliberately exterminating defenceless people in their charge .
It is often more than that , however .
When the death penalty is used to make people frightened to rise up against oppression and dictatorship , as we have seen in Iran , for example , the death penalty is also a form of terrorism .
For nearly 30 years , this man has been sitting on death row following a trial characterised by errors and shortcomings and with racist undertones .
This example is no less important because it comes from the United States , which is , of course , the EU 's ally in many areas - in fact , it is perhaps more important , because in the fight against the death penalty , there is no room for double standards .
In the fight against the death penalty , only one standard applies : an unconditional 'no ' to the death penalty .
I voted in favour of the report because money from the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund goes to workers affected by collective redundancies .
For example , by far the most money paid out from the fund goes to the richest countries within the EU.
I believe that it is a waste of money for Denmark to send money to the EU only for it to be sent back to Denmark after having done the rounds through the bureaucratic system .
However , I believe that there are a number of problems with this particular fund .
My vote should not be perceived as support for the EU 's 'subsidy gravy train' , either .
The Danish Liberal Party 's MEPs have voted in favour of the Karas report .
However , the Danish Liberal Party 's MEPs regret the fact that more account was not taken of the Danish recommendations for the protection of the Danish mortgage credit model .
Some of the Basel proposals may cause significant damage to effective mortgage credit models in Europe , including the Danish one .
I fully support the report 's recognition of the fact that there are mortgage obligations and other types of securities issued that are , in fact , equally as liquid and secure as government bonds .
The reason that I am abstaining from the vote is because , in the interests of competitiveness in the EU , the report does not call for the introduction of more stringent financial regulation than is found in the rest of the Western world , including the United States .
Women are trailing a long way behind men when it comes to wages , pensions , top jobs and executive positions .
We must ensure that women - whether they are from Portugal or Poland , Belgium or Bulgaria - are guaranteed equality on the labour market .
There are many good reasons for us to have new legislation on maternity leave in Europe .
Women in the EU are quite simply not having enough children .
We therefore need a maternity leave law that motivates families to have children .
A common high standard for maternity leave is essential in order to create an effective internal market .
