However , we need amendments that include social and environmental requirements and equal treatment requirements in procedures .
Mr President , presenting a common position for second reading could be seen as a purely technical , tactical move to bring us closer to implementing the decisions .
These issues are so vitally important that anything less than total precision and total responsibility on our part would be absolutely unacceptable , and we cannot put off dealing with them to a later date as the Council seems to want to do .
It is at this point that the most critical environmental implications come into play , for not all products can be disposed of using the same technology , nor are they all hazardous to the same degree or all biodegradable to the same degree .
That said , many speakers have reiterated that we are satisfied with the finished product .
The operators know that conserving fish stocks is the best way to preserve their jobs and they are therefore on our side .
We therefore welcome this Commission communication .
For example , we are not asking for exceptions to be made for the Mediterranean to current bans such as those on the swordfish nets known as spadare ; however , we are calling for agreements with third countries banning or limiting this method of fishing , for otherwise , we will merely be penalising our fishermen without resolving the problem of overfishing .
Report ( A5-0379/2001 ) by Zappalà , on behalf of the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market , on the proposal for a European Parliament and Council directive coordinating the procurement procedures of entities operating in the water , energy and transport sectors ( COM(2000 ) 276 - C5-0368/2000 - 2000/0117(COD ) ) ( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution ) Report ( A5-0430/2001 ) by Grosch , on behalf of the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism , on the proposal for a directive of the European Parliament and of the Council on the training of professional drivers for the carriage of goods or passengers by road ( COM(2001 ) 56 - C5-0037/2001 - 2001/0033(COD ) ) ( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution ) Recommendation ( A5-0412/2001 ) by Rod , on behalf of the Committee on Development and Cooperation , on the proposal for a Council decision concerning the conclusion of the Partnership Agreement between the African , Caribbean and Pacific States on the one part , and the European Community and its Member States , on the other ( 2117/2000 - COM(2000 ) 324 - C5-0417/2000 - 2000/0124( AVC) ) ( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution ) Report ( A5-0419/2001 ) by García-Orcoyen Tormo , on behalf of the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Policy , on the Commission Green Paper on integrated product policy ( COM(2001 ) 68 - C5-0259/2001 - 2001/2117(COS) ) ( Parliament adopted the resolution ) Report ( A5-0451/2001 ) by Alyssandrakis , on behalf of the Committee on Industry , External Trade , Research and Energy , on the Commission communication to the Council and the European Parliament on Europe and Space : Turning to a new chapter ( COM(2000 ) 597 - C5-0146/2001 - 2001/2072(COS) ) Before the vote :
I am pleased to say that the European Parliament has changed its rules and now we decide whatever we want on our own , without the Council . '
Because this was an ideal city because of its beautiful environment : clean air , no noise , grass and flowers , much better than the fake flowerbeds we have in Parliament , where the flowers are painted on the ground .
I therefore hope Mr Fatuzzo will support it . '
After a great deal of effort and agonising over what to do , I did , in the end , vote for the motion , although I hope that forthcoming European directives and regulations will regulate all environmental and social welfare legislation in Europe to a much greater and better degree and to the benefit of the citizens and workers .
What a good aim , what fine proposals , what an important Commission report !
Indeed , I could see the figure of Jesus fishing in a boat together with Saint Peter , but Saint Peter ' s face looked like Mr Varela' s .
As I have said on several occasions , Madam President , Fatuzzo rhymes with 'merluzzo ' , which is the Italian word for cod !
Why should we not say ' Bon apétit ' and have some exquisite , delicious fish for lunch ?
It is with great pleasure that I speak on behalf of the Group of the European People ' s Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats , who sent me to this beautiful city of Strasbourg to attempt to remind people of their existence .
I am , of course , Mr President , very honoured by the Members ' consideration , for whenever I start to speak , increasing numbers of Members come from the corridors into the Chamber , as you can see is happening at the moment .
Many States are still striving to define a clear position on the various provisions of the directive , taking into account the different situations and dispositions too .
I would like to thank Mr van den Berg for his excellent work , on which a broad consensus was achieved at the vote in committee .
Thus , after the directives on European Works Councils , the European Company Statute and the Charter of Fundamental Rights , this directive completes the existing Community and national frameworks , which can help to ensure that necessary preparations are made for the change , that restructuring is carried out in an acceptable context and that the 'employment ' objective is given the necessary priority in the current situation