also encourages me to urge the Council to do something to change this situation .
My complaint concerning PHARE is that the Commission has not been willing to carry out a combined analysis .
It is important that we know what we are getting out of the different projects , whether we are actually changing anything and whether we are making a positive contribution to improving conditions in countries seeking accession .
Of course we should have used the budget resources Mrs Wemheuer has referred to , but the important thing is to ensure that they contribute towards positive development , and that we get something for our money .
We do not have a clue what has happened to this money .
Because they have decided that we should not have an independent , rigorous and concrete EU resolution against China .
One might ask whether this debate on current , urgent issues is actually worth anything .
Parliament had an opportunity today to support justice , in a conflict between national governments , by sending a clear message on the absolute priority of human rights .
If this is to be the way ahead , we do not need Parliament .
It indicates that we are only prepared to rearrange commas in the proposed directive , instead of shaping the real political agenda .
At the conference of governments , in which Parliament would like to have more power , we have decided not to use the powers we do have .
People have no use for a parliament which thinks only of money ; they want a political parliament .
Mr President , I would like to thank the rapporteur for her report and , together with the rapporteur , welcome the Commission 's communication particularly the fact that the concept of mainstreaming has been adopted .
All three groups are particularly vulnerable and distinct .
The rest of us are exceptions to this norm .
As a practical guide , mainstreaming means that special requirements are incorporated into the general , in other words that we make the extraordinary part of the ordinary .
Mainstreaming reduces the need for special solutions , and in this way we are able to prevent the isolation and separation of the disabled .
To put it another way : the disabled must travel along the broad avenues , and not be diverted off into side streets and blind alleys .
I would like to bring out three main points .
Ten percent of EU citizens are disabled .
This ten percent is completely dependent on what the 90 % majority decide .
That is why mainstreaming is important .
Secondly I would like to stress the special problems connected with early-onset disability , that affecting children and young people , and the consequences of these disabilities for entry to the employment market , and to stress that the EU 's education programme must also be for the disabled .
Firstly , the absolute need for greater coordination , not only between the EU and Member States , but also between the EU and multilateral organizations .
Secondly - and I am pleased that the rapporteur also addressed this issue - the need to pay far greater attention to sustainable environmental development , in actions and not only in words .
And thirdly , that those of us involved in regional development strive for a high level of self-sufficiency .
We must do this , even if it goes beyond our own commercial interests .
Mr President , Mr Kinnock , the Socialists support Novo Belenguer 's report .
But we support the twelve amendments designed to tighten up on the directive , though I now hear that one of these may be withdrawn .
We have another report on the European reporting system , which has been a long time coming .
Clearly it makes things difficult if one cannot get ships in transit to report , and direct ships in transit through safe waters .
I hope we can move forward .
It is 3-4 years since the other proposal was produced .
We support this proposal , but we would also like to draw attention to the fact that it is not only ships in transit which are the problem .
It may therefore be necessary , in conjunction with port state control , for us to have a more rigorous system for ships used to transport nuclear materials .
It is my view that some of the ships are not up to the appropriate standard and fail to report their movements in the right places .
We have failed to develop an approach with which we can meet the challenges of the future .
They are interdependent .
It is therefore important that we see things in context .
But allow me to comment on global maritime transport .
Even if our records show that we have fewer European ships in the ports of the world , and that we have fewer employees , I must emphasize the fact that most ships at a global level continue to be significantly controlled by European economic interests , though this is often under flags of convenience and often involves different registers .
What we are complaining about , in fact , is that we are missing out on economic opportunities , because we know that the ships are actually owned by European cities .
But , ladies and gentlemen , Rapporteur , one does not improve maritime transport through reductions .
It is my view that we need some OECD agreements in this area .
This arrangement must be extended so that it applies globally .
It is Danish , Dutch and Norwegian registers that are doing battle with these flags of convenience .
I hope the Commission will be successful in its discussion of navigation and the future .
I hope that , through this discussion , the Commission can produce something better for the agenda