The message that this is a Parliament that changes its mind and that forgets about its resolutions .
You declare that Turkey is breaching one of the basic principles of the European Union , freedom of movement ; and there are many more that could be mentioned .
Not only does the rapporteur not come to this conclusion , but , more importantly , he does not mention the following obvious fact : Turkey is not a European country . 95 % of its territory is in Asia ; its capital , Ankara , is in the heart of Asia Minor ; and , with the Christian communities having been wiped out during the 20th century , 99 % of its population belongs to the Muslim world .
I would emphasise the importance of close partnerships with the Mediterranean region that treat Turkey and the Maghreb - as areas of the world with which our Europe has forged long-standing and important links – equally .
Why , then , do I have this huge regret ?
The fact that Turkey has still not ratified and implemented the Ankara Protocol , which is a minimum - only just acceptable - legal form of recognition , is inadmissible .
At times , there has also been talk of a Zionist plot .
It is in this frame of mind and with a desire to listen that Mr Barroso of the European Commission and my fellow Commissioner , Mr Michel , intend shortly to travel to Khartoum and meet President Bashir with the aim of taking forward the process of transition from the African Union to the United Nations and of relaunching the Abuja peace process .     . – Mr President , for three years now , and under the gaze of a powerless international community , Darfur has been the victim of a terrible tragedy .
Some months , the food rations are halved , because there are no subsidies , because the donors did not materialise .
If we want to act , then , it seems that there are three priorities to fulfil .
It seems that all is now set for the final assault .
Is there a minimum threshold of people who need to be sent to concentration camps before we intervene ?
It is for that reason that I am grateful to my fellow Member , Mr Karim , for pointing out that our relations with India are not limited merely to the commercial field , but that they are bolstered by extensive cooperation in a vast number of areas .
I have worked with the Slovak , English , German and French versions , and there are a few paragraphs that have been translated in a totally different way .
Without the presence of those who are , first and foremost , sea lovers , the odds are that the Member States’ territorial waters will be abandoned , in that case , to the atrocities of the hooligans of the sea , who fear neither God nor man .
In addition to these specific issues that give us some grasp of how far we still have to go in improving our aid in practical terms , the three Cs – complementarity of actions , coordination of programmes and coherence of policies - also constitute a framework within which to work and a particularly important template for interpreting the action that we shall have to take over the next few years where cooperation is concerned .
To me , this situation sounds like failure .
The European Union must play the role of conductor with a view to bringing about a better distribution of the tasks under the heading of development aid .
It is not , moreover , Europe’s token Agency for the Management of Operational Cooperation at the External Borders , conspicuously slow and lacking in staff and resources as it is , that will offer an effective response to the flood of immigration .
It has taken a report by the Committee on Women’s Rights and Gender Equality for the rights not just of women , but of all workers , to at last be taken into account in the current globalisation process sought and undergone by Brussels .
However , I voted against the amendments tabled by the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance and against certain paragraphs that , using the precautionary principle as a pretext , are aimed at making people think that nanotechnologies are dangerous , because they manipulate the smallest particles - atoms and molecules .
I can say that I agree with virtually everything you just said .
We do not need that .
Destroy what industry when the one they have is already in ruins ?
Indeed , it is no longer strong commitments that we expect from the Council , but concrete action .
Article 24 of the Treaty provides that the European Union is the contracting party .
I share the view that it is imperative to incorporate providers of professional services into our European internal market , but we must take account of the specific characteristics of these professions as regards the indispensable requirement to afford special protection to European consumers in a market that is rapidly becoming more and more international .
Finally , I should like to call on the Member States not to impose any last-minute requests that might jeopardise the compromise accepted by all of the institutions , and not to further delay the adoption of this text , which is necessary from the point of view of free movement .
I can tell you that a working group , working alongside the Commission and the Member States , has been set up in order to oversee the implementation of the revised plan that I proposed and that the Member States have examined and are going to approve in December .
They are the ones who forge the first links between their families and nationals