Probably realising the contents of our Charter of Fundamental Rights , that is to say , a Europe which is concerned about Europeans .
It is true , as my Spanish colleague said , that there is a low level of transposition in the social field of only 71 % of directives , but it is even truer that in the Commission , on environmental issues , there is not only poor transposition , but flagrant non-compliance , which is the worst thing : lack of application .
Mr Kinnock , there is a Spanish phrase which says , 'the road to hell is paved with good intentions ' .
It will not be your exclusive responsibility , but we are very unclear about this .
You know that you have our support .
I do not believe that we should be attributing blame here and I do not think we should be indulging in a simplistic reading of the events , but there is no doubt that the break-up of the negotiations has had a profound effect on Israeli and Palestinian public opinion .
Despite the pessimism reigning on both sides , or perhaps because of it , the role of the international community is now essential .
I do believe that we Europeans should consider ourselves committed to and involved in this process .
Our Foreign Affairs Ministers , Mr Fischer , Mr Michel and Mr Ruggiero , are visiting the area and I believe that this also demonstrates our European will .
I am referring to the appeal made jointly by some of the protagonists of the peace processes of recent years , for example Mr Beilin and Mrs Ashraui , who have signed a manifesto - I have the original text in English - in which , under the title " No to bloodshed , no to occupation , yes to negotiation , yes to peace " they say something which the directorate of the Party of European Socialists decided to jointly support at its meeting on Sunday .
Sometimes we say 'things cannot get any worse ' , but in this case the situation could get worse .
Firstly , I believe that the priority should be to resolve the problem of impartiality .
Fourthly , we must prevent the inappropriate use of the Barcelona Process for the Middle East conflict .
Madam President , the latest attacks and actions clearly demonstrate that , at the beginning of this academic year , the spiral of violence is unfortunately not coming to an end .
Secondly , the international community must act : the United States , Russia - where the Israeli Prime Minister is today - and the European Union , which must hold all the cards so that it can play its rightful role on the basis of two undeniable premises .
Nobody can grant what is not theirs .
It is that simple .
If it is a means , what is the end ?
Finally , we want to say to Bulgaria that it is this Parliament ' s desire that it be well incorporated into the European Union and on time , but , of course within the political , economic and social framework established .
Cyprus must also make progress on putting a stop to its macroeconomic deterioration , as well as on the control of capital movements .
The White Paper is a departure point .
Surely the Spanish , or many of them , do not realise that .
This White Paper is very important because we are at a moment of the historic constituent process of the European Union , and that process opened with declaration 23 at Nice .
We cannot conceal our reticence over emissions trading and its monitoring or the use of sinks .
I must repeat that the external Agency will have freedom of action , but we would like to have an independent expert cast an eye over it from time to time to see whether the Agency is fulfilling the objective that has been proposed for it .
This is the aspect on which immediate and effective action can and must be undertaken .
The passenger protection dossier is , together with the single sky , safety and protection of the environment , an important dossier for air transport , for passengers and also for the image of European integration in the eyes of the public .
I regret the impasse in which many initiatives in this sector are trapped within the Council and I hope that the appropriate agreements will be concluded so that we can move ahead without any further delay .
I shall begin with the initiative on the creation of the European Aviation Safety Agency .
The proposal under consideration today , therefore , represents a considerable step forwards , particularly if you take account of the objectives it is seeking to achieve .
On the other hand , we cannot accept some of the proposed amendments .
With regard to the other areas , we cannot accept airports being definitively excluded .
Therefore , the Commission cannot accept the suggestions that seek to reduce its powers of control over the Agency .
The first approach is the voluntary agreements signed by the airlines and the second is laws that must be complied with .
With regard to the consumer reports comparing the profits of the various airlines , we will soon be instituting an experiment to try out various methods then to review legislation in light of the experience we have gained .
We also hope that Parliament and the Council will rapidly approve the regulation , so that the standards of the Montreal Convention on the responsibility of Community airlines can apply and so that these new standards may enter into force by the end of next year .
I am telling you this because the concerns and the actions of both Parliament and the Commission are yielding tangible results