perspective until it is possible to ensure complete consensus between the parties .
Experience has shown on many occasions that , when the European Union and the United States act together in harmony , we can make a decisive contribution to generating a positive dynamic for world change , fostering the establishment of democratic regimes , seeking greater trade and investment opportunities , reducing poverty in less favoured societies , or overseeing environmental protection on a global scale .
We thus made a joint commitment to lead a hitherto unheard of cooperative effort on a global scale , aimed at eliminating the terrorist threat and its leaders , networks and organisations .
We are aware that this mandate must be clear and flexible and must represent added value compared with the current situation , and it must of course comply with the limits laid down by the constitutions of the Member States and the procedural guarantees inherent in European values .
Direct investment by the European Union in the United States stands at approximately EUR 675 000 million .
One of our objectives , therefore , is to provide a new , positive focus that can enhance and develop bilateral trade .
I assure you that the Presidency takes this matter very seriously and , with regard to future developments , it will remain in close contact with the Commission and the Member States , determined to adopt appropriate measures whenever necessary to safeguard the interests of the Union .
The Presidency will therefore do its utmost to ensure that our relations with the United States are fully developed and , together with the Member States and the Commission , it will spare no effort to make the summit planned for 2 May in Washington satisfy both sides ' expectations .
This applies to many things .
Our American friends and allies have to understand that we cannot go on working like this , and we therefore call on the Commission to take the strongest line possible to make them see reason .
I am therefore against fundamentalism as the expression of a way of thinking that denies a person - man or woman - their freedom and the right to choose their own destiny , and It is my view that the European Union must , with every means at its disposal , uphold and promote respect for human rights wherever they are violated .
What is happening is that , like any relationship , there are two sides to it , and we are now seeing that the Bush Administration is strongly tempted to act on its own ; that is , to practise the Frank Sinatra doctrine : ' I 'll do it my way ' , both in politics - I only have two minutes and I cannot expand on this - and in trade .
In addition , on 14 February the Spanish government requested that , in view of the breakdown of the talks that had been entered into , action should be started within the WTO .
Accordingly , I believe the Commission has , on behalf of the European Union , taken a firm stand on the steel problem , a stand that was publicly expressed and unanimously adopted by the Council of Ministers last Monday .
With regard to other considerations that have been expressed here on the United States ' lamentable tendency to act unilaterally in many areas , not only in these matters of trade policy but also in other matters of general policy , the Presidency can only agree with many of the positions expressed here .
According to some of you , the best formula is to establish a link between the steel dispute and other trading problems with the Union .
Clearly , the possibility some of you have suggested of making restrictive voluntary agreements to reduce exports is not compatible with the World Trade Organisation .
We hope that the resolution you are to vote on will strengthen the European Union 's positions on this fundamental issue for us all .
In fact , the Court decided as follows : ' The Council cannot be criticised for having , in the exercise of the powers which have been conferred on it under Article 51 of the EEC Treaty , also included stateless persons and refugees resident on the territory of the Member States in order to take into account the abovementioned international obligations of those States .
Furthermore , it will be appropriate to guarantee the social protection of the unemployed while bearing in mind the financial aspects of the issue and guaranteeing effective control .
We believe that the Khalil sentence , of October last year , raises the inadequacy of the legal basis of Article 51 ( currently 42 ) and obliges us to reconsider that of the Decision proposed in 1997 .
The relationship between taxation and social security is another of your questions .
However , the annexes are still under negotiation .
The tax system is the responsibility of the Member States and it is decided in accordance with the place of residence .
In the case of the United Kingdom , the issue is still open and it will be until the beginning of May , which is when it intends to adopt its decision .
This report could not have come at a more appropriate time : the day after tomorrow the Barcelona European Council will take place and it will deal with issues relating to the assessment to be made and the commitments to be assumed in relation to the Lisbon process , as well as , clearly , a series of issues which the Liberal Group has always insisted on and which the Commissioner is sufficiently aware of and which I am not going to repeat : the need to liberalise the most protected sectors ; the opening up of the markets ; the emphasis on training and education : the provision of more resources for scientific research and technological development ; that is , the fulfilment of the Lisbon objectives