the 26 members of the European Council who will meet on Thursday and Friday and who did not want another Turkey summit at the end of this year .
Mr President , I would like to congratulate the rapporteurs , Mr Brok and Mr Stubb ( who is not stubborn but intellectually most flexible , however his name is pronounced ! ) .
The Commission shares many of the points made in the reports .
I agree with Parliament 's view that integration capacity is primarily about the EU 's institutions , budget and policies .
Some underline only the strategic significance of enlargement for peace and democracy .
Therefore , we must build up a renewed consensus on enlargement by combining these two sides of the coin .
We must keep up the strategic mission of enlargement by maintaining the EU 's soft power of democratic and economic transformation and , at the same time , we must ensure our capacity to function , while gradually integrating new Member States .
We shall make impact assessments and evaluate budgetary implications on key policies , especially on agricultural and cohesion policies .
Difficult issues , such as judicial reform and the fight against corruption , must be addressed at an early stage of the negotiations .
I believe we are all in favour of simplification , not complication .
My answer is 'no' : the EU has managed to deepen and to widen in parallel before , and that can be done again .
Therefore , a new institutional settlement should have been reached by the time the next new Member State is likely to be ready to join our Union .
The necessary steps to achieve a new institutional settlement should have been taken by the end of 2008 .
Last , but not least , we need it for the current EU and its citizens today or , by the latest , tomorrow - not just because of potential future enlargement .
( Applause ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , first I wish to thank everyone for this diverse , wide-ranging and constructive debate .
This is a key element in integration capacity and , as was stated in this debate , the European Union needs to do its homework .
As for the enlargement processes and negotiations under way , we should remember that the homework has not been done with regard to the latest processes either .
The other aspect of enlargement and the other responsible party is obviously the candidate countries and those interested in membership of the European Union , and they must fulfil the EU membership criteria .
Much has been said in this debate about the Constitutional Treaty and its future .
It is also important to remember that we cannot entrust the Union 's ability to function solely to the Constitutional Treaty .
In other words , above all we need commitment to , and the will to accept , a common process , and if the will is there then the reform of the treaties is certainly possible .
Neighbourhood policy is linked to enlargement of the Union in a certain way , but that is also an important policy area in itself , and so cannot be seen as a substitute for enlargement .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , we will be discussing this week 's European Council and its agenda later on this afternoon , and I am quite sure that in that debate we will also return to those topics that have already been considered this morning .
On the other hand , we have faced situations where the Presidency has had to respond quickly and as the circumstances have demanded .
The proposal for the Framework Decision has been one of the priorities of our Presidency in the area of justice and home affairs .
During our term the first reading was brought to a conclusion , and it went through a second and third reading .
In addition , on several occasions the Article 36 Committee and the Permanent Representatives Committee were asked to look at individual questions relating to the matter .
Obviously , consensus will not be reached now during the Finnish Presidency , and the debate on the Framework Decision will be taken up in the German term .
For example , questions relating to the scope of the Framework Decision have not yet been resolved .
The agreement that emerged from the talks corresponds very much to the content of the 2004 agreement .
The agreement signed in mid-October is temporary and valid until the end of July 2007 .
The intention is to have by then a new , more permanent arrangement for handing over PNR data .
A new negotiating mandate is being drawn up at the moment .
Its purpose is to make it easier to prepare risk assessments on passengers .
The compatibility of the current and future PNR agreement and the ATS is being examined at present , especially with regard to how long information is to be kept , as well as the handing over of data and its relevance .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , this debate has first and foremost dealt with work on the EU Framework Decision , and , as I said in my opening speech , this work will continue during the German Presidency .
We have worked hard to establish the Framework Decision , but unfortunately we will not now have it ready this autumn .
As regards in particular the Union 's PNR agreement and the closely connected US ATS scheme , as I mentioned in my opening speech , we are now examining how compatible ATS is with the PNR system .
As I said , when the answer comes and the talks are proceeding , the European Parliament will be informed of developments , as Commissioner Frattini also mentioned in his speech