and give the United Nations inspectors all the information they need on his weapons of mass destruction .
International peace and security need to be safeguarded and action taken at international level must not undermine the credibility of the UN or the Security Council .
This is a major issue and every proposal has merit .
There may be serious ramifications and we need to be prepared for that .
I should like at this point to thank Baroness Ludford , whose oral question has provided the basis for today 's debate .
Parliament itself made a telling contribution to this work through the consultation procedure and with its excellent resolutions .
That brings me to the questions , not that this list is by any means complete .
I would also remind you that the Council replies to all written and oral questions put to it by the honourable Members .
First of all , the number and content of the acts adopted is proof positive of the volume of work we have carried out in order to create an area of freedom , security and justice .
However , the question of speed also needs to be placed within the context of how carefully each issue is examined and the fact that all the procedures are adhered to , especially the consultation procedure and , from now on , the codecision procedure , so that the Council can take due account of the opinion of the European Parliament .
For example , immigration issues are addressed under Title ?V of the Treaty establishing the European Community , while crimes by persons aiding and abetting illegal immigration are dealt with under the rules set out in Title V ? of the Treaty on European Union .
Until then , I can assure you that all of us in the Council are endeavouring to promote cohesive , rational policy , and are demonstrating the necessary political will .
Similarly , the Council 's framework decision on the status of victims during criminal proceedings was initiated by one Member State .
In reply to the fifth question , under the Treaty of Amsterdam , the Council will be required five years after the Treaty enters into force , i .e . in 2004 , to reach a unanimous decision , following consultations with the European Parliament , on the codecision procedure for visas , asylum and immigration and on judicial cooperation in civil matters .
In reply to the sixth question , as I said earlier , the Council has made considerable progress on asylum and immigration with a view to applying the programme adopted in Tampere .
However , the possible inclusion of the Charter of Fundamental Rights in the new Treaty is an issue which does not come within the jurisdiction granted to the Council under the Treaties .
We are convinced of , and our initiatives will be geared towards , the principle that respect for human rights and the rule of law is the cornerstone of the European Union and the ultimate justification for all its policies .
This is particularly important in the area in which our Council acts , where the issue of the balance between freedom , on the one hand , and security , on the other , arises on a daily basis .
We cannot take a unilateral approach to judicial assistance .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I should like to close by thanking you once again for giving me this opportunity to update the European Parliament on progress in the area of justice and security and to assure you that I am looking forward to your assistance and cooperation so that we can meet the expectations of European society and its citizens .
In the Europe we are all now building together .
We must not shift the centre of gravity one way or the other , because security is clearly an inalienable right and a primordial right for every citizen ; but nor must we shift the centre of gravity and risk cutting back or overlooking and compromising on human rights and freedoms .
I was also particularly interested in the honourable Members ' comments that measures must be taken to guard borders at European level .
We all want to find a way of protecting , guarding and controlling Europe 's borders , by which I mean the external borders of the European Union .
One of the topics being discussed , and which will continue to be discussed , is how to apportion the burden .
However , this does not mean that we should not pay greater attention to the rights of immigrants already in the European Union or that their rights are less important to us .
I think that we need Community financial support and we need to spread the burden fairly , irrespective of what happens in Iraq .
The subject speaks for itself .
Uranium 235 is excellent as a fuel in nuclear reactors and is used in nuclear weapons .
And when it vaporises , most of it oxidises .
Of course , research carried out has not proven 100 % that this is what happens , but the results are very convincing , which is why we must be very , very careful .
If an area is contaminated , it remains contaminated for thousands of years .
I trust that the Council and the Greek Presidency will do something about getting the Ottawa Convention ratified , so that anti-personnel mines can be eliminated , and introducing a moratorium , followed perhaps by a total ban on the use of depleted uranium ammunition .
Allow me to quote a few examples of Union activities in this sector .
The Union also submitted a paper on explosive remnants of war to the team of government experts set up by the second review congress .
