its own course through the committee stage , and , together , they demonstrate very clearly the importance that this Parliament attaches to this debate .
Firstly , we are talking about terrorism from many sources and , therefore , to mention Islam , even if we only say , ‘We believe that Islam is fundamentally fine , but we are worried about Islamic terrorists’ , would be to mix terrorism with Islam .
Finally , I would like to say to Mr Gijs de Vries , who is honouring us with his presence today , that the important thing is to turn all of this into political action and concrete measures .     Mr President , I would simply like to say that we accept Baroness Ludford 's amendment and we will not therefore present any other oral Amendment .
And it would be profoundly irresponsible on the part of the Council not to reach an agreement at this time .     Mr President , as is customary in this House , I shall begin by congratulating Mr Böge on the work he has done on his important report on policy challenges and budgetary means of the Union 2007-2013 .
Firstly , it confirms the cohesion policy as an indispensable instrument for promoting territorial , economic and social cohesion and reducing the disparities between the regions of the Union — a policy of solidarity par excellence — and sees a proper funding of 0.41 % of GDP as condition .
Nevertheless , I am not pleased that Parliament should be demonstrating a minimalist tendency which began with the last Agenda 2000 and which has not helped to increase confidence amongst the European citizens .
We also call on the rapporteur to accept Amendment 1 , which combats the discrimination that would result from applying the competition and excellence policy in an exclusive manner .     Madam President , I too would like to congratulate our rapporteur , Mr Böge , because he has been able to send a crystal clear message to the Commission and the Council indicating what this Parliament wants .
In short , we must implement the Lisbon reforms .
It is complex because there are many factors to this problem which , unfortunately , has become an everyday problem – – illegal immigration – – and also combating it by means of legal mechanisms which respond to the legitimate hopes and desires of those who are seeking a better future in our territory .
We all know that politics is not a long calm river and that sometimes it can also be a furious current .
As Mr Zapatero said during the campaign , to speak well about Europe is a weapon of mass construction .
I have observed today — as has been said — that , despite the fact that 10 Member States have ratified it , despite the fact that many Europeans have said yes to the Constitution , there is no consensus to move forward .
And since this is a difficult situation and a painful decision , my group , which has reflected carefully , believes that the best option is that of delay at this time .     I am pleased with the position adopted by the European Parliament on the financial perspectives and I now only hope that the Council will do its duty and reach an agreement on the 17th .
I believe that , at this time when world military spending has risen to one billion dollars per year while at the same time the States do not provide money for the Millennium objectives , this review is more necessary than ever .     Mr President , I would like to begin by thanking the rapporteur , Mr Laschet , for the work he has done .
Its representativeness must be increased and its operation improved , but I do not believe the best solution to be the so-called ‘model A’ , that is to say increasing the number of permanent members , an idea which I believe to be rather anachronistic .
Thirdly , I am pleased that the report stresses the fight against terrorism and , in this regard , I will not just emphasise Resolution 1373 , but also the importance of assisting the victims of terrorism .
Mr President-in-Office of the Council , I believe we have debated these issues of a Spanish nature fully — as you have said quite rightly — and furthermore they have been very successful .
Fortunately , that agreement has been maintained , and according to my information , the Council’s working group has reached a final agreement on the issue today .
In any event , I hope that our cooperation over recent weeks will be maintained until the end of the legislative procedure , in order to provide us , as soon as possible , with a renewed Stability and Growth Pact that is suited to the true economic dynamic of the Member States , from both political and legal points of view .
My spokesman , Mr Radwan , has said something that I agree with : we are beating the retreat .
We have not done that because , following Ortega’s advice , we do not like pointless efforts , which only lead to melancholy .
Parliament is helping you ; it is helping you to reduce the Governments ’ margin for discretion .
The next thing now under threat in this crisis in the European Union is the euro .
We should identify those countries within the European Union and all apply those policies .     .
He began by telling us that he is surprised about the excessive pessimism , since , on analysing the European economy , he has noted that the conditions are in place to allow it to recover fully