European cooperation is increased democracy and openness in the Union 's decision-making process .
But let me make a second thing clear .
We should use Article 235 as little as possible .
Secondly , because we wish to have democracy , and openness in the decision-making process .
Thirdly , because the people see Article 235 as a downward path on which the EU , by taking legislative action in new areas , is moving further and further away from openness and from the principle of being closer to its citizens .
It may be that this is not bound up quite in this way with Article 235 , but once again the fact is that the people see this and we have to take account of it .
Another factor is that we have a good committee which is agreed on these matters , and I really do hope that the Council listens and perhaps begins to show more interest in what is happening in the Committee on Budgetary Control .
The Dutch presidency should listen and take note .
I also thank Mrs Schmidbauer for her comments .
The close links between the transport policy and many other areas of policy means there is a great deal to take into account .
What we have in mind here is competition , the environment , the internal market , national cultural differences or differences in general terms , and there are many factors to bear in mind when producing a report .
The report is therefore a compromise , but of a high quality .
It is in fact part of the political Europe we inhabit and recognises that we have both left-wing and right-wing tendencies , and that we have special interests in the transport sector .
The alternative would be for the policy to stagnate , so that transport did not develop , which means transport would also stagnate .
We are thinking in terms of a European vignette here .
Let us consider these aspects first .
When in the autumn the Commission comes to deal with the problems surrounding the internalising of external costs , as they are referred to , it will be important that the Commission and the commissioner come up with a timetable for the way ahead in Europe .
In the meantime the national parliaments could be involved in the process , giving thought to the problems and taking an active part in this area .
I support this development , and I support it in as much as it will not only mean competition between those providing transport , but also competition between forms of transport .
Mr President , Mr Commissioner and colleagues , we have a common task .
When we come to vote tomorrow , it will not so much be legislation , as the first part of legislation .
Mr President , I thought we were here to debate Mrs Schmidbauer 's report .
They have nothing to do with Mrs Schmidbauer 's report .
In all essential respects I agree with what my two Swedish colleagues have just said .
Firstly it is central to the ongoing unresolved conflict between Parliament and the Council , and secondly it concerns an area of integration , perhaps the most central of all areas of integration .
It is unusable .
The conclusion , therefore , is that it must be removed and that it must be regarded unconditionally as a Community matter .
What we have here is an appeal to the government conference .
I agree with Georges Berthu who spoke on this matter earlier .
There is no question of transfer to Community matters .
We cannot on any grounds support this appeal to the government conference to have it made a Community matter .
I have heeded this advice , because taking careful steps in the socio-political arena is something which for me , as a Dane , is a very important point to emphasize .
I agree with Mr Hatzidakis that it is important for us to have a high level of social protection in Europe and in the European Union .
What I mean is that it is important to be careful when recommending in the report that , amongst other things , there should be increasing co-ordination of social protection regulations .
It is also my view that we should be careful about formulating minimum requirements , because my Finnish colleague is quite right in saying that there is good reason to fear that minimum requirements would become maximum requirements .
This is what we have experienced in Denmark in the area of the working environment where the excellent Danish employment regulations we had earlier subsequently became very poor regulations , precisely because of considerations regarding competition .
I also believe it to be an extremely bad idea to introduce social insurance regulations at a Community level based on a qualified majority .
I think it too much to expect that citizens in the European Union will want to move from one Member State to another .
I would therefore ask that considerable thought be given to this , not least in the context of the conference of governments , and that we tread carefully .
Mr President , I would like to thank the rapporteur for her work on this directive .
One of these is the perspective of consumers , and the other is the perspective of companies .
We in the Liberal Group are very conscious that consumers must be able to use the internal market and to compare prices .
We therefore agree with the directive and also support the Committee 's amendments .
Regarding Amendment No 24 , our group is in favour of this .
The first is that there are some situations which are not mentioned in the directive , but which I regard as important .
