The future European agency for external border control that is expected to be operational by 1 May 2005 will draw up , and develop , a common core curriculum for training border patrols and will provide training at European level for instructors for the Member States’ national border patrols .
They include , among other things , political criteria requiring a candidate Member State to possess stable institutions , guaranteeing , as I said a moment ago , democracy , the rule of law , human rights and respect for , and protection of , minorities .
What the discussion is about , as it was in the past and will be in future , is the factual implementation of church and state separation , in other words freedom of religion as one of the points which is , and will continue to be , closely monitored , where the developments in Turkey are concerned .
Exercises of this type , involving the deployment of national or multinational troops , continue to be the Member States’ exclusive responsibility .
Article 106 of the Treaty clearly defines the respective powers of the European Central Bank and the Member States with regard to the issue of euro notes and coins .
Nevertheless , in my view – and I think , in the view of the public and of a number of consumer organisations , if in the euro zone and in the different Member States , different positions are taken up as regards whether or not to continue issuing certain small euro cent coins , or whether or not to round up prices , it is then difficult to still talk about a price policy or financial policy in the euro zone .
In this connection , the EU’s drugs strategy should be mentioned ; it is , as you know , the subject of discussion in the Council at present .
Mr Crowley was right to point out that , where the major and , indeed , increasing problem of Ecstasy consumption is concerned , it is not only a question of smuggling from outside the European Union , but also of what is happening in the European Union itself .
In accordance with the consensus of Monterrey , which was approved by the Heads of State or Government of the members of the United Nations in March 2002 , the EU recognises that permanent debt funding is of the essence for freeing up resources for private and public investments , and that the relief of foreign debt can play a crucial role when resources are freed up for activities that promote sustainable growth and development .
It also showed willing to study ways in which the financial gap can be plugged and at the same time to bring about a fair reduction in the burden .
We see cases of stranded sea mammals whose hearing has been damaged .
Finally , we do not agree with the practice of borrowing as much as possible , to the very limit , instead of endeavouring to take an economical , restrained and responsible approach to taxpayers ’ money .     .
I denounce the emphasis that the EU is currently placing on commercial interests at the expense of peaceful coexistence and human rights .
Lukashenko wants to remain in power and , alongside Putin , play an important role in a Greater Russia .
We need a protocol , so tough and intensive negotiations are required , and this is where Europe can speak with one voice .
In no way do we have a problem with these exiles , but the Iranian regime does .
So far , the European Union has failed to condemn these acts of terrorism emphatically as something that affects the whole of Europe .
Lifting the embargo now would be an especially poor message ; it would , I think , be a classic example of hypocrisy and of a selective approach to the defence and protection of human rights around the world .
It is quite simply a pity , as Mr Nicolaï said , that a number of countries are still resolutely standing in the way of a binding framework of this kind .
Three important test criteria are a conventional human rights policy and of course the resultant practice in a given country , regional tensions in a specific field and also the ratio between what a country spends , on the one hand , on combating poverty , and , on the other , on its defence budget .
Let me conclude with the economic aspect .
That is why it is right that the embargo on China should remain in place , and so countries such as the Netherlands , the United Kingdom , Ireland , the Scandinavian countries , Poland and the Czech Republic , which , in the Council , are still saying that they want the embargo to stay , have my full support .
Mr President , I would like to make use of this opportunity to compliment Commissioner Patten , who is still with us in what is actually extra time , on the part he has played over the past years in the Balkans and particularly in the former Yugoslavia .
NATO’s experience in Bosnia and Herzegovina can be drawn on , but political responsibility lies with the European Union , so that it can demonstrate its ability to play a generally external role on a larger scale than before .
For the time being , there is no realistic timeframe for this , but accession to the EU is , so to speak , a civil rather than a military operation .
The fact is that this whole operation , which we call ‘European’ , is founded upon trans-Atlantic cooperation