External factors , such as the consequences of the present financial crisis , will tend to make people vulnerable to these problems .
Not only does mental ill-health entail an expense that is a burden on the healthcare sector and the entire social and economic system ; it also detracts from the quality of life of sufferers and their families to an unnecessary degree .
The differences in standards that apply to prevention and the guarantee of first-rate care are too great , both among the EU countries and regionally within countries .
This entails promoting healthy lifestyles , and listening to children and young people and paying attention to them .
In fact I am like the Member of the Finnish Parliament who rose to speak only once in all his years in the Finnish Parliament and what he said was : 'could you close the window , please ' .
That was self-inflicted and we are saying this crisis must not be repeated , but what about the raison d 'être of the European Union to prevent wars and human crises ?
They must not be repeated either , and they do not fall on us like the roof in the Parliament building in Strasbourg .
I remind you that peace is not the monopoly of this side of the House .
It is a little bit like love .
We have to look far away , like when we run in a forest .
That is what we have to do .
We have to be brutally honest and remember why the EU was formed : it was to build peace .
Only then will history give us a standing ovation .
Mr President , transparency is the basis of democracy .
What can you say about the statement by the Council that outsiders should not be given documents relating to legal advice in connection with legislative procedure ?
Attitudes , therefore , have to change .
Legislation has to change to make the legislative documents of the Council , Parliament and Commission transparent , and the emphasis here is on legislative documents .
That would mean the people would not be told the reasons why this or that law is being enacted ; and the Council says we should not say anything because the public are outsiders .
( The President cut off the speaker ) Mr President , I am very satisfied with the result of the vote on Mrs Schaldemose 's report on online gambling .
That also applies to the many studies that show that the Internet as a tool multiplies these risks .
In many countries in Europe , the proceeds from these games amount to significant sums of money that go , for example , to the arts , science , youth work and hospitals .
Thousands of NGOs benefit from the funding that they provide , besides which gambling games are the biggest source of income for EU-wide sports organisations and , in particular , grassroots sports activities .
It simply means that liberalisation has to be on the Member State 's own terms .
The Commission also gave its first assessment of the results of the European economic stimulus package .
In my opinion , the need to coordinate action by the Member States , which it emphasises , is particularly important .
It is extremely important that EU leaders take decisions with reference to what they say and do not give in to protectionist pressures which , in several countries , are unquestionably drastic .
The EU needs to take a new , ambitious step that constitutes a continuation of the Lisbon Strategy .
With investment in such areas as eco-modernisation , renewable energy sources and information technology , it is possible to establish healthy sectoral change .
The crisis is also an opportunity to steer economic growth along an entirely new avenue , based on renewable energy sources and energy efficiency .
Will the Commission persevere in trying to find a technical solution to the current problems ?
If SIS II cannot get off the ground in its present form , is there a plan B and will such a plan B be presented ?
As Mrs Roure mentioned , the question of SIS II is ultimately a question of the Union 's credibility when it comes to guaranteeing internal security within the EU.
In the long term , therefore , the credibility of the Union 's visa policy is also on the line , that is to say , its ability to manage relations with the surrounding world in a dignified way .
Member of the Commission . - Mr President , today 's debate provides a very good opportunity to review the accession process in the three candidate countries .
I fully agree with Deputy Prime Minster Vondra that the accession negotiations with Croatia have generally been going well since they started in October 2005 , and that is why , in November 2008 , the Commission proposed an indicative road map for reaching the final stage of accession negotiations by the end of 2009 , provided Croatia fulfils the necessary conditions .
We have worked with the Czech Presidency on this matter , and I very much appreciate the support of the Presidency in our efforts to find a viable way forward .
Although this is a bilateral issue , it has become a European problem , and the Commission therefore took the initiative to offer European facilitation to solve the border issue and allow Croatia 's accession negotiations to continue , assuming that both sides found such facilitation useful .
I have since then been discussing the terms of such facilitation with both foreign ministers - most recently in a trilateral meeting yesterday evening - following the decisions of both governments on our initiative .
We agreed to continue the talks in the near future .
By adopting and agreeing the negotiating framework , both Croatia and Slovenia agreed