We have so much to do for that child and for others .
This is no time for the faint-hearted .
If we lack the courage to end discrimination , than at least we must have the integrity and the decency to admit it exists .
As politicians , we must have the courage to be unpopular in the short term to do what is right and just in the long term .
I urge Parliament to support my report .
Mr President , I would like to congratulate Mr Cashman for an excellent report and for taking on board a lot of the points that were raised in the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs .
I found it very useful working so closely together on Article 13 across the board under the Hughes ' procedure .
The Action Programme must enable groups that are discriminated against to take action themselves .
It must ensure equal access to the programme for disabled people and it must make sure that funding does not fall below the preparatory actions .
We must also prepare further for anti-discrimination legislation on all grounds in the future , including a disability directive .
It has been brought home very strongly to me how we much need one in the light of the Article 13 hearings .
Jenny was from the Access Charter , she was the coordinator for the group and I invited her to the hearings on Article 13 .
To start , with she could not get into Parliament except through the swing doors .
Next we booked a disabled access hotel only to find that a single bed was put across the bathroom .
She tried to get a taxi in Brussels and was refused .
She tried to get into a restaurant to have a meal and was refused entry on the grounds that her physical appearance would put other diners off .
The final indignity was that when she went to Brussels airport she was subjected to a full body search and then , when she remonstrated , was told : " Have a nice trip , I hope your plane crashes . "
That is why we need anti-discrimination legislation .
Briefly , on the employment directive , I would like to congratulate Thomas Mann for an excellent report .
Again this was a close working relationship .
This is ground-breaking legislation and it is a gigantic step forward but we must go even further .
I also urge you to vote for the amendment by the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs on age .
Discrimination on any grounds is wrong , equally wrong .
We must vote for both these pieces of legislation tomorrow and at long last demonstrate our commitment to stamping out discrimination in all its forms .
I , too , congratulate both the rapporteurs , Mr Cashman and Mr Mann , on their excellent work .
This package of legislation will open a new and radical chapter in the EU 's history of commitment to securing equal opportunities and combating the modern scourge of discrimination .
This Parliament will send a clear message in our vote to all our citizens that we intend to improve Member States ' record in ensuring respect for equal treatment , irrespective of age , race , disability and sexual orientation .
For individuals in my constituency this legislation is long overdue .
However , I regret that some of the Christian Democrat Members in the Committee on Legal Affairs , in voting against the employment directive , saw it as unnecessary because it would , and I quote : "restrict freedom of choice in private life " .
But I ask you : whose freedom ?
The freedom of those who continue to discriminate against individuals ?
That is a freedom that this House should not seek to protect - it is neither Christian nor democratic !
In addition , their view is that cases of discrimination are not so numerous as to warrant any legislation .
Perhaps they ought to talk more to their local constituents and those who suffer from discrimination .
It is also best to give local examples to show how this legislation is relevant .
In my constituency a retired head teacher from Manchester who is over 70 years of age , with much experience , was appointed to serve on the police authority by Manchester City Council .
Following a complaint about her age , she was told she was too old to take up the position and not eligible , according to the current British Police Act .
This legislation , therefore , is good for individuals like her .
UK employment legislation will now have to be reviewed to ensure that ability , not age , determines who gets the job .
Indeed the Home Secretary , Jack Straw , is now reviewing the legislation to remove such anomalies of discrimination .
Discrimination , in whatever forms it exists , whichever group it affects , is wasteful and unacceptable , as the Confederation of British Industry has said .
Again I quote : " some enlightened employers are realising the potential of employing people from right across the board , from all walks of life .
In another company in my constituency , B&Q , the grey revolution has begun .
In Macclesfield one of their stores is staffed by only over 50 year olds and their oldest employee is 86 !
I think that is a very good example to follow .
This legislation will encourage employers to seek to use the talents , the ability , the experience of all people in our society .
It is the biggest overhaul of discriminatory legislation that we will ever see in Europe and back in our own Member States .
Yes , it will create changes in employment law , yes , it will create changes in general legislation and for the courts