is .
There are very great and understandable conflicts of interest between the populations of the EU 's 15 Member States and only someone entirely insensitive to the interests of the ordinary EU citizen would think that consideration of this factor must be set aside in order to rush through enlargement to the east .
In particular , it would be incredibly worrying if agricultural reform were to be postponed on the grounds that it was likely to become politically impossible after enlargement .
It involves the EU 's having to send several hundreds of billions of kroner eastwards each year .
Despite the desire of European big business for masses of cheap labour and new markets , it is unwise of the EU to ignore the social problems that will be caused for Europeans .
It is in the light of this that I wish to criticise the 'now or never ' mentality .
That is why I am pleased to hear the President-in-Office reject this idea .
The truth is that the countries of Europe have never cooperated more closely than they do today .
That is why the presidency should have a Plan B that can be implemented if Plan A is unsuccessful .
I will end by expressing the desire for the Danish Presidency , as is its custom , to contribute to the EU 's development by listening more to the European voters than we are used to doing .
Their efforts may prove to be historic for two reasons : it may be the last time that the Member States rotate the presidency - that does not have to happen - and enlargement may succeed , or else fail due to too many petty interests .
The candidate countries have to copy every single EU law without the least consideration of their own democracies .
If we now force the Czechs to sell to the highest bidder after a brief transitional period , it is not difficult to predict the result and the reactions among Czech voters .
The EU 's agricultural schemes are expensive for consumers and taxpayers in the EU and do not secure farmers a proper income .
That is why French , Danish , Polish and all other farmers have a common interest in getting agricultural policy reformed , so that it supports farmers ' earnings rather than subsidising unsaleable products , surplus stocks , destruction , the ruin of agricultural production in developing countries , environmental ruin and high prices for consumers for our daily food .
This provides an historic opportunity to get rid of the EU 's failed planned economy .
Why not remove all price subsidies at 20 % per year , give farmers bonds for the fall in the price of land and subsidise the incomes of those worst off ?
If we phase out price subsidies in the EU there will be no reason to allow the new Member States to join the subsidy schemes .
The Danish Presidency should also go through the 85 000 pages of EU laws with a fine-toothed comb .
Let the EU become a Europe of democracies instead of a community of bureaucracies and lobbyists .
Mr President , President-in-Office , President of the Commission , it is always a pleasure to hear Prime Minister Anders Fogh Rasmussen speak and to listen to his visionary observations concerning enlargement to the east .
Everyone must contribute to the success of the expansion , and that applies particularly to Germany and France , which have formed the core of EU development , strongly supported by Spain .
It is likely to end up costing more money than we think at the moment .
It would be a poor show if the EU were unable to share a little of its ever increasing wealth with these countries .
It would be prudent for the President-in-Office and his colleagues to send out a clear message that the extra contribution must not stand in the way of enlargement , which must succeed .
The purpose of enlargement is to create an area of peace , freedom , democracy and wealth .
The enlargement will increase our opportunities for greater efforts against international terrorism and more effective combating of international crime , including human trafficking .
The way to do this is to create a more competitive society such that bureaucratic difficulties and inappropriate agreement conditions are phased out , so that we can achieve the same annual increase in prosperity as American society has succeeded in achieving .
It is therefore crucial that in our development we invest in competitiveness .
Let us prepare ourselves while we have the opportunity to do so ; let us not get bogged down in unimportant details - let us concentrate on the big , forward-looking policies .
We should secure ourselves a leading place within this area through research , development and industrial innovation , as well as more value creation .
The EU represents the group of countries that has the greatest understanding of the circumstances .
We can make a great contribution , but without support from the USA , Russia and the Arab countries our efforts will be in vain .
Finally , I am pleased to hear the President-in-Office state that there will be the greatest possible openness in respect of the Council 's legislation .
It will be a presidency which will differ fundamentally from previous Danish presidencies .
We all have a great political and moral responsibility , and it is of course a prerequisite for success that all parties have the necessary desire to compromise .
They have made great sacrifices , but they are now essentially ready .
This , I feel , is very sensible .
We will now see whether the EU currently has Heads of State with the necessary quality and strength and with visions that extend beyond short-sighted national considerations .
