I am convinced that the current political consensus in aid of a better legislative climate within the European Union will lead to real and permanent improvements .
Consider , in addition , technology , information technology and the different cultures .
It was difficult to convince the Council to adopt this wording , but as rapporteur , I am delighted that both the Council and Commission are now in agreement with this .
Mr President , Commissioner , the common position as it is now before us is the result of sound and constructive cooperation with the Commission and the Council in the spirit of codecision , but particularly thanks to the involvement of my fellow MEPs who have delivered their comments with great care , the recommendation has become a sound , well-balanced and stimulating one , which Member States can now start to use .
In the old days , maybe attending a good school was sufficient , because it enjoyed our ideological trust .
The desire for quality monitoring in education has opened up the door to this large European Community and to the job market of this European Community .
Mr President , Commissioner , this is a sound and very instructive report .
I would therefore like to thank the rapporteur for the amount of work she has put into it .
Our cultural heritage is an excellent tool to make the European dimension visible .
It has a bearing on employment .
Needless to say , the reforms should help restore confidence in Europe .
Parliament is issued with six-monthly reports on this .
In April 1999 , this Parliament found out about this scandalous state of affairs .
I also expect the Commissioner to shed some light on how the Commission will guarantee that each individual Commissioner will ensure that recommendations from the Court of Auditors do not end up in some drawer somewhere , but will be implemented with due care .
I believe it is of utmost importance for the Commission , in its attempts to reduce the unacceptably high percentage of error , to identify the Member States which fail to achieve any improvement in the percentage of error in the case of the biggest expense items , for example .
Continuity , transparency and clear competences are vital parameters in this .
The intentions are good , but the effect will not be evident until we see the results , once , for example , OLAF is working truly independently , once the backlog in payments has been cleared , once fewer errors are made in payments and once we finally gain access to confidential documents .
Moreover , the recent executions force us to revisit the conditions for European aid .
A great deal of funding has been freed up for reconstruction , the organisation of elections , contributions to human rights , etc .
For previous reports , other MEPs have been given the opportunity of going to Bosnia and Herzegovina .
All credit to the Commission for this .
Thanks to the Court of Auditors ' report and the action taken by Parliament , there is now a new mentality in the Office of the High Representative .
Other criticism was expressed with regard to human rights .
Mr President , I would like , in double-quick time , to take you through a number of observations which concern the Court of Auditors ' reports which were , indeed , useful .
This is taking a huge chunk out of the European budget .
Finally , I would like to make an observation with regard to the Dell'Alba report .
Another reason why it fascinates me is that what politicians appear unable to sort out , the European Court of Justice manages to settle , and Member States are always being lectured about putting right any existing mistakes .
Why ?
As far as this is concerned , the Commission should get its act together a bit more , and check and verify the bilateral taxation agreements more , also in the preliminary phases .
I know that the outcome of this was thought to be unpleasant .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to begin by thanking Ria Oomen-Ruijten for the sound cooperation we enjoyed within the framework of this report .
I thought it was a splendid idea to dust down a number of requirements which this Parliament put forward in 1998 further to an own-initiative report and following my own report which is based on a frontier workers petition .
They often work in one country and live in another , and pay taxes in one country and their social contributions in another .
Secondly , we must have the courage to take the conclusions reached in 1998 a little further .
Despite this , I have some observations in this respect , which is also apparent from my amendments .
I am of the opinion that we work to live and not the other way round .
( The President declared the common position approved ) Report ( A5-0351/2000 ) by Mr Doorn , on behalf of the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market , on the Communication from the Commission to the Council and the European Parliament on a review of SLIM : Simpler Legislation for the Internal Market [COM(2000 ) 104 - C5-0209/2000 - 2000/2115(COS)] .
Both the rapporteur and the ELDR Group share the sentiment expressed in Amendment No 1 regarding concern at the possible use made of EU financial support for inciting racial hatred amongst Palestinians against their Jewish neighbours .
What we need is people who want to take up the challenge of producing an outstanding achievement , five-legged sheep as it were , but not obtained through genetic modification .
It requires entrepreneurship , a love of nature and the environment , social orientation and