which this Parliament is giving - and maximum legal security .
I would particularly like to highlight one of the proposals put forward , because I feel it is especially relevant for the sector of business which is most important for economic development and employment in the European Union : small and mediumsized undertakings .
And you should also take advantage of the impetus , the élan vital that is going to permeate so many areas of the economic life of the European Union once we have the euro , in order to try and speed this process up a little .
Firstly , because it agrees with the observations and the position expressed by Mrs Thyssen , and also because we are trying to move forward in certain areas which will allow us to improve the current system .
Some of the amendments being debated , which I hope will be approved , aim to use VAT - and I stress , VAT rather than many other measures that could be taken - to reduce contributions and social burdens .
We have all expressed our opinions already and I do not want to reiterate them .
The Member States and the European institutions , which have succeeded in completing the single market - as will become even more apparent with the advent of the euro - have not been able to agree on a definitive VAT system which corresponds to the demands and the philosophy of the single market , and so , unfortunately , we still have the transitional system .
Mr President , first of all I have a point of order , which I consider to be important .
Finally , I think it is important to highlight the amendment which proposes that subcontracting or supplying companies should be given conditions which are at least as favourable as those granted to the main company by the public authority , by guaranteeing that all the fees due are paid within a determined period .
The figures are as follows : public administrations wait an average of four months in Spain - which is long enough - before paying their creditors , but the companies awarded the contracts wait twice as long - eight months - before paying their suppliers and subcontractors , which must make life very difficult for them .
Therefore we strongly agree with certain amendments that have been introduced by the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy which try to limit this potential abuse of discretion by large companies .
However , I must point out , like other speakers before me , that it contains legal problems that have to be tackled and I trust that these will be resolved in the dialogue between the Commission , the Council and Parliament .
We therefore have to take care that regulatory measures do not end up having a very limited effect , because in applying the theoretical principle of contractual freedom , which , as Mr Pérez Royo highlighted very well , can only be a theoretical principle when the two contracting parties are not in equal positions , in practice large companies are allowed to continue to impose their will on small and medium-sized enterprises .
Finally , I endorse what Mrs Berger said about the Commission 's powers .
One of the major problems for small and medium-sized enterprises is that they have been forced to bankroll large companies in two ways : through long payment periods in contracts , and through non-payments .
Obviously , this is another matter to be dealt with in this directive .
These days , in spite of the 1975 directive - with which Mr Flynn is very familiar - on equal pay for men and women , there continues to be a 25 or 30 % gender gap in earnings for the same type of work .
This declaration must indeed be welcomed but cautiously so .
This announcement fills us with hope but also with caution .
Mr President , a number of specific issues have emerged from the crisis that we have been witnessing over the past few weeks , such as the fact that President Kabila has not kept his main electoral promises and the fact that the opposition parties are still unable to carry out their normal activities .
Why have the United Nations also been unable to intervene in this situation ?
There is a clear lack of regional management structures , of structures that facilitate genuine cooperation in Africa between African countries themselves and which go beyond the existing structures between these countries and other regions such as the European Union .
We hope that the motion will not be ratified , but think it is necessary to inform the El Salvador Parliament of our opposition to this matter and also to show that we intend to support the amendment tabled by the Group of the European People 's Party .
This is why we condemn the death penalty with the same vehemence that we condemn the terms used in paragraph two of the motion for a resolution , which makes cooperation with a sovereign country like El Salvador - a positive and active partner of the European Union - subject to certain conditions .
Mr President , if I could begin with what our colleague Mr Burtone has just said , perhaps it would be better if fires were not categorised as 'natural disasters ' because they are not natural disasters .
And , sometimes , of institutions .
These firms enable women to reconcile work and family life and , at the same time , provide high quality , affordable services which are largely aimed at lessfavoured groups .
I too , of course , should like to offer our support .
