The cultural organisations , which were formerly financed out of Budget Line A signifying administrative expenditure , need a legal basis for their funding to continue .
During the first two years there will be compliance with the decision made by the Committee on Budgets last autumn regarding beneficiaries , which is to say earmarking ; the third year will see a switch over to open application .
When the Commission proposal was being discussed it was evident , for example in the view of all the institutions ’ legal services , that the earlier procedure , in which Parliament mentions organisations to receive grants by name , does not accord with the new Financial Regulation .
It does not meet the requirements of transparency and good administrative practice .
It is immensely important that experts and creative people who work in or for museums , cultural administration , art colleges , schools , the theatre and music have an opportunity for cooperation .
I believe that cultural networks have an important contribution to make to the success of European enlargement .
I believe that now that we are finalising a legal basis for funding for three years we can get off to a good start by making sure of the survival of European-wide cultural networks .
The purpose of these is to provide institutions and organisations in this area with financial support .
Selecting which organisations and institutions should receive financial support seems to have been a remarkably arbitrary process .
This detail received attention when the Financial Regulation was being reviewed , with appropriations earmarked in the budget headings finally being cut or cancelled .
The legal package now under discussion will create a legal basis for grants to organisations active in the fields of education , culture and youth work .
This means that grants to organisations that are repeated and taken for granted should be few in number or they should not exist at all .
Financing has to be channelled in a way that clearly defines those targets the achievement of which the EU supports , and any recipient of aid must produce a credible report on the use of funds .
This would also lend much support to giving priority to science’s Sixth Framework Programme and improving the standard , quality and coverage of environmental research .
I am very worried that the investigation will restrict itself to the quality of the air outdoors and rather narrowly to the contamination of this type of air .
Might one consider it applying to clean air in all its forms , including that to be found indoors ?
The framework directive lists the air pollutants for which limit values , target values and , where necessary , alert thresholds must be laid down .
At the present time it is difficult to measure the tiniest particles of all and for that reason it is in practice impossible .
The risk to health is obvious .
As the package of four directives on ambient air quality is now being finalised , the working groups should be given the task of dealing with the problems relating to small particles with the aim of establishing common methods and assessment criteria in the Member States .
This would be an essential addition to the list of Community objectives to improve air quality and promote public health in the Member States .     – Mr President , I think this is such an important directive that there is very good reason here to speak passionately about this subject .
The objective is to prevent and reduce the harmful effects of air pollutants on human health and the environment .
One might also argue that , if limit values were set , they would then lead to cost-effective measures having to be found .
Effective monitoring will mean it will be possible to set new binding limit values as new technical applications are established .
The de-coupling of support and production will probably appeal in particular to those opposed to tobacco cultivation .
Under the single payment scheme , over EUR 6 000 per hectare would be paid ; in other words , the aid would be received even if no tobacco were produced at all .
This is part of the agricultural reform .
The reform will be very difficult to apply in practice as farms vary in different parts of the EU , as do the conditions of their management .
Commissioner Fischler , it was not for nothing that you pointed this out in your letters to the Ministers for Agriculture .
Will the taxpayer agree to aid being paid even if nothing is produced ?     – Mr President , in seeking solutions to the EU’s institutional reforms and the problems that have resulted from the failure of the Intergovernmental Conference , we must keep our minds on the internal market and maintaining and improving the competitiveness of our economy .
The implementation of internal market legislation at national level is an absolute precondition for achieving the Lisbon objectives .
An accusing finger cannot just be pointed at the inertia of the Member States in the implementation of the Lisbon objectives .
At present the Commissioners are very torn on their directives .
On the contrary , it will become seriously endangered .
Competitiveness and a healthy Europe are not a Utopian dream .
New magic remedies are not required .
Countries just have to do what they said they would .     – Mr President , the Union is now making its biggest political decision ever , because the difference between the new and the current Member States is greater than in previous rounds of enlargement .
The European Union will not resolve conflicts through war or by using force , but through negotiation .
It is also connected with the rights of employees , and consequently , the tripartite