We would be in danger of going backwards , to a patchwork of 27 uncoordinated national regulatory systems , and of reducing to nothing five years of work towards harmonisation .
It is also true that the Commission has a tool in this field , and that is the Treaty rules on State aid .
I come now to the problem of funding .
The very strong transatlantic links that unite our two continents are based on millions of personal stories just like mine .
We must continue being vigilant without undermining fair trade .
We must maintain our position in what has become a multi-polar world .
What are at stake are both Europe 's model of society and its democratic identity .
For the time being , there has been no request , no legal analysis , as Mr Gargani has said .
They are those of a member of government .
Account must be taken of others ' circumstances , and the freedom of one party stops where that of the other begins .
Our colleague , Mr Brok , has undergone an operation .
Consequently , we have always been informed of his positions and of the progress of the dossier after every discussion with the Commission and the Presidency of the Council .
It is this second way that is proposed in the regional strategy for the Horn of Africa , which the Commission presented in its communication of October 2006 .
I should also like to point out that the strategy for the Horn proposed by the Commission is not intended to supplant the strategies prepared in the context of the 10th European Development Fund .
Since , then , a debate such as this one is suited to this purpose , I have to tell you that if , in Somalia , things are not going well , or moving forward at a good pace , it is for two essential reasons .
During the vote on the Rocard report on reforms in the Arab world , we had to express an opinion on Amendment 21 , which calls on those Arab countries that have not yet done so to commit themselves more fully to religious freedom or to the right of individuals and communities freely to profess their beliefs and practise their faith , also guaranteeing the independence and separation of institutions and political power from the religious authorities .
This is a first step , but one that is far from addressing the main issue : guaranteeing the right to housing to all those who live in the European Union .
Indeed , as we fall further and further behind in applying our decisions , the measures to be implemented are , for their part , becoming ever more numerous and necessary .
Well done on doubling the amount of appropriations that will thus be devoted to the Commission !
At EU level , the figures also very much speak for themselves : Natura 2000 consists of more than 25 000 sites ; it is a network that is present in 16 capitals and that covers nearly 20 % of the terrestrial area of the EU-27 .
If we did not define any transitional areas , there might be a perverse effect , whereby we avoided controls in those areas and , therefore , were unaware of what was going on there .
However , for the sake of compromise , the Socialist Group in the European Parliament accepted the proposal made by our rapporteur , Mrs Laperrouze - to whom I should like to pay tribute for her sterling work and personal commitment - and withdrew its amendment .
The fight against violence also necessarily hinges on the way in which we treat the promoters of such violence .
She would have liked to have spoken on the subject of the particular circumstances of the Union 's outermost regions , which are particularly dear to her heart .
I do not know what Mr Sarkozy has been doing over the last five years , but he has certainly not been reading the reports by this Parliament , or the records of the Council or the speeches by Mr Mandelson and his predecessor .
This dynamic , which is driven by a Member State that rejected the draft Treaty , already has the support of several other EU Member States and must be turned to good account if progress is to be made .
It was the winner , not against Russia - which is a partner whom we respect - but in terms of affirming our convictions and ideals .
To what extent does democracy end where the reign of the open market economy or free competition begins ?
In June she will be able to present a roadmap relaunching the constitutional process and signing the death warrant for the nations and the sovereignty of the peoples .
Therefore , under no circumstances must they be subject to the European rules on competition , State aid , public contracts or the internal market .
Mr Balkenende , you are the Prime Minister of the country that is perhaps most open to the European spirit , I am not afraid to say , a country in which tolerance and solidarity are the driving force of social cohesion .
You have carried out these reforms by respecting values , solidarity , open-mindedness and responsibility .
Nigeria is one of the largest countries in Africa and , just as it has done in the Democratic Republic of Congo , the European Union has put effort into organising elections and observing elections there .
That being said , the chaotic and violent situation that reigns in Nigeria , especially in the delta region , must open our eyes to a number of issues - obvious and outstanding issues .
You have also pointed out , Mr President , that , I quote : 'a two-state solution on