plan to assist in strengthening the faltering democratisation process there ?
Although the Indian Constitution expressly guarantees religious freedom , the violence goes on .
Not at all .
India is not the only country where religious groups are pitted against one another , however .
Similar problems exist elsewhere in Asia , for example in Pakistan , Bangladesh and the Maldives .
We must also counter violent crimes against individuals on the basis of their sexual orientation .
A large part of the problem could well be that the Commission does not want to admit what is really at stake .
The Commission proposes that Articles 4 , 5 and 6 should apply only to claims not more than three years old .
I am not sure that we should be saying that national claims are secondary in importance to claims payable to the Community budget .
The Green Group will be supporting the report , together with the amendments from Mr Bardong and the Committee on Budgetary Control .
These situations arise because large numbers of salmon regularly escape from fish farms .
A whole host of problems surround aquaculture and salmon farming in general .
Norway recently came forward with a plan to treat 20 rivers with rotenone .
The Heads of State and Government , when they met in Cardiff and Vienna , promised to conclude the agreement as soon as possible , and no later than March 1999 .
What has Europe done ?
Well , our predatory pricing tactics have forced down the price of tomatoes on the South African market , thereby putting thousands of women out of work - women who , in turn , provide for seven or eight other people - and now , at the last minute , we are quibbling over port and sherry .
Of course , it is not just the European countries that are protesting with whom we should be having discussions : South Africa should also be a party to the talks .
Madam President , we Europeans have good reason to be ashamed of the totally inadequate support we gave the people of South Africa during apartheid .
The arguments put forward by the French , Italian , Portuguese and Spanish ministers for not approving the agreement are trivial and petty in the extreme .
For my part , I can assure the Council that indignation is rife in the House over what we see as a betrayal of the strong desire that exists in Europe for an expansive and warm relationship with a country and a continent that are close to our hearts .
I am one of those who has doubts about carrying harmonisation of social legislation in the different countries to extremes .
There are already huge differences in the conditions that exist in the Member States , and they will increase dramatically with each enlargement of the Union to include the countries of Eastern Europe .
I do not believe that an across-the-board reduction in working time is the answer where traffic safety is concerned .
Mr President , I can only agree with what Mrs Matikainen-Kallström said in her excellent speech and with her views on tobacco , which I entirely share .
However , the internal market makes that rather difficult .
It is therefore essential for the Commission to review the problem of taxation , so as to allow individual countries to impose higher taxes .
Mr President , this is clearly no easy matter to deal with .
As the rapporteur has pointed out , it would be advantageous in some cases , for instance scientific research and small businesses which are unfamiliar with the procedures .
The disadvantages that have been mentioned include uncertainty about the law and legal procedures , and the possibility that European businesses may end up in a worse situation than their American counterparts .
We should also have made provision for a grace period .
Such a clear boundary is considerably better .
Secondly , what was such a view based on ?
If the Commissioner does not have a problem with the legal base , then as regards the Daphne programme , nor do I. It is just that my own personal dream of including preventive medicine and the trade in women has still not been fulfilled .
Even though we politicians may be amazingly competent , we cannot deny that there is a need for teamwork between us who are elected by the people and those who toil at grass-roots level .
It made me think that if only it were a simple matter for myself and our children to wear jeans , we would have an infinitely better working arrangement with the jeans manufacturers who are currently having such problems .
I am delighted about the ' White Ribbon ' campaign , organised by 'real ' men in Canada to demonstrate , by wearing this token , that they actively oppose violence by other men against women .
Obviously , there are other men who are .
Finally , I should like to extend my thanks to Leyla Zana , one of several women who are still the victims of political violence .
In that category belong , for example , Amendment No 60 on the agreement between the labour market partners , Amendment No 69 on the Council 's foreign policy representative and Amendment No 16 relating to the President of the Commission .
I think there are many people in the House who regard censorship of this type as undesirable .
I simply cannot find a logical reason for such a proposal .
The Rules of Procedure should be politically neutral .
Such a change would only add to the difficulties .
Consequently , I am going to vote against these two proposals .
' We have requested that these last three words 'under certain conditions ' should be deleted