and to what we are saying 'yes' , that is , to this report and to human rights without ifs and buts .
We pointed the way with our collaboration with the ACP states on the Cotonou Agreement , with its clauses on human rights and democracy , and its commitment to good governance and the rule of law .
The Commission is prepared to discuss the form this clause should take in future and how it is to be applied efficiently , and , in doing so , will attach great importance to Parliament 's conceptions .
It is only right that the whole political debate has been permeated by the fight against terrorism .
Yet today 's backflow is not really cause for rejoicing , as it only means that there are resources that have not been utilised .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , this evening is a special one for me , as , by way of exception , I am not at all in agreement with the Committee on Budget 's resolution , and take a different view of these matters .
If there are no invoices , then nothing can be paid out .
I think there are a number of parallels between them , and Social Democrat members can note with satisfaction that yet another building block has been added to implement the platform of the Beijing Conference on Women .
I believe we are familiar enough with the problem .
The report informs the public about progress made in the field of equal opportunities , and is of course at the same time a means of monitoring the Commission 's strategy of involving gender issues in all the EU 's policies and in all its programmes .
Over the past year , positive developments in the area of equal opportunities have been noted in the candidate countries , although not all the necessary conditions have as yet been met .
The nine months since the Commission 's adoption of the action programme have seen the introduction of various measures for the programme 's effective implementation , most of which deal with points addressed in your report .
The Commission especially welcomes the agreement on a proactive and transparent information policy enabling Europe 's citizens to be made more aware of the Employment Strategy 's successes .
Now , then , to my report , in which I have consciously limited myself to the Commission 's report on the implementation of the multi-annual guidance programmes for reducing fleets .
I will conclude by thanking all my fellow MEPs who have helped with this difficult task , and , in particular , the Commission for its constructive cooperation .
In your first and second points , you call on those Member States that have not reached their MAGP objectives to make greater efforts at reducing their fleets .
I accept your eighth point as well .
We reject the idea of immediate access to the labour market for applicants for asylum and all their accompanying family members , which goes hand in hand with total freedom of movement right across the European Union .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , let me start by thanking Mr Hernández Mollar for his efforts towards reaching agreement on his report and the further amendments to the proposed directive that is under discussion today .
I said at the outset that the Commission regards the adoption of the proposal as a milestone on the road that leads to a common European asylum system .
The events of 11 September had a far-reaching influence on the way the international community saw and understood this conference , bringing as they did in a tragic way the extent to which we depend on each other to the attention of a vast public quite apart from those who concern themselves with issues of development policy .
That is the object of the Council resolution and the Commission communication on the implementation of the HIPC Initiative .
The second important issue that was raised had to do with how we intend to ensure that the Member States actually keep to the commitments they make in Council .
We should like , however , to be given still more precise information by the Council and the Commission , for we are extremely concerned that elections are being held but are not being conducted democratically .
We can also learn more from Sweden in this area .
It is simply not acceptable that , at public expense , the police in my country patrol and oversee every football match , from which the professional clubs do not earn such a bad living , while the Member States do not wish to make their contribution to the cost of increased security measures at airports , which are in the interests of everyone and not only of the airports .
I must also take this opportunity to express my sincere thanks to the rapporteur for the first reading , Mrs Oomen-Ruijten .
The biggest discrepancies , here in Parliament too , naturally revolve around the issue of principle concerning whether we should harmonise on a maximum or minimum basis .
The objective that this proposal for a directive has in view - the guaranteeing of a high level of consumer protection in order to safeguard the free movement of financial services - means that the Member States should not be given the option of implementing other - perhaps more extensive - provisions in the areas harmonised by this directive .
The reason I say this is that , from these points of view , consumers are afforded better protection where provision is made for the statements they make to be authenticated by a notary .
It would also be encouraging if a 'think tank ' could be created , consisting of members of NGOs , educators , administrators , and academics together with citizens from the participating countries