There is nothing comparable at European level .
The problem is this : at the end of the day we cannot complete the internal market as long as we are working to 15 sets of national rules .
In far too many areas we see , time and time again , that many Member States regard the improper use of EU funds , and EU funds alone , as a pardonable offence , and that even national prosecution authorities take a very long time to deal with these fraudulent offences by way of appropriate sanctions .
I was slightly amazed that approaches were made to me on this subject late last night .
But I would say that all those Members , wherever they may be , will now be leaving me out on a limb if they vote against the resolution on the basis of the withdrawal of the corrigendum .
A botched-up tachograph will certainly do nothing to increase measurement accuracy .4.Competition is being made very easy for the countries of central and eastern Europe .
I must compliment the Commission for having basically adhered to the conclusions of those debates .
For this reason we should be working with ventures which already exist and , instead of complicating the process by introducing a tendering system , let us therefore first take on those which have been successful .
Parliament wants to promote this through the SME guarantee facility and in so doing to create more jobs .
I therefore fully support the adoption of Amendment No 10 .
Using taxes obtained from this source to create a fund for debt reduction for the poorest countries is without doubt a very practical move .
Basically it has to be said that productivity in the European shipyards has increased in recent years .
We really must insist that the new shipbuilding nations , such as the People 's Republic of China and Poland , endorse the OECD agreement , as it is no use having only some of the countries sign up to the OECD agreement , whilst the People 's Republic of China and Poland continue with their own shipbuilding policies .
It is a sector-orientated policy which we are deciding upon and there can be no new distortion of competition within the European Community .
The environment creates jobs - that is all I can say - and in this case it succeeded !
In non-binding declarations , demands for the integration of people with disabilities are made repeatedly .
Mr President , many years ago the European Community introduced pan-European standards for tractor seats .
In this area , a SLIM initiative should also be implemented , which concentrates on the essential political aspects .
I am at all times very happy to support demands for equality of opportunity for people with reduced mobility .
If we were to adopt all the amendments tabled - and I believe there are 120 - we would be at even greater risk .
However , I draw attention to the fact that this is also a compromise between a national tradition and safety requirements , regardless of how much I can appreciate the pleasure of our British colleagues .
Boarding this kind of bus may well require more time .
On the other hand , we want to take account of the regional situation and drive development forward here .
Much too little is said about armaments policy , restriction of weapons sales and the effective control of the weapons trade .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the Rocard and Vecchi reports should be approved with firm conviction .
To a greater extent than was previously the case , the supporters of development policy can be part of a concept for the future which promises success .
Commissioner , my special plea would be that we ensure with the appropriate structures that increasingly stable and above all convertible currencies are created in the developing countries .
The pre-conditions have not really been fulfilled there .
Mr President , allow me to deal particularly with the Partnership and Cooperation Agreement in this debate .
The Chechen war showed that clearly , and there will be more colonial wars .
It faces great challenges , because these relationships will have far-reaching consequences on the negotiations which have just begun with all countries .
On 9 March we gave the starting signal .
It has been my opinion for many years that we as the European Parliament can in future no longer afford to pass technical legislation by means of hundreds of amendments .
I proposed this before the vote in the committee .
This experience shows the importance of regular monetary dialogue , which actually concentrates on the monetary subjects which are currently of intense topicality , does so calmly and will continue to do so .
Mr President , as rapporteur I would like to ask that the election campaign in certain Member States should remain outside the House at a time of such an important decision for the future of European democracy and for the historical project of monetary union .
Therefore , the President of the European Central Bank must justify his actions , be accountable , explain to people why he has made certain decisions in favour of monetary stability , and he must be involved in a dialogue .
This practice is incomprehensible and unacceptable , and I believe that we should change it .
I hope that the foreign ministers at their first conference under the Austrian Presidency will continue this initiative accordingly .
It is not the champions of the Christian West , as Mr Yilmaz said , who prevent Turkish accession , but primarily the still unfulfilled preconditions for accession .
The elections at the end of the year may bring further stabilization in terms of concentration on reconstruction and more cooperation between the sub-republics .
A new start is necessary .
They are two very good reports , two short but pregnant reports , which