of the Council .
After all , that is what normal democracy is all about .
The Council 's action directly called into question the rules on openness and constitutional law at national level .
That case , like many others , demonstrates the need for a quick and inexpensive way of appealing against decisions by the EU to withhold certain documents .
The Lööw report is an important and constructive piece of work , and is worthy of greater attention .
The proposals relating to guaranteed freedom of speech for officials , public access to Council meetings of a legislative nature and the right of appeal to the Court of Justice against decisions to withhold documents , without incurring costs , do give the report some muscle .
Three cheers for the report and the five amendments !
We began our work on openness and transparency in the Committee on Institutional Affairs long before the Treaty of Amsterdam .
However , the need for openness and transparency is not confined to allowing the public access to documents ; it also applies to the entire decision-making process and to public-sector activities , as well as to how public money is spent .
I only mention this so that we do not think that we have produced a report that is all-embracing .
I believe this is a basic element in any genuine principle of public access .
In ten years , they have moved from dictatorship and a Soviet-style planned economy to democracy and a market economy .
The political and economic pressures on these countries are enormous .
We very much regret that this was not done .
The majority of the world 's goods are therefore transported by sea .
In terms of figures , this means that the EU 's ports handle over 90 % of Community trade with third countries and that 30 % of intra-EU traffic is handled by the port sector .
During its work , the committee stressed that the various research and development studies being carried out in the infrastructure sector should take account of long-term environmental effects .
While all of this is extremely good news , it is essential to encourage the sector and to promote further development .
It would enable us for the first time to adopt a truly comprehensive approach to the transport sector as a whole .
They must be extended as quickly as possible to cover the EU 's neighbours and , in particular , the applicant countries in the former Eastern bloc states .
However , I still believe that a decision on this proposal should be postponed until the Finnish Presidency .
The Commission proposed strict responsibility - in Finnish 'ankara vastuu ' . Now it appears that the Council intends to change this .
Is there to be a special technique for this or not ?
That is perfectly reasonable .
Finally , I should like to ask the language services whether they do not think that in Swedish the term should be 'elektroniska underskrifter ' rather than 'elektroniska signaturer ' .
Unfortunately , however , participants in the 'climax ' are rather thin on the ground .
I should like to thank Mrs Pollack for her work on this directive , which is a complex document because of its technical nature .
She has dealt with the issues in a pragmatic way and has achieved results .
At the same time , our aim is to bring about a further improvement in people 's health , and this is what we are calling for .
We must therefore look at air quality in general , and not just at the situation in specific areas .
What is required is a strong political will .
Our agricultural policy has been handed down to us from the 1950s .
It is also interesting to note that the USA has reintroduced significant agricultural support measures .
In my view , it is an absurd situation when prices drop so far that they cannot be compensated for by direct payments .
A reduction in prices to world market levels for milk , beef and cereals has been proposed .
I have to say that I think the Commission 's proposals are better and more carefully thought out , and therefore more deserving of our support .
The danger in some of Parliament 's proposals lies in the fact that they go only half way and would make it harder for European agriculture to operate on the world market and achieve the competitiveness that is essential for our long-term survival .
This is where we find the family-run farms .
This is rather an interesting piece of news , since it could be that discussions do not take place within the Council itself but elsewhere , for example in the K4 Committee and in other committees and working groups .
However , the question still remains : why does the Council not find it convenient to discuss the matter openly with the European Parliament , particularly in view of the fact that it has a direct bearing on the public 's right to privacy ?
Equivalent legislation already exists in the USA .
Mr President , the Green Group , including myself , agrees with the Commission and its Members when they say that there is no need for a global regulatory framework , nor a new international authority to regulate the Internet .
Any agreement reached between the different countries should not be legally binding , but more on the lines of a code of conduct or , in the words of the rapporteur , a kind of highway code for the Internet .
However , they have also tabled some amendments relating to the interests of the general public which we can support .
I am referring in particular to resolving the problems posed by the Internet domain names , and here I believe the Commission has chosen the right way forward