We should not string Turkey along any longer .
But we will never find out if we do not now try to start Turkey along the path which will perhaps bring it to a position where , if it wishes , it can enter into accession negotiations with us .
I do not dispute that there are cultural differences between Europe , which is overwhelmingly typically Christian , and this part of Europe and Turkey , which is typically Islamic .
I consider the working party on regional cooperation important in taking forward the multilateral negotiations of the Madrid Process .
That problem is not solved by using the Fridays but by the way we structure our work in committees and groups so that we can timetable working weeks without any sittings , which can be used for any one of the three types of work , but the great majority of us will spend in our own constituencies .
I am therefore opposed to extending the established enlargement process now to just any other country .
Progress to an exceptional extent and at an exceptional rate in the globalisation of real activity now makes further development of this multilateral body of regulations , which was based on GATT and is now the World Trade Organisation , the WTO , imperative .
It will represent its position within the framework of its resolution , which will certainly be adopted in November , in an energetically coherent but also responsible manner .
We must make it clear that everyone has something to gain from an open system of world trade .
What developing countries need , as they are not equally strong economic partners , is a special position laid down by agreement , and this should be the rule , not the exception .
I have already said this on many occasions .
I shall now mention three of these aspects .
In fact , what has happened is quite the opposite !
We also want improved access to markets in non-EU countries for goods and services , and in the telecommunications services which give the necessary support to electronic commerce .
That is why we need a catalogue of minimum standards for international rules for competition which must be laid down in national rules for competition .
This occurred firstly in the delegations for example , where one sometimes had the impression that the European Commission did the actual negotiating there , and that the Members of Parliament who were also present , were just there to make up the numbers .
Unfortunately , I have heard you say very little about these things here today .
Between five and ten per cent of the European Union ' s energy consumption is wasted because we do not switch off our televisions and other electrical appliances , but leave them on stand-by .
Therefore , I would like to suggest two things : firstly , we should endorse Mr Lange ' s call to reach agreement on the emissions trade with the close involvement of Parliament , because such a powerful intervention in trade policy would be very difficult to carry out against Parliament ' s wishes .
The question obviously still remains as to how you produce a Directive on phasing in renewable energies , and providing compensation which actually covers the costs .
We still have things to do as regards the refugee problem from previous conflicts .
This is what we should avoid this time .
For this reason , it is good that we are today dealing with this matter in an urgent procedure .
All attempts at dialogue with the opposition are counteracted in practice by human rights ' violations on the streets and in the prisons and by violations against the free press .
All nuclear reactors have a risk attached to them , to say nothing of the fact that the permanent disposal of nuclear waste is not safe in any area .
Many Europeans have been shocked and disgusted over the last few days to discover that in a country with which we are on very friendly terms , and to which we Europeans , especially those in my own country , owe a great debt of gratitude , that is , the United States of America , it is still legally possible to put children on trial and to take them away from their homes in handcuffs and shackles .
The Commission , however , did not draw up the definitive list of candidates in time .
It sets out the obligations and rights of those affected by investigations .
Secondly , we have taken all conceivable precautions to ensure the independence of this office in its investigative work , even though it is officially , and organisationally , a department of the Commission .
The appointment of the director will obviously play a major role in the office ' s ability to do its job .
For this reason , the directive aims to open up the market to third countries and provides for cross-border agreements .
I would like to offer a word of thanks in particular to the Commission and to the Council for the extremely cooperative way in which they both worked together with Parliament .
What we have here is a precise , straightforward rule that lays down only a few requirements .
In accepting one of the amendments we want to establish this week that it is the responsibility of the Member States to stipulate those legal areas where the use of electronic signatures may apply .
Firstly , it is extremely important that a Europe-wide system for electronic signatures is established , one which will be open to global developments and ready to integrate them .
We also believe that an advisory committee would be the appropriate instrument for this .
The directive represents a competitive advantage and raises the competitiveness of European and particularly Austrian cableway companies .
The Council draft reckons with