.
I would like to emphasize this last point , because I was very pleased with what Commissioner Monti said , on the first day of Parliament 's current part-session , when he stated the possibility of concrete intervention .
Anyone who saw it on television - and a great many people did see it , not only nationally but throughout Europe - could see great despair in the eyes of those people , but also great dignity .
With the availability expressed by Commissioner Monti , we should remodel the resources and structural funds which , like Objective 1 , have more often been shown to be lacking in terms of cost capacity rather than planning .
For this reason we must ask the Italian authorities to provide stable and conclusive information , firstly as regards the persons evacuated .
There is a tragic emergency in Campania ; there is a request to use funds ; these funds are needed to bring life back to a region of the European Union .
Either our demonstrations become pure ritual , as is often the case , or the European Union must really show not just solidarity , but that in some fields - in particular in land management in Europe - it can draw up a policy to deal with the situation .
The National Alliance delegation supports the contents of the joint resolution and joins in the grief for the families of the victims .
However , we can already imagine what the Commissioner will reply in response to the request for aid from the Commission : that there is no EU budget line for immediate and visible aid to affected populations .
However , I think the crux of the matter lies not so much in the quantity of information as in its quality and its intrinsic capacity to become communication , that is to transmit a message to the general public , or present a positive image of the institution , or even to illustrate metaphorically an action or position .
Almost all the Commission 's Directorates-General , apart from the Presidency , publish and disseminate information .
When will we be able to celebrate achieving political union , the only way to make Europe no longer just an area of free trade , run by individual countries and their interests or by certain multinationals , but a true citizens ' Europe with common objectives and a more certain and peaceful future ?
( The President interrupted the speaker )
That is therefore the reason why institutional reforms are increasingly unavoidable , whatever their merit .
I think it is extremely important that this Parliament send a message to the future Parliament - the Parliament which will be elected in 1999 - a message that there must necessarily be innovations to the institutions .
As a Member of this Parliament , I believe that we must hope that foreign policy becomes a constant and common theme of all the political forces in the next European elections .
Given this democratic strength , we must demand a greater role for the Parliament to contribute to giving the European Union an authentic foreign policy which , today , as we are all aware , is lacking or is completely insufficient .
I am referring in particular to Italy , where there are already large-scale programmes for the transfer of resources from productive areas to areas that are at present assisted .
Compliance with these conditions means that the overall amount of the European Parliament budget comes to ECU 916.1 million , with an increase of barely 0.88 per cent compared to 1998 and an operating margin of 28.5 million EC U.
This need is contained in the proposal to create 10 new temporary posts , linked to the enlargement process , on the basis of the job description which will be presented by the Secretary General to the competent bodies before the first reading of the draft budget .
I would also like to underline the harmonious relationship created with the President 's Office and particularly in the last phase with the Vice-President entrusted with the dossier , my colleague and dear friend Lucas Pires , which is another small reason why we mourn his tragic and premature death .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , Madam Commissioner , a year ago the Council decided to modify the Treaty on European Union inserting an important clarification into Article 130a , at the heart of the cohesion policy .
I do not want this House to open the controversy on the linguistic translation of Article 158 - the Committee on Regional Policy did not concern itself with this problem - and I leave that task to whoever is competent in this Parliament and possibly the Court of Justice .
I would rather discuss giving concrete expression to Article 158 .
There are three key expressions .
Madam President , the National Alliance and I in particular are aware of the disadvantages of the island regions , and in accordance with our position in matters of economic and social cohesion , we are very concerned for the future of the islands , if the reform of the Structural Funds is approved without substantial changes .
Finally , particular importance should be given to preventing damage to and safeguarding the environment , with appropriate measures to exploit the enormous potential of the regions in question .
A short while ago , a British Member very rightly said that people who behaved badly with the French at football matches do not represent the whole of Great Britain but a part that he and many others disown .
Furthermore , the agreement was initialled by the Commission without first consulting Parliament for an opinion , which is why I agree with the rapporteur who maintains that Parliament must be informed and that the protocol must be observed