A key aspect of your line of argument is that the people of the European Union should be our first priority .
Lastly , a final question : do you have the courage to initiate your own process of openness in relation to the post-Nice era , of precisely the kind put forward by the President of the Commission ?
I am delighted that a situation has arisen in the meantime in which the partners have had it pointed out to them once again that they still have the chance to enter into consultation or reach agreements .
Mr President , Commissioner , first of all , I would like to thank the rapporteur for her outstanding report on a subject which touches the daily lives of every citizen , wherever he or she happens to be in Europe , namely our own safety on the roads and that of our children .
We do not wish to extend this limit but we do think that harmonisation of this limit will enhance people ' s legal certainty in a Union where many citizens cross the internal borders daily , and where the mobility of employees is precisely what we want to promote .
An objective must be realistic and achievable , that is what motivates and stimulates .
But that being the case , a few warnings are in order for the relevant sectors .
Now if you take that as your point of departure , none of this is really going to make any headway .
The extension of the PACT programme , pilot actions in combined transport , will also spur matters on .
We want to give this trend a huge boost .
In fact we expect more from the Commission than the signal sent out by what , in a sense , remains of the Costa report .
Again , there is more than enough data for us to make headway with this whole affair .
Yet this cross-border problem demands a cross-border solution .
That is something we are all agreed on in this House .
I can fully identify with Mr Bouwman' s amendments on this point , as I could with his contribution .
Mr President , I have not yet reached the point that a number of people whom I have heard speak this evening have reached .
This report talks about balancing the payment of social costs between the different modes of transport .
Road and passenger traffic already pay far more than their share in terms of social costs .
However , in practice , it would appear that such measures would be attended by unexpected and unintended effects .
Firstly we must consider in real terms whether this would lead to distortion of competition and an increase in the total costs .
The few strategies which were set up have always been strategies with target figures or quotas - call them what you will .
I am in favour of a quota system .
The first is that all week we have been hearing people talking about the decision to abolish the Friday sitting .
That , however , is not justified .
Furthermore , it is questionable whether forests could be used as carbon sink in order to achieve the Kyoto emission targets .
We are pleased that the Cambodian National Assembly has decided on this unanimously and would like the court rulings to be carried out as soon as possible .
By way of conclusion , Mr President , we call on the international community and Cambodia to ensure that the Khmer Rouge killers are brought to justice in a speedy , fair and comprehensive trial , and to prevent the tribunal from degenerating into a charade .
Who are we then to criticise what is happening now , but we do have grave doubts about the way in which this has been organised .
Mr President , we can certainly support the thrust of the present resolution .
It is precisely this specific humanitarian problem which poses a direct threat to the authority of President Shevarnadze .
This silence is in stark contrast with our condemnation of what else goes wrong in the world .
But little of these promises has been translated into action .
Or is it mainly the fear of further fanning the flames of Muslim fundamentalism ?
Mr President , I welcome the fact that this matter features on the agenda here today , for the International Criminal Court is doing well .
It is a joy to see that 27 countries have already ratified it , eight of which are in the European Union , but Sweden , the United Kingdom , Portugal , the Netherlands , Ireland , Greece and Denmark have not yet signed it .
I welcome the resolution which we were able to draft together , but I do consider it to be the bare minimum after all the disasters which El Salvador has experienced , and now after this last earthquake disaster .
If truth be told , I find it a bit of a flimsy resolution , for although the feeling of solidarity which we all share and which gave rise to this resolution may be expressed well , we need to translate our solidarity into action , and that is why , on behalf of our group , we have tabled a few more amendments in order to bring this idea more into focus and to reinforce it .
Financially , we simply lack the resources to do an awful lot and what is more , the European Union ' s external relations have been such that we cannot afford to be overly confident .
Enlargement deserves all our attention in the near future .
The economies of the partner countries are still very vulnerable .
It is better to do one thing which is slightly