have had in common is that , instead of souvenirs in the shape of real breakthroughs , we have seen a pat on the back for the EU for leading the way in its unilateral actions and environmental aspirations , and then off we go again for another year .
We have therefore had to hope that negotiations outside the Kyoto Protocol framework will result in emissions cuts among the world 's four largest polluters , the United States of America , China , India and Russia .
Perhaps the most tangible challenge for developing countries is the notion of solidarity .
Of course their citizens have a right to economic growth , but it is in everyone 's interests that that growth be as clean as possible .
For people in the developing world , however , there is no solidarity in having their environment contaminated .
How do we move forward from this situation ?
When almost two years ago we started this work , we were assured that this would above all be a technical measure , the sole purpose of which was to use the UN Firearms Protocol to enable it to become EU legislation .
The process , however , was anything but a technical one .
Under the leadership of our rapporteur , Mrs Kallenbach , however , we found a balanced compromise among the main groups , one which takes account of the safety of individuals and society as well as the needs of those who enjoy using weapons as a pastime and hunters too , for example .
The lives of hunters and marksmen will be made a lot easier when the European Firearms Pass is the only document they need when travelling from one country to another , and there should be no fee charged for one .
It is directives such as these which prove their worth in the eyes of the public .
The report will help achieve this objective .
We Finns have been concerned about whether or not young people should be allowed to continue to hunt for pleasure .
I think it is important that this best practice and long tradition in Finland will also be able to continue after the new directive has been adopted .
This directive brings new hope to this situation , with its aim of halting the pollution of the seas and reviving their biodiversity .
One example of how our opinions differed related to the future prospects for a technique for carbon capture and storage .
I believe that the compromise we have now reached is satisfactory to all parties .
It is ambitious in its targets , leaving the means of accomplishing them to the Member States , though obliging them to cooperate in each Marine Region for the best result .
At the same time it will no longer specify in detail the various steps taken as being threats , since the list cannot be exhaustive , and it would accord the steps taken in the marine environment unequal status .
I would like to thank my colleague , Mrs Lienemann , for her successful work .
I am sure that the Marine Strategy Directive will be an excellent environmental pillar of a common EU maritime policy .
Although this is an increase of 5.71 % , the payments are just 0.96 % of GNI , i .e .
EUR 9.3 billion under the multiannual financial framework .
Parliament did much to promote financing for the two-year project for the Galileo Positioning System and the European Institute of Innovation and Technology .
There was a gap in the financing of EUR 2.4 billion when the private sector pulled out .
A choice had to be made in this budgetary procedure : either to continue with all the resources needed or end it immediately .
For the funds needed we took EUR 1.6 billion from this year 's unused agriculture expenditure , and EUR 200 million from the flexibility instrument , and the rest we obtained by prioritising and reallocating expenditure from heading 1a .
Rescuing the Galileo project was a huge victory for Parliament in this budgetary procedure .
For that , EUR 70 million was obtained from the flexibility instrument .
This is something which will be returned to in the resolution .
It is important that they should be approved right away .
I also want to thank the Chairman of the Committee on Budgets , Mr Böge , all the coordinators and all Members .
My thanks also go to the office holders on the Committee on Budgets and those in my own group , who were able to produce good results in drawing up the budget under all the pressure of a tight schedule .
( Applause ) on behalf of the PPE-DE Group . - Madam President , I would like to start , like many other colleagues today , by stressing the importance of intellectual property rights and the protection of design in general .
The Commission 's proposal could not be more timely .
This is a good balance between intellectual property rights and the rights of consumers .
I am confident that the directive will benefit European consumers .
The scaremongering by the automotive industry that this would result in the loss of 50 000 employees from the automotive sector or EUR 2 billion losses to vehicle manufacturers is absolute nonsense .
It remains to be seen , and we definitely want to see the results in five years and not eight years .
Let me first make a point on the European perspective of the Western Balkans .
I want to thank the Portuguese Presidency for its major contribution to these encouraging steps .
Of course a decisive step on Montenegro 's European journey was taken on 15 October this year when we signed the SAA with the country .
I welcome the unanimous ratification of the SAA by the Montenegrin Parliament soon thereafter