For that reason , all I can say to you is that we must introduce another approach here , and at this time I can only appeal to you to incorporate our amendments into the report so that it will contain at least some new ideas and provide a new perspective , thereby clearly signalling to all observers that we really do want more jobs .
That is where we undoubtedly need coordination between the various players .
In this context , let me say that fear is the only reason why we are now saving more , and worshipping the golden calf of budgetary consolidation - important though such consolidation may be - is surely a short-sighted and inadequate response .
To that end , such companies need an efficient government .
Companies will not invest if they have no means of knowing how high their tax and national insurance bills will be at the end of the year .
There is no legal basis for this decision in the European Treaties .
It is also wrong to dispute the connection between the Cohesion Fund and the euro area .
Such a commission of observers would operate as a political early-warning system , so to speak .
We hope that the Cuban leadership will be far-sighted enough to pull together with us in this venture .
The referendum in East Timor must be organised as quickly as possible ; in actual fact , the independence of East Timor is historically inevitable .
But I should also like to list a few others , such as Afghanistan , Algeria , Burma , Burundi , the Democratic Republic of the Congo , Iran , Iraq , Kosovo , Rwanda , the Sudan and Turkey , although I am aware that Kosovo is not a country but nevertheless a major problem .
We see the need to abolish the death penalty worldwide , we see the legal reality of human rights in the form of the new international court , and we appeal to the Council and the Commission to do everything in their power to ensure that progress is made in ratifying the constitution of the International Court of Human Rights .
It is truly calamitous that the Belarus people do not even have the opportunity to find out about alternatives to President Lukashenko , because he uses the press to such a great extent as an instrument of power , and I know that situation from personal experience .
Mr President , I am delighted to be able to follow Mrs Mann , because her fine words express what I also intended to emphasise .
These are increased religious intolerance , the treatment of conscientious objectors and the lengthy delays in enacting legislation on this matter and the grim conditions in the armed forces , which led in 1998 to more than 1 000 suicides and unexplained deaths .
Mr President , when we ratified the partnership and cooperation agreement with Russia , we criticised the fact that the human rights situation in Russia did not meet the criteria laid down in the human rights clause of the agreement , to which Commissioner van den Broek replied that the agreement provided an excellent basis for changing that situation .
There have undoubtedly been some missed opportunities in the past .
They have not only contributed by their presence but have also , as I discovered in my own conversations , helped to bring together the Albanian minority and the Macedonians in special discussion forums on specific subjects in order to promote harmony between the two ethnic communities .
The areas concerned may not be in the poorest regions of this continent , but they are areas which need our solidarity in their present plight .
The German Federal Minister of Finance , Oskar Lafontaine , has just resigned his posts as finance minister and party chairman .
One village after another is being burned to the ground with the aim of altering , so to speak , the ethnic composition of Kosovo , 90 % of the population of which comprises ethnic Albanians , and to swing the balance there in favour of the Serbian occupiers .
That is why I think it prudent for us , before we ratify this agreement , to reconsider which measures are actually in place to stabilise this region .
Indeed , it was the most serious act of violence in Central Asia since Uzbekistan became independent .
That is too lax , it is too dangerous , especially since our fraud prevention unit UCLAF has to cover the entire European Union with only a small number of officials to investigate suspicious cases .
We believe that efforts should be made to introduce the proposed electronic procedures at an early date and to ensure that they are efficient and , above all , easy to set up , because to my mind the current proposal is too complicated .
I also find it right and proper that Mr Pronk has not endorsed everything the Commission has proposed , since there were certainly some points in the report of which we were highly critical in the committee .
We must not forget that employers are by far the main culprits when it comes to the evasion of welfare contributions , as any of us who have looked behind the scenes will know .
That applies to women , but it also applies to our senior citizens who , as you said , Mrs Weiler , suffer discrimination .
There are good reasons why political action is so obviously required in this area .
It was also at a loss to answer the questions we raised , and as a result we feel that this is not the right time to ratify this Agreement .
Mr President , Commissioner , Mrs André-Léonard , I too would like to thank you for the very thorough piece of