States ought to be presented in a form which permits direct comparisons between countries , if that is possible in practice .
Amendment No 2 advocates coordination between Member States and Applicant States .
This can in principle be approved , but some rewording is required if misinterpretations are to be avoided .
Nor is Amendment No 8 acceptable when it comes to predictions of exceedances of information thresholds .
In the present situation , we quite simply do not have enough information available to be able to predict when the long-term objective of not exceeding the World Health Organisation ' s guidelines can be attained .
Even if the Committee on Industry , External Trade , Research and Energy appears rather as if it had been caught napping and has only just woken up , the fact may , at all events , be conveyed that the problem of acidification is scarcely a new issue .
Some accuse the Commission ' s proposal , and also the report , as being excessive and far too costly to implement and say that the calculations that have been made are utopian .
One might well wonder why the Commission ' s directive appears only a month later , rather like a punishment directed against this UN directive , but that has to do , of course , with nothing other than our own sluggishness in dealing with the issue .
The impossibility lies , therefore , not in the directive but in the current situation .
Acidified water also releases heavy metals which constitute a health problem .
We are making major efforts to add lime to lakes and wetlands .
Many North Europeans believe that it is only through environmental cooperation with other EU countries that our problems with acidification can be solved .
In addition , significant reductions in the percentages of unhealthy ground-level ozone , mainly in big cities in the southern part of the EU , can at the same time be attained .
After the horrors of the Second World War , many surely felt a strong sense of hope for a better world and a more humane future .
Unfortunately , these hopes have , in many respects , been dashed .
The European Community was formed in order to prevent the atrocities of the Second World War from occurring again .
This work has become even more important as time has gone by .
The Council 's report that came out in October last year was a good first step .
We need increased coordination , not just between the institutions of the EU , but also between the EU and the Member States .
There must be no doubt about what the EU stands for .
Therefore , I want to encourage the Council to draw up a strategy for improving the work and making it better defined and hopefully more successful .
They could meet on a regular basis to discuss the promotion of human rights in the short and long term .
We also need a web site where we can present the work being done with regard to human rights , showing , for example , who is doing what and what results have been achieved .
It was a praiseworthy initiative , but the campaign was discreet to say the least .
During the 1990s , rape was used systematically as an act of war in many armed conflicts .
The trade in women and children is increasing at an alarming rate .
In certain countries , the governments are employing a pure apartheid policy against women .
The issue must be dealt with in diplomatic relations and raised with the candidate countries in the course of the negotiations relating to the enlargement of the EU.
Obviously we need to deal with this .
They provide the Commission , the Council , and also Parliament , with many ideas to really improve and guarantee human rights .
I am also very pleased that Mr Haarder took up the rights of minority groups .
Finally , I would like to mention another matter that is close to my heart , namely aid for the Commission 's work for children 's rights as expressed in Cecilia Malmström 's report .
There is also a lack of respect for the rules of the Hague Convention and , as far as this is concerned , we also have very , very serious problems in the candidate countries .
Human rights must be integrated into all political cooperation that the EU is involved in .
Mr President , in the present report China has been subjected to criticism .
In fact , I am considering sending the reports to the EU committee of the National People 's Congress in Beijing and suggesting that they do something similar .
If the same requirements are laid down for all types of incineration plant , the effect could be to hinder the sorting of rubbish and to make recycling and reuse more difficult , including composting organic waste .
We in the Swedish Christian Democratic Party would therefore like to encourage the Commission to pay close attention to these points of view during the continued work on the issues of rubbish and waste .
Firstly , I would like to say that there is an enormous difference between , for example , producing cars or lorries and producing a film .
I would , however , like to ask the Council 's representative whether he does not consider it important , with the help of this practice , to be able to give up to 50 percent in aid to the production of European film in those languages with few speakers .
The initiative is important if we are to stop having to say that the United States is the overall leader within this developing field