Does it , for example , mean that the European Parliament will have a maximum of six weeks in which to discuss this information , or , as the Commissioner has said , will we be given sufficient time ?
We should not be slamming doors in the faces of the candidates even before the enlargement process has started .
Once again we have neglected a part of Europe .
I agree with you that we must apply political pressure , and economic pressure where necessary , although I do not see blanket sanctions as our strongest weapon .
Yugoslavia should not have been recognized without Milosevic being required to make some progress towards finding a political solution to the problem .
After nine years of this apartheid regime , the Albanians have had enough .
We see the inclusion of India , Pakistan , Bangladesh , New Zealand and Australia as interesting possibilities .
Forecasts made by the OECD state that unless the governments of East and South-East Asia can do something quickly , with lasting effect and that unless a recovery takes place , the economies of Europe will also suffer under the effects of the crisis .
How do you intend to explain the new cooperation to the governments ?
It also involves NGOs and the young people and women of Asia and Europe .
Hunger and poverty are rife .
I am no moralizer and I also know that politics is not always about morals , but I am nevertheless very happy that Mr Cook 's British Presidency , and you too , Mr Henderson , have repeatedly stressed that even foreign policy must find room for a minimum of morality and morals , whether it is in relation to weapons and weapons transfer or an international criminal court .
I listened with interest to the talk of a fair deal , even of a new deal .
It is very enjoyable indeed !
I would also stress that I would be pleased to see the admonitions addressed to Israel also addressed to the Palestinians .
Mr President , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , in July 1997 an application was made in the House of Commons by representatives of both main parties examining the method of suffrage used at both national elections and European elections in Gibraltar .
Not for the first time , the report points to the gradual increase in the percentage of elderly people in our population .
The effects on the labour market remain .
This evening , the debate has focused quite rightly on the role of modern vocational training in these countries in terms of new economic and employment structures and improved external trade relations .
For example , the Court of Auditors claims that in all the Commission offices involved , in the national offices , and in particular at the Commission 's delegation in Kiev , personnel resources are inadequate and unstable .
All this has far-reaching political consequences .
It does not indicate what will come after that , what will follow the first phase of enlargement , what will follow the second phase of enlargement or what will happen once we have new borders .
Nothing it says is wrong ; but it does not say anything about energy policy , or anything about energy policy in the field of nuclear safety in Ukraine .
At this point I should like to sound an urgent warning .
The pace of reforms must be accelerated , not only in the economy , but also in relation to administration , legislation and the legal system .
I find it unacceptable that Ukraine signed the Convention on Human Rights , indeed that it promised to abolish the death penalty and that despite this , as the report clearly shows , 13 death sentences were carried out last year .
For this reason we call for the modification of the EU strategy on Ukraine .
It advocates a few clear goals with short implementation timespans , a sensible personnel structure , well managed and motivated staff , good coordination with all partners involved .
I want to tell you what the consequences are .
How would you justify it to anyone , let alone to our own electorate .
However , it is unacceptable that , where legal action brought by organizations is permitted , if negative behaviour has an effect in another Member State , only consumer interests are taken into account .
A major focus of this programme is also to train young people to develop their interpersonal skills .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , although the idea of a transnational European Volunteer Service is to be welcomed - and I should like to express to the rapporteur my appreciation of all the work she has done -, I fear that the objective set out in the report will not be achieved due to a lack of funds .
I support everything that Nicole Fontaine has said , but I should like to mention one point in particular .
Whether it should be called a judicial clearing house or a European prosecution centre for fraud cases involving the Community budget or something else , as stated in the reports , is a matter of secondary importance .
For one thing , I think it is frustrating to suspend the debate like this , which has happened on a number of occasions in this area .
Pursuant to the Rules of Procedure , if the motion has yet to be tabled it can still be tabled before the vote .
ECU 35 million would enable , at the most , five thousand young people to do so .
I congratulate Nuremberg for taking the initiative to apply to be the location for such an institution .
At the end of the day , it is also a matter of expressing our solidarity with the Slovak