outside the EU where they are less likely to be correctly monitored and controlled for any future entry into the Union .
The committee agreed that there needed to be upper limits for undesirable ingredients , above which the materials would have to be destroyed .
By the second reading we need to have the Commission 's view on how the risk assessment will be carried out .
That is a very simple request which is not connected with any specific amendment proposed this first reading .
It may well determine , however , how we can vote at that stage .
I suspect it will also determine how we are able to make the case which the Commission quite properly wants to make for clean food in Europe , outside the European Union , to those third country exporters who will be affected by the new levels and to the WTO , if any challenges to what we are doing are mounted there .
We look forward to hearing from the Commission how it will demonstrate that its response here is not only precautionary - which it clearly is - but also proportionate .
Mr President , I wish to congratulate Mr Brok on what is a full and very interesting report .
From reading his report it is clear that if three conditions are met , there is every reason to be optimistic that we can make a success of enlargement .
These three conditions are firstly that the Commission makes a success of its own pre-accession strategy , particularly in the areas of regional policy , agricultural policy and environmental policy .
Secondly , that the candidate countries continue to make the good progress that they are making towards meeting the Copenhagen criteria and towards the full and complete enforcement of the acquis communautaire in advance of accession .
Thirdly , perhaps the most difficult , that the Council agrees new institutional arrangements that allow the Community to function efficiently , effectively and democratically after enlargement .
The Brok report gives us grounds for satisfaction , but no room for complacency .
I welcome the Carlsson report on Estonia 's application for membership of the European Union and share the majority of conclusions that she draws .
I note that Estonia now meets the Copenhagen criteria and is making good progress towards fulfilling the acquis communautaire .
Once the European Union has adjusted its institutional structure and policies in order to cope with enlargement I can see no reason for Estonia not being admitted to the Union .
I look forward to early Estonian membership .
Schroedter Report ( A5-0239/2000 )
I welcome the Schroedter report on Latvia 's application for membership of the European Union and share the majority of conclusions that she draws .
I note that Latvia is making progress to meeting both the Copenhagen criteria and meeting the obligations of the acquis communautaire .
If Latvia continues to make progress and the European Union adjusts its institutional structure and policies in order to cope with enlargement I can see no reason why Latvia should not be admitted to the Union .
I look forward to Latvia joining the Union in the not too distant future .
I welcome the Hoff report on Lithuania 's application for membership of the European Union and share the majority of conclusions that she draws .
I note that Lithuania is making good progress to meeting both the Copenhagen criteria and meeting the obligations of the acquis communautaire .
If Lithuania continues to make progress and the European Union adjusts its institutional structure and policies in order to cope with enlargement I can see no reason why Lithuania should not be admitted to the Union .
I look forward to Lithuania joining the Union in the not too distant future .
Gawronski Report ( A5-0246/2000 )
.
I welcome the Gawronski report on Poland 's application for membership of the European Union and share the majority of conclusions that he draws .
I note that the Poland is making excellent progress towards meeting the Copenhagen criteria and fulfilling the acquis communautaire .
If the Poland continues to make progress and the European Union adjusts its institutional structure and policies in order to cope with enlargement I can see no reason why the Poland should not be admitted to the Union .
I look forward to early Polish membership .
I welcome the Schröder report on the Czech Republic 's application for membership of the European Union and share the majority of conclusions that he draws .
I note that the Czech Republic is making excellent progress towards meeting both the Copenhagen criteria and fulfilling the acquis communautaire .
If the Czech Republic continues to make progress and the European Union adjusts its institutional structure and policies in order to cope with enlargement I can see no reason why the Czech Republic should not be admitted to the Union .
I look forward to early membership for the Czech Republic .
Wiersma Report ( A5-0244/2000 )
I welcome the Wiersma report on Slovakia 's application for membership of the European Union and share the majority of conclusions that he draws .
I note that Slovakia is making progress to meeting both the Copenhagen criteria and towards fulfilling the acquis communautaire .
If Slovakia continues to make progress and the European Union adjusts its institutional structure and policies in order to cope with enlargement I can see no reason why Slovakia should not be admitted to the Union .
I look forward to Slovakia joining the Community .
Queiró Report ( A5-0248/2000 )
.
I welcome the Queiró report on Hungary 's application for membership of the European Union and share the majority of conclusions that he draws .
I note that Hungary is making good progress towards meeting both the Copenhagen criteria and meeting the obligations of the acquis communautaire