If we vote for them would this actually take the report further away from what this House is allowed to vote on ?
This concerns Amendments Nos 4 , 5 , 6 , 18 , 21 , 33 , 36 , 40 , 42 and 46 , some of which directly imply policy down to individual schools in Member States .
I would like to hear whether this is actually a legal procedure for us to be voting on now .
.
I abstained on Amendment No 2 submitted in the name of Mr Bushill-Matthews which called for the special needs of SMEs to be recognised when implementing Health and Safety legislation .
I have every sympathy with this desire but the amendment is superfluous as Article 137( 2 ) of the Treaty clearly states that "directives in the social field including Health and Safety shall avoid imposing administrative , financial and legal constraints in a way which would hold back the creation and development of SMEs . "
I believe therefore that the sentiments expressed in the amendment are already covered and it is unnecessary to repeat this in the report .
Mr President , there are three aspects of Mrs Peijs ' excellent report that I would like to highlight and illustrate by way of example .
Although these come from my own constituency , I know they are representative of many similar regions .
First , intermodality and the need to optimise infrastructure links to the hinterland .
This week we have voted for environmentally-friendly measures designed to encourage more freight on to rail .
Good rail access into ports is vital in this context .
We have to accept , however , that there are times when it is roads that provide the necessary access into the hinterland .
I cite the placing on the TENs map of the A75 from Gretna to Stranraer , given its importance for sea transport to and from Northern Ireland .
Second , the extent to which outlying regions and islands depend on the sea for contacts with their neighbours .
We often look on the sea as something that separates communities .
We are better viewing it as a highway that connects them .
My group endorses Amendments Nos 1 and 4 accordingly .
I would add , though , that for environmental sustainability we should look upon connections between peninsulas in the same way .
In the west of Scotland the route from Gourock to Dunoon is twenty times as far by road as it is by sea and that from Tarbert to Portavadie is twenty five times as far .
Third , it is essential that we continue to recognise the lifeline nature of many short sea shipping routes .
I am not thinking just in terms of the need to sustain public service obligations in this context .
We also need to find other permissible ways of reducing the costs associated with transport to island and outlying communities .
Their economies are invariably fragile ones and it is just not good enough that the farmers on the Isle of Lewis have to pay twice as much for their hay as farmers living near Inverness .
I hope the Commission will take such points into serious consideration when developing policy in the area .
Mr President , to visitors from afar , the sea crossing to the Scottish islands is the stuff of romance , and indeed the beauty never fails to move both native and visitor .
But for those who live and make their living there , the island shipping services are both an essential lifeline and a costly hurdle to be overcome for their economic and social well-being .
The costs that impede are not only the fares , difficult as those often are , but also the inconvenience of pre-booking , of waiting in queues , of fitting in with timetables which provide low and variable frequencies ; and then there are the risks of delays and cancellation due to weather or mechanical breakdown , or strikes which hold the islands to ransom from time to time .
There is considerable concern on the Scottish islands at the moment that the EU 's competition policy , which requires putting these services out to competitive tender , will undermine these lifeline services even at their present level and add a further upward ratchet to the cost of living and of doing business .
We need to reassure those who live and work on these vulnerable islands and remote peninsulas that they have nothing to fear from bringing a measure of competition into the process for awarding these contracts .
Can I ask the Commission to do what it can to reassure the Scottish islands , the Scottish executive that is struggling with this situation at the moment and the Scottish Parliament , that it stands ready to make sure that this process works well , that it does not undermine but improves the shipping services in the Scottish islands .
Perhaps through Commission Verheugen I can pass an invitation to the Transport Commissioner , his colleague , Mrs de Palacio , to accompany me on a romantic trip to the Scottish islands .
Mr President , first of all I should like to congratulate the rapporteur on an excellent report .
Quite clearly she has spent a lot of time on it and has brought a lot of problems to light .
We can see the different problems quite clearly from different areas of the European Union .
Each area has its own particular problem .
We have to recognise that it will take time to achieve our ultimate goal .
But there is no doubt that short sea shipping is something we must strive to achieve better than we have up to now .
It is certainly sensible to ship more goods