This is an indication that the public see the work of the Ombudsman as vital in correcting maladministration in the EU.
With growing pressures of work the problem which the struggling Ombudsman has is the number of posts available and their level .
I hope that we can all give our support to the European Ombudsman in his vital endeavour to create a flexible , efficient and adequately resourced Ombudsman 's office .
Only in that way can we offer the citizens of the Union a speedy , high level service there .
Mr President , I agree wholeheartedly with the ideas expressed by Mr Newman here .
Nevertheless , I would like to remind everyone that many other groups , in addition to the Jewish people , were the victims of these horrors and general tyranny .
Recently foundations have been set up in places such as Switzerland and Germany , where Jews , Romanies and sexual minorities that suffered cruelty under the Nazis may seek compensation .
Mr President , the Commission 's goal to promote a pan-European regional policy by means of common guidelines is obviously a very worthy one .
It is a question , in a sense , of a common framework of reference for the adjustment of programmes .
However , this will in practice require improvements , especially from the point of view of regional players .
Similarly , we have to reject the Commission 's call for adjustments , which have been proposed at such a late stage that it will only lead to delays and frustration .
In addition , publicity and training at regional level must be increased if we want to promote the effectiveness of the guidelines in question .
Just as the rapporteur has proposed , primary goals should include a strategy for continued support , transitional measures , or the termination of a programme in a given region .
Because circumstances in Member States and in the regions vary greatly , these common guidelines and goals must have incorporated within them a certain degree of flexibility .
Mr President , the Islamic Federal Republic of the Comoros is one of the world 's poorest economies .
The working methods of the Commission and the Council in extending the fishing agreement leaves a lot to be desired , however .
In my opinion , this can no longer be due to a shortage of time .
Can the negotiators of new fishing agreements not start work well before the former contract has expired so that the Union 's ponderous regulations for procedure , such as they are , might be observed ?
In this connection , the assessment reports requested by Parliament on the implementation of the agreement hitherto must be submitted before negotiations on the new agreement start .
I am astonished that Mr Bangemann made no reference at all to this matter , which is now in hand , in his opening speech .
You also appear to be keeping things from us .
The European Commission wishes to remain silent on the subject of the Echelon system and the mystery that surrounds it .
I should be grateful if you would ensure that written questions are answered within a reasonable period of time .
This is something that should be investigated .
It is a requirement and the responsibility of a democratic system such as ours to get an answer to this question .
This is not an issue which you , Mr Bangemann , may keep quiet about , as the Commission has done up till now .
Mr Bangemann was to deliver two statements : on the Commission 's position on transatlantic relations and on the Echelon system .
Mr Bangemann did not mention the Echelon system in his speech and did not even say he intended to speak about it later .
Consequently , it must be said that Mr Bangemann was in breach of parliamentary procedures when he failed to speak on the Echelon system , and only delivered one of the Commission 's statements .
He did not know anything about it .
I would like the Minutes to be changed regarding the matter of Mr Bangemann 's speech , and the matter to be sent back to the Commission so that it can be settled .
Unfortunately , this trust has never been great .
The decision of the Court of Justice last spring , which was followed by the Commission 's decision to freeze funds , caused this trust to slump even further .
Our citizens cannot understand why a legal base allows money to be spent on campaigns such as this , but does not make it possible to spend money on national organisations , the prevention of poverty , on organisations for the disabled , or for example on the promotion of minority languages , which is a very important issue .
Unfortunately , the situation has often been that it has been easier for Parliament to get agreement with the Commission than with the Council on matters that have to be dealt with .
Mr President , I can confirm everything the other rapporteur , Mr Lange , has just said .
So I can confirm that we worked in real partnership and both sides argued in favour of the proposals , and the discussion was at times at an intelligently high level .
I would sincerely like to thank all my colleagues for their cooperation and the spirit in which they worked to make it possible to carry forward this proposal in Parliament .
Parliament has improved on the Commission 's original proposals quite considerably in cooperation with the Council .
The Conciliation Committee pushed through the proposal for binding conditions for fuel quality for the year 2005 as well .
The legislative authority has now said what is expected of the oil industry by