, a minimum set of examinations should be performed .
The establishment of an efficient system to identify those who might become organ donors on their death , provided , of course , that all the mandatory consent requirements in Member States have been met , is thus a key element in fighting organ shortage .
Now , with regard to trafficking in organs , Commissioner , everyone knows that organ trafficking takes place .
At the same time , I would like to stress that altruism must constitute the main element of organ donation and transplantation .
I consider , however , as I have said before , that organs should not be treated as a commodity of the internal market and , consequently , I would not agree with the removal of this addition .
Besides , the principle of non-commercialisation of the human body is expressly stated in Article 3( 2 ) of the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , let me first congratulate Mr Adamou on the excellent report he has prepared on organ donation and transplantation .
At present , there is a lack of common quality and safety standards in the procurement of human organs and , therefore , meeting this need is very important .
After all , this is all about saving lives .
Otherwise they will not consent to donation .
I also noted Dr Adamou 's comments and will seriously consider them .
Moreover , I believe that by increasing organ availability in the European Union , we shall indirectly fight transplant tourism and trafficking of organs .
Mr Maaten quoted some correct figures : 80 % of citizens surveyed were in favour , but only 12 % have a donor card .
According to my fellow Member who spoke about Scotland , presumed consent solves the problem .
Why do we not have in different hospitals coordinators , specialised doctors and nurses , able to recognise potential donors so that transplants can go ahead and we can thus increase the availability of organs ?
Now let me point out that we really must not let them fall into the hands of private firms operating for profit .
What can I say about the reference made to trade ?
I thank all of you once again .
Is the EU , I wonder , democratically credible ?
Indeed , for it to be so , it needs the legitimisation of its citizens , and this is becoming increasingly complex as Europe is enlarged .
The need to communicate with European citizens is more pressing than ever .
We must monitor historical developments and the new requirements they give rise to .
Finally , let me congratulate in particular the rapporteur responsible for this issue , Mrs Jäätteenmäki , for her tireless efforts to achieve a universally acceptable report .
Let me remind you that the European Ombudsman is at the service of European citizens to help them combat maladministration .
Some people have said that we are giving too many competences to the European Ombudsman , but this is not true .
It refers to the documents which the Ombudsman may see and lays down two clear rules : those documents which are sensitive , according to the regulation , may not be seen by anyone ; documents subject to the confidentiality regime must continue to be subject to it .
It is up to us to send a strong message to the Commission , and , above all , to Member States and our governments .
Transplants need to be developed ; they save lives and transform the quality of life of many who are chronically ill , such as kidney patients .
For the sake of maximising the profits of multinationals , this policy plunges millions of Europeans , even in our own country , below the poverty threshold , into unemployment and underemployment .
The EIB is geared to the rules of competition and the free market ; instead of meeting the needs of the people , it secures new profits .
Wind generators which destroy the environment , as in the Aegean Islands , sharply increased tolls on major public roads , private and public sector collaborations and so on - all are for the sake of profit made from contracting with individuals , and , of course , they are backed by state guarantees .
We had already found the money , and we were trying to determine the structure of the programme .
Secondly , as Commissioner Barrot has pointed out , without the European Parliament there would have been no Galileo .
The European Parliament has played a key part in negotiating with the Council over finding the resources , particularly in view of the private sector 's failure to commit funds , in contrast to earlier promises .
We will not shrink from this responsibility .
Madam President , Commissioner , in order to confirm the success of the policies followed , the Commission report on the new round of the Lisbon Strategy lays undue emphasis on the fact that economic growth in Europe has risen from 1.8 % in 2005 to 2.9 % in 2007 , and is forecast at 2.4 % for 2008 .
Although limiting inflation , purportedly the paramount priority of the European Central Bank (ECB) , the rate will reach 3.6 % this year .
What can we hope to gain from the rigid conservatism of the Stability Pact ?
Unemployment may be in decline compared with 1999 .
The report cynically sets out the EU 's imperialist policy .
The EU , while presenting itself as a global arbiter of human rights , says not a word about Israel 's crime of genocide against the Palestinian people or about the massacre of Iraqis by the occupying forces of the imperialist United States and its EU Member State allies