arrogant and contemptuous violations of international agreements .
There is some contradiction , I find , in being afraid that social cohesion will disappear , and in seeking a high degree of social protection for wage-earners and then neglecting what in my view is the basis of social cohesion : family cohesion .
It intends to take various measures - like those in paragraphs 7 , 8 , 9 and 10 of the report - that are extremely important for the protection of children and I am pleased about this .
Certainly not .
This is a particularly sensitive matter for Africa , which , according to the United Nations , is spending four times as much money on servicing debts as it is on health services .
Our vote will therefore be a vote in favour of preserving and strengthening what is sometimes called 'the spirit of Lomé ' which the present high winds of ultra-liberalism are eroding to the point of total destruction .
First , our committee welcomes the fact that this chapter covers all areas of transport , especially the infrastructure aspect , and welcomes the priority to be placed on air and sea transport , which are fundamental sectors for the island states .
The opinion our committee has adopted emphasizes what it regards as the essential points .
Regarding the decentralized cooperation defined in Title III of the Lomé Convention , I should like this apostil to be more explicit , especially regarding the substantive , organic , formal and financial powers of the French overseas departments , which are integral regions of the European Union in a position to benefit from their geographical situation by concluding agreements with the ACP countries .
It is deteriorating .
I believe this in itself is a step forward .
All young mothers are perfectly well aware that they should use mineral water to prepare their babies ' bottles .
We all know , too , that these wetlands have a soul , a sensitivity , a culture and of course an economic , ecological , environmental and scientific value .
The need , then , is to come up with a specific system and a specific financial instrument which will allow profitable activities to be continued despite the extra costs associated with the specific constraints of these ecologically sensitive and fragile environments .
The Committee on Budgets has actually resorted to sleight of hand : these credits could not be entered under heading 3 without exceeding the ceiling of the financial perspectives .
I simply wanted to emphasize that this was an indicative distribution .
I ask that the votes on Mrs Zimmermann 's and Mr Casini 's reports should be taken immediately .
For reasons unrelated to the third pillar , the United Kingdom blocked all the decisions of the June Council .
Even so , despite those efforts , the document preparing the European Council seems to be preparing a number of withdrawals .
What is at stake here is our credibility and the credibility of our commitment to the cause of human rights .
In the cities and in the countryside , violence is ever-present , with an endless sequence of acts of revenge and terrorism .
Under these conditions , how can we tolerate a situation where those responsible for terrorist activities are still being given refuge in the territory of certain Member States , where they set up networks to provide logistical and financial support for terrorism ?
Mrs Berès , to whom I must pay tribute , makes one essential recommendation here : if there must be liberalization , then let there at the same time be an improvement to the universal service and a guarantee that it will be financed .
This notice is no good to anyone , not even to the European Commission , since it contradicts the terms of the proposal for a directive .
Might not the second be , quite simply , the right to a childhood ?
The need is to create a 'wetlands ' status , to serve as a basis for a genuine policy adapted to the specific constraints of wetlands .
The geographical boundaries of the wetlands have nothing to do with any administrative boundaries .
In actual fact , when a unanimous decision cannot be reached the reason is that not all governments feel the matter is urgent , so that a political problem arises .
During yesterday 's declarations of affection for President Hänsch , I paid careful attention to Mrs Green 's statement on behalf of the Socialist Group .
Even for tactical reasons , one cannot play games like this with the future of an entire occupational group .
Our committee therefore considers that the system can be brought into general use , subject of course to a certain number of essential precautions .
Now , ' Madman II ' begins with the discovery , at the back of a drawer , of ECU 500 million .
With that vision , how did they fail to see that there were 160 , 000 cattle dying ?
First , we must reject any increase in the quota beyond 2 , 300 , 000 tonnes ; secondly , we must maintain a tariff quota capable of guaranteeing a minimum price ; and thirdly , we must retain the present split which grants 30 % of the quota to Community and ACP banana operators , 66.5 % to the dollar zone operators and 3.5 % to the Latin American newcomers .
On analysing the way in which this COM functions following these provisional changes , we regret to note the following facts : the volume proposed by the Commission in 1995 is excessive in terms of the European Union 's consumption requirements , estimated at 4 million tonnes .
This , too , is contrary to the very principle of Community preference