of the EU , including in relation to membership of all Member States in relevant organisations .
This position is reflected in the Commission ’s proposal for a revised accession partnership with Turkey , in which one of the short-term priorities is that Turkey should ‘progressively align policies towards third countries and positions within international organisations with those of the EU and its Member States , including in relation to the membership by all EU Member States of relevant organisations and arrangements such as Wassenaar .
I remind you that this was one of the key issues that was discussed on 3 October when the decision on the opening of the accession negotiations with Turkey was taken .
I have raised it myself on several occasions with the members of the Turkish Government .
This means that Turkey will need to make serious and significant progress both on the reforms related to the Copenhagen political criteria and concerning the normalisation of its relations with the Republic of Cyprus , in accordance with the EU declaration and the negotiating framework .
Let us not tempt fate .
Let us work in order to solve these problems .
First , concerning Mr Posselt’s question , the Commission ’s position on the possible referendum on independence in Montenegro is as follows : firstly , the Constitutional Charter must be respected and the international standards complied with .
The Commission is following closely the situation in Sandžak , notably with a view to the possible independence of Montenegro , should there be a referendum along the lines I described .
As regards the Montenegrin part of Sandžak , the Bosniak political leaders seem to be in favour of Montenegro’s independence .
For the Commission and for the European Union it is essential that both in Serbia and in Montenegro the rights of the minorities , including the Bosniak community , are duly protected .     .
I thank the honourable Member for this important question .
Should Montenegro use the constitutional possibility of withdrawing from the State union , then the Serbian and Montenegrin authorities will need to ensure adequate bilateral cooperation , which is in the mutual interests of their citizens .
The time is not yet right to answer this question more precisely .
That project is part of the overall framework in support of an anti-discrimination framework in Serbia and Montenegro and will be carried out under the Cards 2006 Programme for the State union .     .
Counterfeit medicinal products , inside and outside the Union , are a subject of ongoing concern in the EU , the Council of Europe and the World Health Organisation .
Part of the overall problem is that , recently , antiviral drugs have potentially been at risk in counterfeiting activities .
The situation is naturally attractive to counterfeiters .
In September this year the Council of Europe published a survey report that provides an update on the extent of counterfeiting in the pharmaceutical sector .
The Member States are responsible for the enforcement of any activities against counterfeiters .
I take due note of the point made by the honourable Member .
This is a very important issue which indeed has to be tackled both at EU level and at global level .
Mr President , I am glad to address the House again as regards the preparations of Bulgaria and Romania for accession to the Union .
Currently , the treaty is being ratified in the Member States .
I welcome the active part played by the European Parliament and its Committee on Foreign Affairs and the reports prepared by Mr Moscovici and Mr Van Orden , which highlight the strong and weak points relating to the progress of both countries to date .
Structural economic reforms need to be continued in both countries for them to meet the economic criteria for membership fully .
As regards the EU , both Bulgaria and Romania have continued to make progress in adopting and implementing EU legislation .
Nevertheless , in some areas there are still serious shortcomings in preparations and , in general , more attention needs to be paid to effective implementation and enforcement of the legislation .
On 7 November , I sent a letter to both Foreign Ministers Kalfin and Ungureanu , in which I urged Bulgaria and Romania to take immediate and decisive action to address the gaps and shortcomings in their preparations .
Our next rendezvous on this topic will be to discuss a report focusing on the actions taken by Bulgaria and Romania to address the main remaining shortcomings that were identified in October’s comprehensive monitoring report .
As President Barroso promised earlier this year , and in the spirit of our discussions in April to create an extended assent procedure , the Commission will use its regular dialogue with the European Parliament and will listen to Parliament’s views on the possible use of the postponement clause .
The Commission would seriously consider these views before issuing any recommendation to associate fully the European Parliament in any possible decision to postpone accession .
Let me conclude by thanking the European Parliament for its constructive and balanced approach towards Bulgaria and Romania’s accession to the European Union .
I trust that together we will complete the fifth enlargement round and make a success of it .     Mr President , the preparations of both Bulgaria and Romania for EU membership seem to be proceeding as expected .
Hopefully both countries can join the Union at the start of 2007 .
This is also evident from the fact that the Committee on Foreign Affairs has not reached consensus on the report on enlargement strategy .
Future enlargement and the reworking of the Treaties should be examined together .
This strategy is associated with debates on the Union’s ability to accept more members and alternatives to full membership