I must therefore reject Amendments Nos 1 and 3 .
What happens with agreements with third countries is that the financial compensation comes out of the Community budget and the shipowners pay the licences .
I trust that this will not be interpreted as manipulation on my part and that there will be a broad consensus .
Studies by the Commission into this are under way and their results and findings will need to be incorporated in specific proposals .
I have first hand experience of the political problems and tensions affecting Taiwan and , as in most cases , it is not just one side which is to blame .
What saddens me is not just the situation in Zimbabwe itself , but the fact that numerous African Heads of State and Government and President Mugabe are indirectly providing a shield , even as they acknowledge his election victory .
However , we can emphasise that , however disappointing the outcome of these elections , the main point is that the international community has turned its attention to Zimbabwe and is doing everything it can to contain the crisis there .
If this country now falls into political crisis , just when it is on the verge of becoming a neighbouring country , it will also affect us , which is why I think the government urgently needs to give in , reverse these decisions and do something about creating economic and political stability in this country .
In the meantime , there are also worrying indications that the government is looking to Russia to resolve its problems .
What I mean to say here is that we must be careful not to be too harsh on other countries in our demands for democracy and human rights .
Nonetheless , we cannot overlook and we are deeply saddened by the repeated violation of human rights in Tunisia , the most recent case being the sentence passed on Hamma Hammami and his colleagues .
At the most recent meeting of the association council on 29 January this year it expressly urged the Tunisian authorities to step up their efforts towards pluralism , democracy and the rule of law .
More importantly , it should exercise political pressure so that the ceasefire and the initial peace talks , which are just tender shoots , are not just a flash in the pan , as has been the case so often in previous years , and actually come to something this time round .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I should like to start by clarifying exactly who is responsible here .
At a legal or judicial level , that would appear to be the best way forward at the moment .
It would be very difficult to demonstrate the need for a distinct division of competences more clearly .
A great deal of assistance must be given to the future Member States to enable them to adapt to Community standards of administration and justice , for example in the fight against fraud .
Nor do we want to be constantly dependent on U.S. intervention .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , once again we have a paper from the Commission on the table , on which I merely wish to say that I am astonished time and again by the consummate skill with which Commission officials can fill twenty-eight pages without saying anything of real substance .
We are building the single market first and foremost for the people of Europe , not for the sole benefit of large companies .
Some kind of tracker dog is needed , Commissioner De Palacio .
We are all well aware of the monumental tasks that await the Commission , Parliament and the Council in the areas of agriculture and rural development in 2003 .
We in Parliament have to accept this reason for his absence .
We do not sit on Fridays , yet we do not have time for Members to exercise their elementary right , guaranteed by the Treaties , to ask questions .
It is , Mr Helmer , as if one were to associate you with clever remarks .
Some of those who had originally voted for this law have since said in the media that this was far from being what they wanted .
As I did not want to risk the committee adopting such a contradictory report , I finally refrained from submitting the amendments I have referred to , but I still have serious misgivings .
It is the victims who have most to endure , but who are far from receiving the best protection and care .
Environmental offences still appear to be regarded as excusable peccadilloes in some Member States .
( DE ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the dismantling of our internal borders and the police cooperation associated with it , as well as the securing of our external border , will be among the greatest challenges to face the European Union in the new century .
Officers carrying out surveillance duties on foreign territory have hitherto had to watch impotently as crimes were committed .
Alongside that , we must ensure that the authorities in the individual States provide information within an appropriate period of time when asked to do so by the Committee on Petitions .
I know you will think that crazy , but I will tell you what I think of it in a moment .
It is , though , to be welcomed that the proposal for Odysseus ' successor programme allocates funds , among other things , to improving the training of officials , but what use is a programme of training , exchange and cooperation if no change is made to the overall conditions that have prevailed to date ?
It was thanks to a compromise with the rapporteur that we in the Committee on Citizens '