It does not need to be a more bureaucratic and complex system .
We , in the committee , cautiously accept the role proposed by the Commission for external ratings , with the reservation that this is a role with limitations - most importantly , small businesses will not need to be rated , nor will businesses without a rating be disadvantaged .
Nevertheless we believe it is important to state that banks ' internal credit scoring and internal rating systems must be at the centrepiece of the new framework .
They offer the best way to deliver a risk-sensitive framework over a wide area of the banking sector , as well as to clients and small businesses .
We welcome the enhanced status accorded to credit risk mitigation , particularly the collateral which may be offered by small businesses .
We also accept that , in the long term , there is probably a need for a new charge for other risks , but we make the point that there should be no such charge until there is a sensible method of measuring other risks .
We also accept that there is a need for regulators to have the power to impose particular and additional charges on particular banks .
The new framework puts trust in banks .
We are not allowing them to set their own capital charges but we would be getting suspiciously close to that if we did not keep a close eye on their internal systems .
That is why supervisors need to have these extra powers to impose individual charges , to make sure individual banks are sticking to the rules .
Lastly , and most controversially , the committee strongly called for the use of a fast-track procedure to implement this legislation .
Amendments have been tabled which take a more cautious approach , but what unites us all is the knowledge that the last time there was a Basel Accord , the United States took three months to implement it and the European Union took over three years .
That was not only three years when EU banks were at a severe competitive disadvantage - and there is evidence that they suffered severely - but also three years when European consumers were denied a modern , state-of-the-art regulatory framework .
We need to ask ourselves tough questions as legislators , as to whether we are doing the best for the people who elected us if our regulations and laws are out of date before they hit the statute books .
We must review all our options , including comitology , fast-track and other procedures , because it is dangerous to be regulating yesterday 's markets .
That is what we will be doing unless we review our procedures .
What we need to ensure is : that we have legislation which is flexible ; that we have a means of implementing it quickly ; that we have a means of updating it quickly and easily ; that we have a means of ensuring consistency across Member States ; and that we have appropriate democratic scrutiny of any new procedures introduced .
I would call on Mr Bolkestein , here today , to put forward proposals , that Parliament can consider , to address these vital needs .
They are vital for the health of the financial services sector in the European Union .
VOTE Mr President , in the light of the excellent vote of support for this report and given the Commission 's response this morning , it is obvious - if you look at all the parts we have voted on - that under Rule 69( 2 ) we should postpone the vote on the draft legislative resolution in order to allow us to enter into fruitful negotiations with the Commission and the Council .
I hope the House will support that proposal .
( Parliament decided to postpone the vote )
Mr President , unlike Mrs Theorin , I do not suggest moving votes and debates to suit my own personal agenda .
I will indeed be here to debate my report this afternoon and I will be here when it is scheduled to be voted on tomorrow .
The reason why I would suggest that we postpone the vote is because - as Mr Goebbels has said - it is a very important issue .
Not only does it raise the financial services issue , it could have far-reaching implications in terms of our procedure , in terms of the codecision procedure and in terms of our relationship with the Commission .
That is a vote at which colleagues should be present .
I would strongly urge that the vote be postponed until the Brussels part-session .
Motion for a joint resolution on the third Asia-Europe Meeting ( Parliament adopted the resolution )
Mr President , I should like to give an explanation of vote on the BSE feed resolution .
I voted against whole herd slaughter because I do not believe it is the best way to eradicate BSE.
I have heard that there are some farmers who , rather than report they have an animal with BSE , shoot that animal and bury it .
I know that in France they have had whole herd slaughter and this does not seem to be the best way forward .
Even the Scientific Steering Committee says it is not necessarily the most effective , and feed cohort slaughter - which we have in Britain - is effective .
I also voted against Amendment No 7 because I do not believe it is possible , but I did vote for the resolution as a whole , especially the ban on the mammalian meat-and-bone meal feed for all farm animals , as we have had in the UK since 1996 .
I voted for the resolution because we have to have strong rules applicable across the EU.
-