to become sugar importers , the European taxpayer will have to foot the bill for a series of indemnities to the ACP and , after 2015 , Europe’s agri-food industry will be shoved aside .
With regard to the Council , which is set to meet in February , I hope that greater prominence will be given to the amount of aid earmarked for farmers and to the conditions that firms seeking restructuring aid need to meet .
Under pressure from public concern about the continued degradation of our environment , the EU has worked hard to warn the international community about ecology issues .
Sustainable development provides part of the answer , because it represents a model of production and consumption that could and should be extended to all countries .
As much bad news for the Union as for our idea of development   …     Mr President , Mr Schüssel , ladies and gentlemen , I am pleased to take the floor today on the occasion of the presentation of the work programme of the Austrian Presidency .
In that area too , efforts will be required of the Council groups , the parliamentary committees and the Commission services .
The parliamentary dimension of the Lisbon Agenda is not window dressing but an essential element in promoting and ensuring support for the implementation of the necessary reforms .
The Commission will propose new initiatives in the fields of research and education , preparing the establishment of a European institute of technology and furthering work on the mutual comparability and recognition of qualifications .
This brings me to another important point .
One last priority that I want to comment on is our relations with our neighbours .
European leaders before us were prepared to dream of what could be .
We need to focus on delivery .
Last Thursday , my group brought together in Brussels , to discuss the future of Mr Bolkestein’s symbolic text , more than 200 social actors from throughout the Union , from the confederal secretary of the European Trade Union Confederation to the representatives of the social forum from Poland and Romania , in addition to a large number of local , regional and national elected representatives .
The UK Presidency was all about fine speeches .
Mr Schüssel , I wish you luck .     Mr President , I could have been Austrian because I come from a region – Brittany – in which , in the 15th century , the daughter of the Duke was married to Maximillian of Austria .
Your country , Austria , is a member of the ‘club of six’ , the ‘one per cent club’ , the ‘club of penny pinchers ’ which wants more Europe with less money .
The first is designed to implement the new system of governance and the new growth and employment strategy , and the second to take decisions on our measures concerning Europe’s future .
We must be clear on this subject , however : we have priorities .
For Europeans , growth and employment are the most worrying issues .
Obviously , I will give the College of Commissioners a faithful account of yesterday’s debate and of today’s vote .
By means of self-handling , which allows ‘novices ’ to do dock work and to handle cargo , this text introduces social dumping and calls safety arrangements into question .
Our decision to reject the text is final .     . I voted against rejecting the text .
A true ‘little sister ’ of the Bolkestein Directive , the directive on the liberalisation of port services has the sole aim of allowing employees to be pitted against one another through the use of foreign , under-qualified labour on board ships that all too often sail under a flag of convenience , and this to the detriment of national workers .
The people do not want to see our forms of social protection dismantled any further .
It has committed itself to promoting people’s rights and lessening discrimination ( February 1994 , September 1996 , July 2001 and June 2005 ) .
What does this opinion say ?
Otherwise , it will be impossible to declare that the patient is dead .
This would be even clearer if the report stated that the draft treaty is now dead and that the debate now centres on what should replace it .
They have done some tremendous , very open-minded work , which forms an excellent basis for discussion , as has been said .
All this Parliament proposes to do , though , is to consider the best way to serve the same dishes , in the same words , to the citizens , and to brainwash them with propaganda campaigns , with the connivance of the media .
It will help these countries to find the path to development and lasting peace and it will bring the EU considerable credit in a region dominated by the influence of Russia and the United States .
Can we be sure that the European Union has learnt all its lessons from that ?
Unfortunately , five years after it came into being , the results achieved are still very uneven and its implementation remains inadequate even though it has had some success among the professional organisations and 35 countries have signed it .
This commitment now needs to be translated into reality , because that is not always the case .
It is not up to the European Union to do all of that itself , but it must do it .
That just goes to show how absurd the current system is , all the more so given that the current Rules of Procedure do not allow us to intervene in cases of violence , invective , defamation or insults , in the Chamber or elsewhere .
Currently , if a Member is suspended for a few days , he loses his right to vote