This conflict must not be turned into some kind of cockfight for the only perch in the chicken coop .
As these are islands , there is no alternative infrastructure , so it is vital to the life of the archipelago for it to be in full operation .
So I want to express the solidarity of the Group of the European Radical Alliance with the victims and the families of the dead , and with the people of Colombia .
And I call on the Commission and the Governments of the Member States to cooperate with the appropriate NGOs in making every possible effort to resolve this crisis and to implement a special development programme to meet the medium - and long-term needs of the earthquake zone .
Banana exports Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , everyone thinks that the agreement with South Africa is necessary to maintain a burgeoning democracy in a country that could act as a role model for other African countries in the same geographical area .
France is waging a campaign in defence of French names such as champagne and cognac.
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , as long as I have been involved in politics I have fought against apartheid and I do not think there is anything I do not know about the subject .
That is why he can afford to be so relaxed about solving the sherry and port issue .
This range is also reflected in the working conditions and social protection enjoyed by workers .
This needs to be approached cautiously and impartially , because if companies are faced with an unreasonable definition of working time , they are in danger of becoming non-viable and possibly going bankrupt .
But , my goodness , here we are talking about tobacco taxes when a large proportion of these taxes are not even collected in the European Union .
Another omission I identified in the Commission document was the lack of a programme to educate young people about tobacco .
In this particular case , this distortion works in favour of American tobacco , which is more expensive , so that specific taxation amounts to a smaller fiscal burden , thus disadvantaging European tobaccos , which are generally cheaper and therefore more heavily taxed in percentage terms .
It cannot say that it is a question of administrative convenience , given that there are precedents for this kind of taxation and given that it is extremely easy to levy taxes of this kind on a very limited number of well-organised producers .
This limit was set at six miles in 1972 , and was subsequently increased to 12 miles in 1983 , under the present common fisheries policy regulation .
This flaw is that it does not take account of the need for more equitable distribution of resources available under the RTD framework programmes .
Mr President , Commissioner , there can be few initiatives with sound and important recommendations more relevant to Portugal , which is a unique case as a country with an ill-balanced policy on the location of scientific and technological facilities , where balanced support would have an enormous effect .
Nor is there any correlation with potential levels of activity , not to mention the social and political benefits that some if not all would see in balanced regional development of the country .
On the occasion of the 21st annual activity report of the Advisory Committee on Safety , Hygiene and Health Protection at Work , this report certainly hits home .
Yet this is not the only situation which needs to be tackled , as we are seeing a general trend which must be resisted .
He also said that uncertainty is the working condition which most seriously threatens the health and safety of workers .
The aid of EUR 15 million granted by the European Union only makes sense if it is devoted to converting these wines into table wines or to abandoning this activity , otherwise there is no point in granting a tariff concession for a quota of 32 million litres of table wine .
Some of those who are now claiming to defend democracy in South Africa , and who previously ignored the persecution and crimes of the apartheid regime and regarded President Mandela as a terrorist , do not have the moral and political authority to invoke democracy with regard to this agreement .
We therefore consider it prudent not to offer concessions but rather to wait a little longer in order to ensure the effective protection of this and other issues .
There are also , in particular , elements which were included in the report as a result of our amendments and which confirm the House 's desire not only to keep access to the 12-mile reserved zone within the exclusive national sovereignty of the coastal countries but also to extend this zone to 24 miles .
Under this management , guidelines would be regarded as definitive and not subject to joint discussion , and they would cover nearly all the aspects currently falling under the common fisheries policy .
This further drives home the fact that if this directive , which is getting on for a quarter of a century old , is to continue to be justified it will have to be updated so that it can make an effective contribution towards positive measures to combat social discrimination on the grounds of sex .
As a result of what is known as atypical work , the working day has virtually become limitless especially for women , who are taking on all kinds of tasks .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , I am able to announce that the Commission will be withdrawing its proposal as requested by the Committee on Women 's Rights .
Not only are the various national laws on the status of artists diverse and incomplete , but