doing what , and how well they are doing , without assessment of progress , there will be so many discrepancies , so many complaints , so many letters in your post bag , so many students and teachers knocking at your door , and indeed so many MEPs lobbying you , that I suggest you will wish , even allowing for the constraints under which you work , that you had accepted the amendments I proposed and which I hope Parliament will accept .
In conclusion , I was both pleased and flattered when this report was referred to by President Chirac in his speech to Parliament some weeks ago .
If the French Presidency are now serious , then I suggest that Council will have to work very hard to salvage both their and the Commission 's reputation as a matter of urgency for I suggest the failure to endorse this report in its entirety will send all the wrong , and very confusing , messages to important groups of our society .
Mr President , the Commission reports on equal opportunities are very welcome , but unfortunately , as the rapporteur said earlier , in a practical sense they are not very useful as real measures of success or bases on which to build future programmes , because they are too descriptive and there is not enough analysis of successes and failures .
One of the vital requirements for improvements in the position of women is firstly to know exactly what the current situation is .
That means we need accurate facts and figures .
Then the evaluation reports can use clear criteria and give us an objective analysis of progress or the lack of progress .
After all , one of the main criticisms that I receive from grassroots women 's organisations is that when applying for financial support from the European Union , they have to make very detailed predictions about their future work and its outcome .
Yet in reports like this , we do not have anything like the same detailed information .
We need to ensure that information and activities reach women in their own communities , and one effective way of doing that would be by developing and promoting real life case studies which reflect a positive image .
I try to look at these reports from the point of view of women in Wales , the constituency I represent , and consider how they are affected by this kind of progress and how they can get access to and use this kind of information .
I would support the request of the Committee on Women 's Rights in this report for a major study of women in the EU and in the candidate countries as a starting point for future work .
A lot is being done by women 's organisations , by governments , by the European Parliament and the Commission .
We have heard from the Minister of the progress that has been made in France and we can learn a lot from this .
Greater involvement by women at all levels of government and in all areas of life is essential for deepening democracy and achieving and maintaining peace .
We should be encouraging better dialogue with women everywhere - after all the European Union is seen as a pioneer in terms of equality legislation .
The reports are welcome and the progress they outline is a step forward , but until we really begin to exchange good practice and base our work on real statistics , we are not in a position to judge whether we are on the right road to achieving real equality between women and men .
Mr President , I wanted to speak before you took that vote to explain why I wanted Members to vote against the amendment .
Yesterday the whole position changed with the position the Commission has taken on the legal base .
But it is too late now because you have just taken the vote and Members voted in favour of it .
We will just have to press on .
Mr President , on that last vote , I would just like to inform the House that the Commission issued a press release yesterday and Commissioner Reding spoke last night to the effect that , as regards the report we have just passed and agreed on mobility for teachers , students , academics , others involved in education , and helping them to move around Europe to study , to work and everything else related to the education field , the Commission will not accept the amendments which ask them to do something to enforce these arrangements .
We have exchanged all the happy words and have asked Member States to take action but the Commission , because of restrictions on its budget and reasons that it has given before , is now indicating that is not prepared to follow through to see how the measures are being implemented in the different countries , which to my mind rather neuters the whole report that Parliament spent a long time putting together .
This is also very sad for thousands of students and others involved in education across Europe .
Mr President , we are just about to start the vote on the Mann report and I want to draw your attention to the fact that there appears to be a translation problem in Amendment No 63 from the TDI Group .
I note there it was submitted in Italian but in the English language it says that "discrimination which requires men to wear a tie should be outlawed " .
This must be a translation problem because I am certain that the TDI Group would not want to trivialise such an important piece of legislation on equal rights by introducing such a frivolous and unnecessary amendment .
