I would like to press him further .
What will the Council do to ensure that the states do the kinds of things he has just been setting out ?
What guarantee do we have , that the theory that you have just stated will actually take place ?
Mr President , I congratulate Mrs Maij-Weggen on an excellent report .
I know she has great experience of Indonesia and , in particular , the Indonesian Moluccan community living in Holland .
The position we have to take regarding the territorial integrity of Indonesia is simple : we have to abide by international law and by the United Nations Resolution 2504 of December 1969 .
That resolution categorically affirms that Irian Jaya is part of Indonesia .
It is something that all our countries have agreed to , have signed up to , and have a responsibility to support .
It was a recognition by the global community of the legality of the vote in Irian Jaya to become a permanent part of Indonesia and reaffirm United Nations Declaration 1514 of 1960 which prohibits any act aimed at the partial or total disruption of the national unity and territorial integrity of a country .
The situation in Irian Jaya is totally different , legally and constitutionally , from the situation that pertained to East Timor .
Parliament should not confuse the two .
Irian Jaya is an integral part of Indonesia historically .
East Timor never was .
The rule of law must therefore prevail .
Yes , of course we must ensure that Indonesia maintains its progress in the prosecution of those members of the security forces accused of human rights violations .
In this case we must wield the carrot and the stick .
Any outside intervention other than support for democratisation and the rule of law can only be seen as counterproductive and inflammatory to all parties .
There will be no winners if we take an imperial stance on this issue .
I use that word advisedly .
What we can do in the European Parliament and the EU is to ask the new democratic Indonesian Government not to over-react .
Over-reaction will play into the hands of the separatists , turning terrorists into martyrs and heroes .
The other activity we can undertake immediately is to give massive support to good governance projects in Indonesia : support in terms of manpower , money , NGO activity , setting standards and criteria so that the devolved administrative arrangement now agreed by President Wahid can be underpinned by creating lasting democratic and civil society institutions .
If we want to help Indonesia we must act now with money and deeds , not merely words .
Mr President , I welcome this report but I feel it is a little up-beat .
The situation has improved and we must encourage President Wahid , but there are still horrendous problems .
The government is weak and constantly under attack , the military resists civilian control , the economy is fragile and , above all else , human rights are poor .
That is why we must link development aid to progress in human rights abuses .
We must make sure , also , that the murderers of the Financial Times journalist , Sander Thoenes , are brought to justice ; and the murderers of the three humanitarian aid workers and one torture victim killed only last week by Indonesian security forces in Aceh are brought to justice , also the perpetrators of past crimes .
That should include a new trial for President Suharto .
I am pleased that the UN issued indictments today because of crimes against humanity in East Timor , and Indonesia should be aware , with or without cooperation , that those trials will go ahead .
Mr President , it is always a pleasure following Mr Dell'Alba , because he makes a British Euro-sceptic sound very sensible in this place .
I would very much like to congratulate the rapporteur - someone I like and admire as a person and politician - on this report , but unfortunately I cannot .
Had it not been for the amendments concerning OLAF being adopted at the committee stage , I would have struggled to find any part of this report to support .
Fortunately this idea found very little support at Nice last weekend .
The Council - as pointed out so eloquently by Mrs Rühle earlier - does not like this idea either .
My personal view is that the European Public Prosecutor is just the first step along the road to corpus juris , a body of common law across the continent .
Indeed I believe that is what the Commissioner feels too .
Perhaps , Commissioner , you would be so kind as to let me know whether that is the case - whether this is the first step to something that would be a common body of law across the continent .
I thought I heard you say something similar to that in committee .
I should also like to know why the Commission 's paper on this subject had its release delayed until the day after the Danish referendum on the euro .
Perhaps the Commission knows that whilst this proposal has some support in the political classes of Europe , its support stretches no further than that .
Often in argument for a European Public Prosecutor , you hear that these proposals are only to protect the Community 's financial interests - something that everybody should agree with .
Interestingly though , they are often sold as being a small step - there is not much behind them .
So why all the concern ?
Well , for those of us who are still wading through the Court of Auditors ' report , we will find that one definition of fraud against the Community is the black market - paying for goods à la belge , as they