What is the reason for this delay ?
We know that various forms of violence in the European Union have mushroomed .
This is a particularly worthwhile priority , because we predict that there will be an even balance of men and women in the new European Parliament following the 2004 elections .
A few part-sessions ago we were passing resolutions to protect infrastructures in Palestine , because they were infrastructures built with European Union money .
This being so , it makes no sense to stand and watch the machinations going on in the Middle East , the clashes , the destruction , the loss of human life on all sides .
Today the same is happening on our very doorstep.
Our job is to intervene .
It gets us nowhere .
Therein lies the way forward , therein lies the solution .
It needs to play the lead role and now it has the chance to play the role which it should have been playing for years .
We were told just a few days ago that the Bureau had approved the Quaestors ' proposed decision on planned and approved per capita expenditure by the European Parliament which , contrary to all expectations , has been cut .
And as far as I know , for my country and region at least , these are swathing cuts .
If the Bureau and the Quaestors wish to reduce planned expenditure , they should not tell us at the eleventh hour because we have already made other plans .
It has no problem , for example , defending the rights of homosexuals , but has nothing to say about the right to a job , to health care , to an education , to culture or to sport .
It has no objection to the plethora of new terrorist laws and it ignores the personal electronic files kept by the Schengen system and the fact that ideas which upset the system are passed over , distorted or even expelled and persecuted .
It cannot therefore be changed , nor should it , because to do so would be to accept that the home is not inviolable .
Unfortunately , religious convictions or an aversion to the violence which the army may stand for are used as a pretext by a number of people to avoid military service and while away their days in the civil service at the state 's expense , even though some of them have no hesitation in using violence if it serves their ideological purpose .
Mr President , all these reports on Community railways are part and parcel of the recent tidal wave of privatisation aimed at ensuring that not one public sector escapes the clutches of private capital , at the expense of quality , public safety and the cost of the services provided .
As you will have gathered , we totally oppose proposals for any moderate , calculated liberalisation of the railways because it paves the way for full liberalisation with all the adverse consequences that will have on the travelling public .
The Greek Presidency plans to cooperate with Parliament to the maximum possible extent at all levels .
Ladies and gentlemen , this is an historic phase in the ongoing development of Europe .
A Europe which , in a multipolar global system , works for peace , cooperation and justice .
We need to respond to this insecurity with decisive action , to hit at the heart of individual and collective insecurity and to create a more rational , a fairer and freer living environment which offers everyone more opportunity .
Ladies and gentlemen , under the decisions taken in Seville , we were required to plan the Greek Presidency in collaboration with the next presidency , the Italian Presidency , so that an annual operational action programme could be formulated .
We did precisely that and I should like to comment on our five main sets of priorities .
Your role is paramount in these arrangements because the European Parliament has to assent to the accession of the new Member States .
Greece believes that Turkey should take its place in Europe on the basis of the decisions already taken by the European Councils .
Greece , both as the country holding the presidency and as a Member State , wants to help with this new process , which is why one of our objectives is to draft a new partnership agreement with Turkey .
We want it to overcome and resolve its political problem .
Whatever happens , Cyprus will accede to the Union , as agreed in Copenhagen , although the way will still be left clear for the Cyprus problem to be resolved and the acquis communautaire to be applied to the whole island .
We believe that , although progress has been made , the Lisbon strategy is now more topical than ever .
First , macro-economic policy ; we want a reliable European economic policy , an intergovernmental economic policy in Europe .
Our third aim within the Lisbon framework is to encourage entrepreneurship and support small enterprises .
The presidency will also be tackling other issues , such as developing research in cutting-edge technologies , including defence research .
We want to make more of the Union 's leading role in environmental protection .
And we need to act in two directions .
In the asylum sector , we want to push ahead with directives such as directives on refugees .
We believe that the enlargement of Europe should go hand in glove with greater European unification .
Our institutional system needs efficient , democratic functions and policies which reach our citizens .
So we hope to achieve three main objectives at these two Councils : First , we want to carry out a review without taking any decisions , because that would prejudge the outcome of the Convention .
The European