We know that it is 17 times more expensive to make a cross-border transaction transfer in the euro area than it is to make a domestic one .
People joining the euro thought that if it did nothing else , it would make it easier and cheaper for them to take their money abroad .
We see that this is not happening .
This promised benefit has not materialised ; and indeed , as the Commission candidly admitted when this report was discussed in committee , no improvement is expected in the situation after the introduction of notes and coins .
This is another blow to a currency already struggling , a currency that hits a new low on the international market virtually every week , a currency with the bank president continuously under fire for his ill-judged comments to the press , a currency where , on the only occasion when the people of Europe were asked to cast their vote on whether to join or not , they voted "no " in the recent Danish referendum .
We now hear that the printers responsible for producing the notes are threatening to go on strike .
Above all , even the most basic benefit that the euro enthusiasts promised the people of Europe , the reduction of transaction costs , is not being realised .
What are the benefits for the people of the euro area from this currency that has been foisted on them by a political elite in Europe ?
This project is not about economics .
This project is not about giving practical benefits to European citizens .
It is and always has been a step on the road to creating a United States of Europe , a political project .
We are seeing that it is failing to deliver any benefits to the mainstream majority of ordinary people in the euro area .
Mr President , first of all I should declare an interest .
I am the absentee boss of a very small enterprise , our family business in London .
I will not say what it does , that might constitute an advertisement , but it was founded by my father , Francis Chichester , and I am very proud of it .
It also enables me to come here and do my work for my constituents .
I would like to welcome any measures , like this proposal and this report , that indicate our support at European level for the importance of SMEs and small businesses in particular .
I would like to congratulate Mrs Montfort on all her hard work in her report which , as we have heard , commands wide support across the House .
In my view , the best thing for small businesses is for the authorities to leave them alone and to desist from the temptation of trying to pick winners .
Diversity , safety in numbers , from which the winners will emerge , is the best way forward .
I am reminded of what the Commissioner said to us a year ago about the experience in the United States , where they are not afraid of failure and they believe in the old Scottish proverb of "if at first you do n't succeed , try , try again " .
The importance is to strike the right balance , to avoid having a continual situation of people failing at the expense of other people .
I suspect that the real obstacles and hurdles that small businesses face are in other areas of European and national legislation , where they face great burdens in terms of administration , taxation and regulation .
That seems very onerous indeed for small businesses , disproportionately so .
I recently looked at the forms required for filling in tax returns for small businesses in the UK and the detail required great concentration on getting the right answer .
Let me close by saying that in my view the most important thing for small businesses , the best medicine for them , is competition .
That is the way they achieve efficiency , innovation and profitability .
Mr President , I think that Mrs Montfort 's very comprehensive report has added considerable strength to the Commission 's original document .
I am a constructive critic of some of Mr Liikanen 's efforts - I think the first document that we saw was not really as focused as it should have been .
Mrs Montfort has brought some valuable focus on the key issues facing small and medium-sized businesses .
I particularly want to mention the innovation in the Committee on Industry , External Trade , Research and Energy , which held a hearing on the issues raised in Mrs Montfort 's report .
The more we get people from small and medium-sized businesses across Parliament 's threshold talking to us about issues , the better we shall be able to do our job .
This is something that the Committee on Industry needs to do on a regular basis from now on .
In my closing remarks in this debate I should like to come back to this question of focus .
The problem in small and medium-sized businesses is that they do not have a lot of resources to go out and get information , to find out what grants and help are available , to do the sort of administrative tasks that are increasingly being imposed upon them by national governments .
What we need to consider is the way we make information available to them .
What I want the Commissioner to address above all in the range of measures that we have proposed here is making access to support and information easy and quick so that people running these businesses will be able to use the information effectively .
We know that there is a lot of help available across the