.
We have asked time and time again for a 'sinners list ' .
We want to know where the problems lie , in which Member States , in which areas .
We even want to know about good practice .
You will note from one part of the report that two Member States have been exemplary in terms of VAT collection but how are other Member States supposed to copy these Member States if they do not know who they are .
We need names .
If you the Court will not do your job of naming and shaming , then we will have to do it for you .
But your legitimacy as an auditing body will be questioned , and some might even suggest that some members of the Court are keen to protect the interests of Member States that nominated them .
Will you make a commitment to do this in future , Mr Karlsson , because a lack of clear information in the report makes it very difficult for us to put pressure in the right areas on the worst offenders .
I call on you also to publish a league table of those countries which have the worst record of maladministration in the EU and in what areas .
Europe 's taxpayers deserve to know where the money is going .
Without the facts we are fighting fraud with one hand tied behind our back .
Of course , there are no magic solutions to improving financial control in the Commission .
The whole process will take time .
We have a lot of vested interests to challenge but we will be watching next year 's report for concrete evidence that the measures the Commission has put in place since its investiture have had a real impact in stamping out financial mismanagement .
Mr President , I join the general congratulations to Mrs González Álvarez who has been a sympathetic and inclusive rapporteur .
She may occasionally have found the eccentricities of British car boot sales hard to follow but that , too , came within the remit of her personal charity .
This directive should be welcomed by the whole House and the issue of general product safety and its extension is something which must be commended .
In the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Policy , under the wise guidance of our rapporteur , we passed a series of amendments which , again , my group would commend en bloc to the House today .
We are less happy with some of the later ones .
We have heard the justifications for them and for the reprise of the industrial arguments which we heard in committee .
We remain unpersuaded and we will vote against most of them .
Perhaps before the vote , Mrs Lulling or one of her colleagues , will tell us what the exact wording , particularly in the English version , of Amendment No 42 , is .
We could support it if the wording was 'installation and maintenance ' and not 'installation as maintenance ' .
I am sure this is an error and if this can be confirmed , we will support it .
This proposal includes some extremely valuable general principles including the one which the other side of the Chamber appears to find offensive .
That is the principle that we do not export products that we believe are unsafe for our own people in the European Union .
Increasingly , as world trade develops , we are faced with this problem and we have to tackle it and not back away on the grounds that somehow the rest of the world does not matter , whether it is the safety of its health , its foodstuffs or the product which we export to it .
We have to look now at the links between products and services .
The Commission have begun to take a tentative but welcome step in that direction and perhaps the Commissioner will say more about that when he replies .
Finally , I would like to say a word about charity shops and car boot sales and all those other exchanges of donated and individual second-hand goods .
The charity shops welcome the general protection of this directive .
But they need an exemption from the obligation under Article 2 to provide information that they simply do not have .
Our Amendments Nos 1 , 8 and 18 bear on that point .
I hope it will be possible for the House to support these because it cannot be anybody 's intention to see these valuable and usually non-profitable charitable activities effectively driven out by an information provision which should relate to mainline manufacturers and to new or well attested products .
Provided the vendor can always inform the buyer of the nature of the goods and the limitations on the information that should be sufficient .
- I welcome this report by Mr Averoff on a proposal to grant funds to Greece in order to relieve the interest burden on EIB loans for the reconstruction of the Attica region which was devastated by the earthquake of September 1999 .
This aid is more than justified in the light of that tragedy .
Eriksson Report ( A5-0294/2000 )
- My party has serious reservations about Community law applying to the sale of consumer products , as against applying the concept of mutual recognition of standards .
Thus , we are opposed in principle to the original directive and must therefore oppose any extension of it .
Even if this was not so , we would still have serious reservations .
While this Commission proposal on general product safety is styled as a revision of the 92/59/EEC Directive , with claims that the approach followed in the original directive has not been altered , this does not seem to be entirely the case .
