I appreciate the Commission 's also being able to accept the amendments tabled .
I am a great believer in our not dragging matters out if possible solutions emerge .
We have found those solutions here in Parliament , and so it is merely up to the Council to deliver the rest .
This is a fine piece of work , and it is also excellent that the work has been completed before the next meeting of the ACP-EU Joint Assembly takes place , which is as early as next week of course .
I shall examine a couple of them more closely but , before I do so , I should just like to emphasise that it does not of course help a great deal to stand here and talk about the Cotonou Agreement if we cannot get it ratified , and we must once again call upon the Member States to make such ratification possible .
And even if there are many countries that have planned to ratify the agreement , we have still to see the final signatures .
The second thing that can be said is that such an agreement is not really , of course , worth very much if we do not arrange for proper aid .
The target I should like to have seen , namely one of 0.7 % , will certainly not be adopted , but I have to acknowledge that this target is impossible to achieve at the present time .
I should like now to address two points in Mrs Carlotti 's report .
The first is the issue of our own working methods .
On that issue , I definitely do not think that we have made enough progress .
The second point is the composition of the ACP-EU delegation , which is not of course particularly appropriate .
Should we , for example , have twice as many delegates from both sides and then only meet once a year in order to obtain greater representation ?
At present 70 % of all legislation in the EU is adopted by officials in the Council 's working parties , 15 % is adopted by the ambassadorial musketeers in COREPER , while 15 % reaches the Council of Ministers .
However , I know that legislative power belongs with the electorate and elected representatives , but that in the EU it has been seized by officials and their changing ministers .
If a law appears not to be a good law , it can only be amended if we get the Commission to table a proposal and have it adopted on the strength , as a rule , of 62 out of 87 votes , cast behind the closed doors of the Council .
The European Parliament is able , with an absolute majority , to submit amendments and reject a law during the conciliation procedure , but the European Parliament has not been given the legislative power of which the electorate and our elected representatives in the Member States have been deprived .
We still have a growing democratic deficit .
It is there that people can follow what is going on .
The next reform is , then , to open up the Council 's deliberations to the public .
The voting should also be publicly accessible .
Why not , moreover , also look at the Ombudsman 's proposals for administrative reform ?
Now , Mr Aznar López has an opportunity to give Spain a different image .
I hope , too , that it will be the place where we put an end to the big countries ' attempts to conquer the presidency of the EU.
There should be no group presidencies in which each of the five large countries gets four or five small states to join them in a group presidency .
There would then be the risk of the large country 's taking the lion 's share of the power .
We must be seen as a form of cooperation between independent countries - not as a new state .
They must not be allowed to use our common institutions to marginalise the smaller Member States .
.
The proposal tabled by the Commission does in fact combine five existing programmes - Grotius II , Oisin II , Stop II , Hippocrates and Falcone - in one , and I think that the proposal is broadly in line with Parliament 's wish to secure more aid for projects that can give people in the European Union an EU with greater security .
Part of the thinking behind the way in which the programme has been put together is that , in future , there should be a closer link between police cooperation and judicial cooperation .
It is gratifying that the candidate countries too are to be given the opportunity to participate in those projects that are financed under the programme , but it must be clear that , as a budgetary authority , Parliament cannot accept a situation in which the financial estimates are exceeded .
The programme ought , then , to be limited to the period 2003-2006 in its initial phase , and in that way shortened by a year .
That means , of course , a corresponding reduction in the framework appropriation , and the programme can subsequently be extended .
From a financial point of view , we are concerned here with less than one per mille of the EU 's annual budget , and the direct political consequences are cause neither for approval nor contradiction .
As a lawyer and democrat , I have to say that cooperation and development are always to be welcomed and that they can be useful and increase our awareness , but it is very difficult to take the rhetoric seriously .
It is as if freedom , security and justice had not been invented until these decisions were made