subordinated to the European Union .
The English version thus refers to the Northern dimension of the European Union .
And even more clear and more absurd is the assumption that the Union holds the chairmanship of HELCOM , and that means that Sweden at the present time , and then Finland , Denmark and Germany will be identified with the European Union .
From mad cow disease to biocides - it is certainly a leap both in terms of content and media interest .
Mad cow disease has everything .
The mad cows have everything .
But that is the way it is with parliamentary work .
Because if we do not regulate in this area , then it will be at the expense of people 's health .
There are probably more people who have died from biocides than from mad cows .
A reasonable balance has been struck between industry and the environment .
The most far-reaching , and therefore the most exciting , proposal from the Commission is Article 9.5 , under which a product may be barred if an alternative product exists .
I shall conclude by thanking the rapporteur for the considerable work she has put into this proposal , and recommend its adoption .
Madam President , I would like to draw attention to a somewhat regrettable misunderstanding which occurred yesterday .
And in drawing attention to it , I hope that something or other may be done so that it does not occur again .
I had a group of visitors who were sitting up in the gallery , and I was going to show them around Parliament .
However , I never received the note in question , and it was only an hour and a half later when the group of visitors was about to leave , that I caught up with them .
She had looked around the Chamber , but as she did not expect me to be sitting here , where I do not really feel that I belong in any case , she was not able to see me in the Chamber , and she told the group that I was not in the Chamber .
The long and the short of it is that I was not able to show the group around Parliament at all , but only found them five minutes before they were due to leave the place .
I would , at any event , like to be assured that such a thing does not happen again .
I therefore join in the regret at the lack of a decision by the ECOFIN Council on the CO2 tax and the decision taken by the Energy Council on SAVE II , which show that when it comes to realities , the Council wants neither taxes nor research , in other words it wants nothing at all when it comes down to it .
The Commissioner said that the Union should take the lead in this field , and here one has to say that the Commission has taken the lead , but the Union certainly has not , and the risk we are running at the moment is that the climate issue will be one of the really sorry , not to say frosty chapters in the long history of the Union , while reality shows that what is in fact involved is global warming .
The Commission therefore also supports the safety measures taken by the Member States .
This means that in many areas , a common stance has been formalized to some extent on these important safety-related matters .
Mr President , I should first of all like to commend all the many people , not least in Denmark , who have campaigned actively for this proposal .
They have helped to persuade the European Parliament that the positive aspects of motorcyclists ' outdoor life should be supported .
The point here is that the Commission has once again had its technical experts produce some fairly absurd regulations , without any regard for common sense or the realities of the outside world .
And there are in fact not many people who can tell whether the noise level is higher than 82 decibels .
The Commission should concentrate instead on ensuring that the motorcycles produced in Europe do not suffer from unfair competition .
After all , unemployment is one of the worst problems in Europe today , so it cannot be of any help if we make it impossible to keep jobs in Europe by imposing unreasonable requirements on our own workplaces in the Union .
Indeed , even Mr Bangemann has been for a motorcycle ride with Mr Barton to find out that Parliament 's proposals were on the right lines .
So I would say finally to the Greens once again : this may have been a brave attempt to do something for cyclists , but I am an active cyclist myself , and I think you should stop producing such ideas , because it will end up with people selling their bicycle and buying a motorcycle instead .
Mr President , I was rather surprised and pleased by Mr Santer 's words on taking up his office : less and better .
Now the subsidiarity principle was to be applied : let the Member States take care of those matters which cannot be dealt with better in Brussels .
There are now 21 392 regulations , directives and other laws .
But instead of a clear-out , it is now planned to press on regardless with majority decision-making and hence more government from Brussels .
We propose a different approach .
The limits of the EU 's powers should be defined , so that it deals with international topics .
The Commission should only put forward proposals if asked to do so by the national parliaments .
