.
There is no glossary .
As taxpaying citizens , we pay billions to the EU’s numerous information offices which then , however , use the money for propaganda rather than for providing genuine information .
We have annotated the margins with many cross-references so that there is no need to jump backwards and forwards to see whether unanimity or a qualified majority is required .
We have , moreover , made our work available on the Internet free of charge in all the languages .
We have also prepared approximately 1 000 definitions with relevant links to the website ‘euabc.com’ , and anyone can freely download them to their own computer and have future changes sent to them completely automatically via e-mail .
Instead , they have broken an agreement made with us in Democracy Forum and printed the draft Constitution without attaching the minority statement .
We signed the document describing the overall outcome in return for having the minority statement printed , so that EU citizens might be able freely to choose between the majority’s and the minority ’s visions of Europe .
I wish now to call upon the Council to ensure that the minority statement is printed together with the draft Constitution , and I am pleased to make our reader-friendly editions available to the Council free of charge .
It is strange that we who are opposed to the draft Constitution are to pay for its publication so that it can also be read .     Mr President , this is the first time that we are to give discharge to these five agencies , and it is a new situation to which both parties must accustom themselves .
I have had a constructive dialogue with several of the agencies .
All these agencies deserve special praise for their very proactive approach .
We have no major , outstanding problems with the individual agencies .
The internal auditing service’s final report confirms that the Environment Agency’s contracts with these firms are very worrying .
It is generally true to say that all the agencies are in a transitional phase , and they must adjust to the new Financial Regulation .
There will no longer be external , independent control of the agencies .
That is something we in Parliament have accepted as part of the new Financial Regulation .
I am , however , concerned that a gap in control will come about .
Mr Muis made this very clear at a meeting of the Committee on Budgetary Control .
The Court of Auditors carries out very few control checks .
It will be up to the future discharge draftsmen to assess whether the system will work in practice .
The agencies will have no controllers .
Parliament must have more influence on the appointment of the agencies ’ directors , and I am therefore pleased that we are asking the Commission to produce a proposal , something that is to be done before December of this year .
The agencies have had many important tasks transferred to them , so we must also ensure that they are led by competent people .
I am therefore in favour of Parliament’s being consulted on the appointment of the directors .
I am not perhaps as much in favour as some of my fellow MEPs of Parliament’s approving all the directors in turn , for we should then be attaching too much importance to the agencies .
I would , however , recommend us to vote in favour of the amendment by the Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party , proposing that Parliament be consulted but that it be the Commission that takes the decision .
We must not get involved in too many internal micromanagement decisions .
Basically , we should ask ourselves whether , in the end , we are good enough to control these agencies and whether we , generally speaking , have need for them all .
I should , then , like to conclude by saying that the Business Development Centre in Turin has suggested that it might itself easily undertake more tasks , instead of our setting about establishing more agencies .
I was very pleased with a lot of what the Commissioner said , but I really have to say how deeply disappointed I am that , following the debate in the committee , the bombshell has been dropped that the Commission wishes to set up a new agency for education and culture .
This means that horse-trading of one kind or another is now to be engaged in .
We should like to have been informed of this in the committee , rather than get to hear about it in this House today , just before the whole matter is to be decided .
It is disappointing .
We are increasing the number of EU Member States , and we are at the moment devising and debating a new framework for treaty-based cooperation based on the nation states and the people .
When we look at what is actually happening in Europe , who is it that takes the decisions ?
Who manages daily life in international , European , national , regional and local assemblies ?
The answer is quite simply that it is the men who do this .
The answer is , none .
Is that the case because there is a shortage of women in Europe ?
Is it a case of our constituting a minority ?
There are , now and again , people who tell us that we do , whereupon we are placed among other minorities .
We constitute at least half the population .
Is it , therefore , a case of there being no competent women ?
There are in actual fact women – and , as time goes by , more women than men – who enter higher education , although that is no longer , of course , always a criterion for participating in political life