If we do not achieve this fiscal coordination , we will have distortions of competition within the financial internal market through differing tax systems , which we do not want to have within a single market of which we want to make the best possible use , including in connection with the introduction of euro notes and coins .
We must simply take care that there is a reasonable balance between the interest in having such credit security systems and keeping them stable , and the other interests that of course exist - those , perhaps , of creditors in insolvency cases - to which consideration must also be given , and that these interests are reconciled fairly .
We need to do away with the uncertainty as regards the law applicable to transactions across borders in negotiable securities .
However , regulations and stock management measures have to be complied with and this compliance can only be achieved with controls which actually work and effective sanctions - including political sanctions .
What will this entail ?
I should like to close by reiterating that the guidelines which you have submitted are extremely useful to us and will give us good food for thought when we come to reform the Common Fisheries Policy .
However , I should like to point out that this is not the lion 's share of the agreement .
Mr Fischler saw for himself on Tuesday , when beekeepers from the majority of Member States visited the House with their produce , which attracted a great deal of interest , that some stands were cleaned out before the beekeepers had time to offer their products to the invited guests .
With bees , we have a self-supply rate of just below 50 % in the European Union .
Bearing these facts in mind and bearing in mind the heterogeneity of the sector and the widely differing bee economies in the European Union , we feel that neither a new common organisation of the market in the honey sector nor a direct aid regulation in the form of direct income support for beekeepers is warranted at the present time .
I had hoped for something more , rather than being hung out to dry !
There are 200 000 people currently starving in the Masningo province because Governor Hungwe has stopped food from being distributed by NGOs .
Civilians and aid workers fall victim to these bombs years after the conflict has ended .
I think that we should state our views in no uncertain terms in this case too .
Hence , as I said , we need to fight terrorism but the ultimate aim must be to strengthen international law and ban - and this too is a topical issue - atomic as well as biological and chemical weapons .
The women and girls of Afghanistan have had to withstand 20 years of war and constant infringement of their human rights .
In Parliament and the government they need seats and a voice .
They give everything away , all their worldly goods , their property and their hopes .
We are devastated that the attempt by our President , Nicole Fontaine , to meet President Eyadéma in Paris last week and ask him , as a favour , to arrange for this release , proved fruitless .
Mr President , the Maoist rebels in Nepal have unilaterally revoked the ceasefire and there have been 250 deaths within a few days as a result .
Commissioner , the European Union has supported Nepal to the tune of EUR 120 million over the last ten years .
I am delighted that we are holding it at the end of the European Year of Languages , because we have tried several times during the course of this year to persuade the Commission to do something about lesser-used languages .
We can only run once we have learned to walk , which is why we must keep a sense of reason and hope that Laeken prompts something in the convention to bring this about .
Because , taken together , the people who make up national minorities are already the second largest nationality in today 's European Union - never mind tomorrow 's - after the Germans and before the French .
That concludes the vote . - McKenna report ( A5-0405/2001 )
We welcome you very warmly back into our group and we thank you most sincerely for your convincing work , our dear President , Nicole Fontaine .
There has been some debate over this tripartite chairmanship which has been created for the Convention .
These must not be people who think that they will be taking part in a seminar ; the governments need to be represented by personalities who also have the ear of their government .
It is my hope - indeed I am counting on this - that , through the commitment of all of its members and as an independent forum , the Convention will gather its own political momentum during the course of its consultations , so that the next Intergovernmental Conference will not be able simply to disregard the Convention 's proposals .
We share in this success , and have you to thank for it having been possible .
The European Union must stand for a European model of society and for a European world vision .
So , when the Council at Laeken welcomes the Commission 's White Paper on European governance and the so-called Mandelkern report and expects an action plan on the subject from the Commission in the first half of 2002 , I hope that , when doing so , the Council has in mind the intention of strengthening Parliament 's role .
We should not find fault with a person 's age if that is a sign of an independence that can contribute much to the matter in hand .
I hope not .
Reading the Laeken resolutions reminded me