Nor do we want preventive wars against terrorism .
That is not and should not be the way we combat it .
Thank you for listening and thank you to all my honourable friends for adopting this report unanimously in the Committee on Civil Liberties , Justice and Home Affairs .
Unfortunately , the degree of excess in the measures being adopted under the Action Plan allows conservative forces to justify taking measures which do anything but defend a climate of security .
The taking of measures which will safeguard the peaceful coexistence of and a sense of security among the citizens of the European Union is not of secondary importance .
Consequently , efforts to strengthen this plan in the direction and towards the objectives which it serves worry us and we consider that it cannot , as it now stands , constitute a solution for the creation of an area of real freedom and security .     – Mr President , I have been the victim of terrorism .
I drive around in an armoured car with security .
What are these victories ?
They feed it .
We need to look at terrorism from inside the caves in Afghanistan and from how someone there sees it , so that we can at some point have a communication code and resolve the issue .
That is the easy answer .
Was our ally in the hunt for terrorists not guilty of the worst ethnic cleansing in centuries when it wiped out an entire race , the Red Indians ?
Do we not have a one-sided stand on the Middle East ?
What are we going to collect ?
We therefore need to look at how honest we are on the subject of terrorism .
So we need to open our eyes and stop this one-sided policy .
Terrorists are specific persons who exist but , at the same time , they are invisible and unseen .
As a tactic of war or political tactic , terrorism is the most abominable of phenomena .
The European Union is in a position to penetrate these societies and act as a catalyst .
I am sure that , with this strategy , the European Union will be able to pull the rug out from under the terrorists ' feet .
In truth , we ask you : is the slaughter of 100 000 civilians in Fallujah in one week by the American militia terrorism or is it not ?
Finally , there needs to be a detailed and ceaseless preventive policy and the European Union now needs to act proactively and not simply react to tragic incidents .
However , I believe that the existence of numerous texts , not only of these eight reports being debated today , but of all the others which have been adopted from time to time , is creating the risk of confusion and inefficacy .
Confusion does not create the preconditions for the proper combating of terrorism .     – Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , we all know that terrorism nowadays is a reality which we cannot , unfortunately , avoid .
Terrorism revived where the organised international community , or a part of it , unilaterally endeavoured to impose solutions through violence , which resulted in the creation of new , more violent conflicts .
The integrated crisis management systems , the monitoring and computer processing of suspicious information , the fight against financing for terrorism , the effective exchange of information or the approval of a common definition for terrorism are preventive and repressive mechanisms .
We are not in a position with such measures to make terrorism disappear .
The final resolution of this scourge must be sought over and above coordinated preventive and repressive action by the Community .
At the same time , it uses ' Islamic terrorism ' to neatly introduce an expanded definition of terrorist action and terrorist groups , by which it of course means the movements and organisations which are contesting or fighting to overturn the present regime .
The major industries – as owners and as associations , such as the Association of Greek Industries – are being upgraded as equal partners with the state in a sector which ( on the face of it as least ) comes solely with the jurisdiction of the state .
The rapporteur 's endeavour to include risks from natural disasters and the references to respect for fundamental rights are an alibi for passing the new autocratic measures .     – Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , at a time when the voice of the citizens for a more social and more democratic Europe is growing , unfortunately the Council and the Junker Presidency are going backwards , with six countries holding a gun to the others ' head .
Europe and the Council should , at long last , understand that there cannot be more and a bigger European Union with less money .
Not for the poorer countries and regions to pay most .
However , they must not , of course , be taken at the cost of the prospects of the European Union itself .
How ?
At some point , words and deeds with respect to the European Union will need to coincide .     – Mr President , it is a matter of political credibility for the European Union , following enlargement , to safeguard the financial resources for the implementation of development , employment , regional convergence and social cohesion policies .
As for the specific issues , I do not believe that the philosophy of cofinancing the common agricultural policy is acceptable .
If European integration is to reacquire momentum and win the trust of the citizens , it cannot be encaged in