Nor must we give the impression that being part of group 2 means that applicants are being put on ice .
Nor , for example , would we be opposed to a Bosnia with a large Islamic population group if at some stage it applied for membership of the European Union .
It cannot ignore the measures which remain to be taken .
As a result , the Union and Turkey have never been totally cut off from one another .
That is indefensible .
Let us now push for a good and decent system .
We are convinced that the European Parliament has an image problem , but we believe the Council must at last understand the necessity of applying once and for all this principle of equal pay for equal work , not least in the case of the European Parliament .
We would prefer to see nothing regulated and paid by the European Parliament , but instead a proper social statute , of the kind you suggest , forming part of the Statute as a matter of course .
That is not in itself so bad , because having a Community statute may nurture the idea that Parliament represents one people .
Expenses for the use of one 's own vehicle must be based on the objectively calculated total cost of a good and safe car , such as an official car .
This probably means that it is breaking the terms of the Treaty .
Mr President , after all the fuss over the expenses and salaries of Members of the European Parliament , tomorrow looks like being a good day .
So we support Mr Rothley there .
Tomorrow is an important day , and I sincerely hope that the Rothley report will be approved by a large majority , so that we can at last draw a line under these sordid discussions .
This is the price we are paying for the fact that too many decisions in Europe today are left to the narrow scrutiny of the finance ministers , under the prompting of the even narrower circles of the Monetary Committee .
It would be better to disband it and start again from scratch with a G3 .
Secondly , Europe must help to provide for scrutiny of flight capital flowing into developing countries .
But to say all of a sudden , after the event , that this is where the fault lay is unworthy .
Asia has been sick , but Europe will start sniffling if we are not careful and Europe has done relatively well with the euro .
The market too can take risks here .
Mr President , I agree with Mr De Coene and Mrs Green that Amendment No 18 is actually an addition , and I would like the House to have a chance to vote on it .
As such , it cannot be classed as a state or an international organisation .
For the above reasons , I was unable to support the Herman report .
In my Amendments Nos 12 and 13 , I made the point that instruments of monetary policy cannot simply be used to stimulate investment in jobs .
Mr President , I have a point of order based on Rules 2 , 5 and 119 of the Rules of Procedure .
Would you ask the security services in Brussels to carry out tests to see whether Members would be in danger in that sort of situation ?
Mr President , I do not think it is right that we should have to vote on the basis of information provided by certain Members about a decision apparently taken by the Committee on the Rules of Procedure .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , on behalf of the Liberal Group I should like to congratulate Mrs Quisthoudt on her success in concluding the decision-making on the framework programme .
Technology , as I cannot emphasise too often , is the key to economic growth , competitiveness and employment - in short , Europe 's prosperity .
We are not idiots .
Good decision-making , I would point out to the Council , demands greater flexibility from the Member States .
I am therefore pleased that in the framework programme too , the definition of SMEs is now restricted to firms employing up to 250 workers .
At the same time , I would stress the importance here of disseminating knowledge .
A new product may be produced , but there is no money to develop it further .
They must also be accessible via a single central contact point in the Commission .
The added value and the fundamental role of the European Union in the field of research is consequently to promote cooperation between Europe 's research partners .
There have always been close links between the United States and the European Union .
Fragmentation into lots of small projects and the overlapping of different projects is to be avoided , and from this point of view the question has to be asked whether earmarking 10 % of the budget for SMEs will really promote scientific development .
However , there must also be scope for fundamental research , which should be as independent and objective as possible .
This is a question that I raised yesterday as a point of order .
Madam President , I would just like to say that the Court of Justice has indeed summoned me to attend on Tuesday , 12 January 1999 in the Wijsenbeek case .
You can put this right by announcing it now , which would mean that the deadline for reactions is postponed until 15 January .
Madam President , you know that we all have to come here to Strasbourg for one week a month and that we are often deprived of news from our home countries .
Madam President , the Committee on Employment and Social