and partnership .
The traceability of beneficiaries , funds allocated and projects is a crucial aspect of the instruments governing the use of the European Regional Development Fund , the European Social Fund and the Cohesion Fund , in order to guarantee transparency of expenditure .
This regulation certainly represents a great step forward towards the coordination of European rail traffic , currently for freight only , and complements the liberalisation of the rail market , an absolute priority within this sector .
Moreover , changes that I regard as highly important relate to abiding by the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union , the right of MEPs to table amendments to the treaties , the procedure for electing the President of the Commission and , above all , the deletion of specific provisions relating to the appointment of the High Representative for the Common Foreign and Security Policy .
I hope that these changes will be made to the text of the treaty before long , given the fundamental innovation that they represent for the entire Union .
We should nevertheless stress another point , which is a basic principle in any discussion of finance , the economic crisis and the market .
The European Union must become the champion of a radical change from the financial policy of the past and must send out strong signals to prevent instruments such as over-the-counter derivatives from being able to jeopardise the entire financial market in future .
For this reason , I welcome the Commission 's intention to publish a communication in 2010 on respect for privacy and trust in the information society , since in my view , it is crucial to permanently monitor aspects relating to personal data protection .
The Internet has now become an instrument that is crucial to the development of the internal market , which is the cornerstone of the European Union 's growth and development .
The research that underpins each innovative action and discovery must therefore be supported , particularly when it succeeds in bringing together small and medium-sized enterprises and the world of new technology .
It is time for the European Union to invest more in the field of research and innovation .
If , however , we are to aim for 3 % of GDP to be allocated to research funding , we need the world of academia to provide more guarantees as regards , for instance , the academic productivity of lecturers , and we must prevent the piecemeal apportionment of resources , which has given rise in recent years to the improper and disproportionate use of already limited funds , with unsatisfactory results .
For this reason , I supported our rapporteur 's position , which calls for the forthcoming planning process in connection with the new financial perspective for the period 2014-2020 to include an increase in the EU budget for innovation .
Huge investments are not necessary in order to give these children a future ; all that is required is to provide these countries with medicines that cost very little and which , for us , are part of everyday preventive medicine , to build wells for drinking water , to provide simple mosquito nets and to ensure that supplies reach their intended destination .
When balanced against one another , in fact , the bad points that are being promoted unfortunately outweigh the good points present in other parts of the text .
Commissioner , when will an inquiry be carried out into this affair and into this sector ?
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , Russia will be an extremely important strategic partner for the European Union , and it is therefore vital to reach a broad partnership and cooperation agreement .
I will therefore vote in favour of this report .
Although the path already seems to have been decided , the merits and timing of Estonia joining the single European currency prevent me from voting in favour of the report under consideration by this House .
I consider the motion for a European Parliament resolution with observations forming an integral part of its Decision on discharge in respect of the implementation of the European Union general budget for the financial year 2008 , Section II - Council to be vitally important .
The aforementioned motion refers to the Council 's scant involvement in the discharge procedure , including its refusal to participate in parliamentary discharge debates , thereby revealing a contempt for Parliament 's discharge function , but especially for the right of the public and taxpayers to see all those responsible for the use of European Union funds called to account .
For this reason , I join my colleagues from the Popolo della Libertà delegation in wholeheartedly supporting the rejection of the European Commission proposal .
I therefore voted against the motion .
I believe it is essential to simplify the labelling of food products to allow a better understanding of ingredients , methods of use and traceability by consumers .
This proposal for a regulation is blazing a legislative trail on a subject that is fundamental for European Union citizens and enterprises , namely the transparency and dissemination of information on food products .
I commend my colleague for the work she carried out on the Commission document and , in general , I support the amendments she proposes , in particular , her opposition to the introduction of the traffic light labelling system , which is simplistic and misleading .
Although I am pleased to see the improvements in European economic governance toward a common approach , I honestly believe that the results of the summit are merely declarations of intent .
I do not wish only security for Israel , however , I also wish for its prosperity , including its moral prosperity .
I would like it to be the voice of Elie Wiesel , when he wrote that evil cannot be defined as inhumane