The main road , I must insist , is the one that leads on firmly towards training , schools and research , to give everyone the means to grow and to take part in active citizenship , so that social protection does not turn into a benefits culture .
Secondly , the President-designate , as the Rules also state , is obliged to present the Commission to Parliament , and the Council will then be notified if it is approved .     . – Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , many of us have suffered from injustice during our lives , and for people of good faith that is a reason to make every effort so that others should not suffer discrimination and abuse .
The different procedures used to date have not , in fact , guaranteed either impartial methods or respect for true democracy .
In response to the statement by the Council representative , we do not consider that the Prodi Commission can remain in office for as long as necessary .
Intellectual narrow-mindedness makes human beings petty and arrogant .
The President-designate has , in fact , taken a political line in structuring his Commission and , seeing that each Commissioner has already appeared before the appropriate parliamentary committee , the vote should have taken place .
We hope , therefore , that cooperation can go much further .
Noise pollution caused by sonar equipment thus not only causes physiological damage but also interferes with the natural behaviour of the animals and with normal communication .
Mines are deadly weapons of war that we must oppose at all costs , since they are directed against the civilian population , remain active indefinitely and often make it impossible to implement effective mine-clearing operations .
We saw photos , pictures of fields , pictures of wounded people .
Women , children , the old , men , whom I have seen with lacerated flesh and amputated limbs – in Kabul , in Kandahar , in Pristina – in the clinics where they are trying to save what can be saved .
For the European Parliament this has to be a commitment , as was the case for the ratification of the Ottawa Mine Ban Treaty , thanks to the unceasing work of thousands of people in non-governmental organisations .
This leaves us with a picture of the current situation without any definite certainties .
In fact , the Iranian embassy sent a letter to our President Mr Borrell yesterday – I have a copy of it – following up on correspondence with Mrs Svensson , in which it contests the content of our resolutions .
In order to avoid this it is absolutely necessary that the Code of Conduct should become legally binding and that we set out strict sanctions against businesses registered in the European Union which do not respect it .
It is also true that a little progress has been made in improving respect for human rights , and that China remains a protagonist in the fight against terrorism and is exerting useful pressure on North Korea to stop developing nuclear weapons .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , in congratulating Mr Wiersma on the quality and comprehensive nature of his report , I wish to emphasise on behalf of the Union for Europe of the Nations Group the importance that this European Union military peacekeeping mission assumes in the extremely sensitive area of Bosnia-Herzegovina .
Parliament , through its delegation led by its indefatigable chairman , Mrs Pack , closely follows events in Bosnia , as shown , among other things , by the recent visit to that country .
The military peacekeeping mission under the aegis of the Union from 2 December is there for this purpose .     Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , it may just be acceptable to regard financial aid to northern Cyprus as a charitable donation .
However , if we regard it as an investment to encourage development , then we are throwing money out of the window .
Naturally , we are also able to express our criticisms , explicitly and without restraint , as we have done and continue to do , as regards the death penalty and certain judicial procedures , for example .
We call for the abolition of all measures discriminating against Cuba and , consequently , of the Council’s common position ; a similar demand must be addressed to the US Government .
I consider it quite right that the European Union should change its attitude towards Cuba , because our current position is entirely subservient to US Government pressure .
What is Europe’s objective ?
He did clarify , however , and quite rightly , that further progress in the field of human rights could make a change in Europe’s attitude easier .
These must now be the objectives of the European Union .     Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I appreciate that President-in-Office Balkenende should have begun with the dramatic events in the Netherlands , which have disturbed that tolerant country .
I believe that Islamic terrorism should be combated by dialogue between cultures and religions .
We therefore call for the Union to play its part in the Sharm el Sheikh conference on 23 November and to make its weight felt , in the light of the unity we have attained , in insisting on full acceptance by all sides of UN Resolution 1546 , based on respect for international law and human rights .
The challenge of global competition forces us not to draw back from our ambition and requires a strong sense of political responsibility and determination from governments in order to carry through the structural reforms and to sustain the change in the field of social security .
I call on the European Union to adopt severe measures against terrorism , measures foreshadowed only after the barbarous murder of the film