escalating .
It is , nevertheless , of major importance that Russia be involved in the way in which the crisis is solved and that the Kremlin’s support be sought for the staging of another second round of the elections .
I trust that once the crisis has been resolved , hopefully in the positive sense , we can start taking concerted action along with Ukraine and with better policy than has been adopted so far .     Mr President , that Kiev is more European than Ankara is proved beyond reasonable doubt by what has happened over the past ten days in Ukraine , a country in which people stand up valiantly for the essential value of their ballot papers , and also one that has taught all European institutions a lesson about the true meaning of a European community of values .
Precisely a week ago , a Ukrainian author urged that ‘more urgently than ever , we need the moral and political support of the democracies in the world , because if we gamble away the democratic Ukraine today , you can forget about your self-congratulatory and conflict-free Europe as soon as tomorrow’ .
Understandably , reference has also been made to the historical significance of what is going on here .
On the other hand , I very much understand the concern that the whole process is being dragged out or delaying tactics are being applied .
Neither is orange the colour for a certain candidate , as has been remarked by a number of you , but is , as Mr Geremek and other have stated , a colour symbolising solidarity with all Ukrainians who demand free and fair elections .     .
Mr President , the President of the Council has a positive attitude .
That can be done , for example , by means of investments in the area of rural development , the environment , sustainable energy , research and exchange programmes for young people , teachers and artists .
That will only benefit a rational discussion about the EU’s expenditure .     Mr President , I share the opinion of many in this House that it is important to have an agreement about the financial perspectives for the future .
Some are , some are not .
Today , for example , we were discussing the issue of Ukraine , and the new neighbourhood policy needs fleshing out ; it needs investments .
We will need more than that .     .
He knows , as you do , that we in the Council share Parliament’s concern about this .
Those are all elements that are still being discussed here , as they are in the Council , and form part of the proposals we are in the process of formulating .
Since I seem to perceive some confusion about this , I should like to reiterate that the Commission proposal is very definitely the point of departure , although we all know that the Member States are entitled to adopt positions other than that proposed by the Commission .
One or two Members of this House also mentioned the generic correction mechanism .
You know just as I do that the multi-annual budget is a framework within which the annual provisions are made .
I do not entertain the worst-case scenarios one or two in this House have suggested in connection with the question as to what we will do if things do not go to plan .
It is her first debate here and I look forward to good cooperation .
That is where the European Union comes in .
I should , above all , like to thank Human Aids for the fact that during this year’s World AIDS Day , it will be focusing on women and girls and HIV/AIDS.
It may be useful to inform the Vatican of the fact that 88 % of the Ugandan girls and women who are HIV positive are married and have not had partners other than the man with whom they share their lives .
It is , of course , not enough that well-meaning Commissioners such as yourself or Commissioner Michel should be committed to the fight against AIDS .
Europe spends too little of its development cooperation budget on basic health care , which should be linked to good nutrition , access to clean drinking water and basic education .
I regard this as a discriminating and stigmatising remark and believe that Commissioner Kyprianou was right to say that we should not stigmatise AIDS patients in that way .
I do want to clarify , though , that this is not a European decision .
Commissioner Frattini has said that this is a security measure and that we demand better passports .
Commissioner , the situation is serious .
One of the proposals provides for a regulation which prescribes that clubs must play a minimum number of players who have been trained by their own clubs or in the competitions in which their clubs are involved .
That is an approach that I wholeheartedly support .
The programme draws a clear distinction between illegal content and unwanted content .
In close cooperation with the shadow rapporteurs , I have opted mainly for focusing on research into this technology and assessment of it .
This brings me to the third action line , which I myself regard as the most important .
A lack of technical protection of the computer can also result in Internet users spreading illegal or unwanted content without them knowing , with all the consequences that this entails .
It is up to parents to guide their children .
In addition , I should like to wish Commissioner Kallas much success in his new role ; I hope for his sake that the European Court of Auditors will be issuing a positive Statement of Assurance at the end of this term