The rule of law means just that .
No-one can place him or herself outside its ambit just because of who they are or what they do .
The American jurist , Lon Fuller , warned us that one of the ways in which something can fail to be a legal system is if there is no congruence between legal rules and official action .
In the last eleven years we have seen three European Court of Justice judgments in favour of the lettori .
On 13 September this year the European Ombudsman sustained a complaint by them and a number of individual cases have been upheld in the Italian courts .
I am well aware that the circumstances have not been easy for people on both sides of the argument .
But if in this Parliament the rule of law is important to us , we must ensure that it is upheld .
If in this Parliament we genuinely believe in a citizen 's Europe , we must strive to secure one .
As has been said , this is the third time that this issue has come before Parliament in the form of a motion for a resolution .
I hope and trust that there will be no need for it ever to do so again , unless it is to thank all those involved for the fact that effective action has now been taken .
By coincidence , this very afternoon I am off to Italy , a country that I love so much , to lecture about the benefits of the Mediterranean diet , which has been exported so successfully to the rest of the world , and therefore it saddens me all the more to make this speech criticising its government and its rules in this area .
However , some of my British constituents who wish to lecture and reside in Italy are not so fortunate as I am today .
In 1989 foreign lecturers working there won a case before the ECJ requiring their contracts not to be limited to six years .
After the Italian universities had responded by saying that the judgment did not specifically require them to offer open-ended contracts , a second judgment of the Court in 1993 spelt out clearly that the length of the contracts could not be fixed .
The universities responded by downgrading the status of foreign lecturers to support staff and no longer members of the academic teaching staff .
These dismissed lettori , as they are known , took their employers to the Italian Supreme Court , which ruled in their favour and demanded their immediate reinstatement .
The universities ignored the rulings , denying them the rights associated with teaching staff , including the twice-yearly pay rises so generous in the academic system in Italy .
In a Kafkaesque style the universities even went as far as to remove their names from the internal telephone books , the doors and the university websites .
This is quite unacceptable in a modern Europe .
Some of you will be aware of my support for the right of the male descendants of the exiled Italian royal family to return to their homeland .
They are subject to a medieval article in the constitution of Italy which prevents all male descendants of the family from entering Italian territory , in clear violation in my view of the Treaty of Amsterdam .
Shamefully , in this very House the left-wing and Liberal groups have conspired to block the two princes ' access to the Court of Justice although a ruling is expected shortly from the Court of Human Rights in Strasbourg .
Governments must understand that if they sign treaties then they must either abrogate them as sovereign states or abide by their terms in a rule of law .
The Italian Government , which comprises left-wing parties who constantly extol the virtues of European laws , rights and treaties , must act soon on both these issues if its commitments to the values for which it claims to stand are not to generate widespread cynicism in other Member States about Italy 's commitment to uphold European law .
So far the European Commission has proven unwilling to enforce the Treaties when the number of people affected are few .
In the instance of my motion on the royal family this was even described by the Liberal rapporteur in this House on human rights as an exotic motion of no interest .
Well , I believe that these matters go to the very heart of the fundamental principles of the freedom associated with European law , particularly the freedom of movement , and no exceptions can be made to these principles .
There must be non-discrimination for EU citizens wherever they come from and wherever they want to go to within the Union .
These issues are vital to uphold European freedom and in my view there is no national issue of vital interest to the security of the Italian State which is being threatened by either the royal family or the Italian foreign lecturers .
Mr President , I am pleased that the Liberal amendments were defeated and that I was therefore able to vote for this report but I would like to query one point made by Mr Busquin .
He said that everyone working in Italian universities has to pass the same exams as Italian teachers have to pass .
I do not see why that should be the case .
We are supposed to have mutual recognition of qualifications across Europe so that you can qualify in your own country and then move to others .
That is a basic issue in Mr Busquin 's response which needs to be questioned and I am sorry to see that he has now left the Chamber .
Madam President , as Chairman of the Committee on Citizens ' Freedoms and