We must put an end to the situation in which each Head of Government and Finance Minister in the Council only has the short-term interests of their own country at heart when it comes to planning our revenue , regardless of the consequences .
This means that we need a system that is transparent , uniform and balanced .
This figure has become a politically reliable basis for cooperation based on partnership between Parliament and the Council .
Thirdly , the existing structures for budgetary decision making are such that it is extraordinarily difficult for fundamental reform to be carried out .
At the end of the day it will only lead to additional taxes being brought in and not to certain taxes being abolished .
This lack of transparency is a bad thing and as such is reason enough , in my view , for us to endeavour to make reforms .
What is important is that the reform steps for agricultural policy introduced in Agenda 2000 should also find expression in the Union ' s budget , and we need a sound decision on budgetary discipline to this end .
I would like to remind you though that Parliament , or rather the European Union as a whole , have , in recent years , developed the Notenboom procedure to such an extent that the carry-overs were practically indecipherable by the end of the year , and that we pressed for doing this by means of supplementary and amending budgets , in order to achieve greater transparency .
Yesterday , we decided on the procedure for appointing the director of OLAF in the Committee on Budgetary Control .
We were aware that not everyone was in agreement with this but pushed it through nonetheless .
I want to make that very plain and make specific reference to the figures that have been placed before us for Kosovo .
There were 450 applicants .
I believe that the procedure can be interpreted in such a way that naturally the Committee on Budgetary Control is at liberty , for its part , to conduct hearings of the 11 candidates and reach a decision .
Mr President , I have a specific question : Mrs Schreyer , you said that the list will be made available to us before the end of today .
Therefore , we must handle this together so that the existing procedures , which the Commission regards as formal procedures ; i .e . the calling-in of the nomination committee and also Parliament ' s right to conduct hearings of the candidates , and the role of the monitoring committee , can be included in the process .
For it is only under such circumstances that the former monopolies are forced to shut down all their unprofitable installations and pass the consequences of this onto the consumer in terms of costs .
Finally , I would like to make an observation of a rather personal nature .
But it also requires the European Union to come up with framework directives , that is a framework in which competition can take place under environmentally friendly conditions .
Some of these smouldering fires occur naturally and some are started by people .
Nuclear power cannot be the answer to our problems .
The object of the directive is , as the title states , the service of documents in civil and commercial matters , i .e . specifically not in criminal matters .
However , the proposal does not go far enough .
Breaking down borders between the Member States has not only created an internal market in Europe that is enabling the economy to flourish , it has also afforded the citizens of Europe a hitherto unknown degree of freedom .
I would expressly like to extend my thanks to Mr Watson for this , for he too is particularly concerned with the welfare of children , who are often the ones to suffer most when couples separate .
For this , I would like to express my thanks to the Commission and the rapporteur .
The entry into force of this regulation will fill a loophole that has existed in the field of international private law and represents an important step towards extending the Union into an area of freedom , security and justice .
For this reason , I would like to thank the rapporteur Mrs Gebhardt on behalf of myself and my group , for her splendid report , and I hope that we can now take a major step forward in the best interests of children .
Earlier shutdown of the reactor blocks would indeed be desirable .
As of the year 2000 , we intend providing financial support in the form of up to EUR 20 million per year for every shutdown measure .
The Commission knows - and I am sure that the Members of Parliament agree with this opinion - that the closure of nuclear power stations imposes a heavy burden on national economies faced with radical change , particularly in those countries that , having won independence from the Soviet Union , have only recently set themselves up as independent states .
)
Naturally , what Mr Chichester has said applies in the general sense .
So I ask you , Commissioner : were you aware of this study ?
As far as is humanly possible , an MCA ought to be excluded during routine operation .
Greater flexibility on the part of the applicant countries should be expected in the name of good neighbourliness .
I am well aware that this subject is extremely volatile in some Member States and , as the debate also has shown , particularly at this time in Austria .
This is actually an incredibly difficult question and , as I see it , pretty much a question of conscience .
We will certainly be returning to this subject