population during this transitional period for the crop .
The EU is using unemployment as a means of intimidating workers .
In the mediaeval employment conditions being prepared by the EU , the 'model ' employee as described in EU employment guidelines is an 'employable ' person working under conditions of every conceivable form of part-time work .
I should also like to thank the rapporteur from the Committee on Industry , Research and Energy , Mr Dover , for his constructive approach .
We agree with Mrs Thomsen 's explanatory statement that the elimination of gender discrimination in science heralds a new era of excellence for European research and academic growth , and a boost for innovation .
In the field of science , engineering and technology , the corresponding figures are 34 % female graduates and 9 % female professors .
Since 2003 , the Commission has also been publishing the ' She Figures ' statistics , which show the participation of women in European research .
For example , women 's participation in committees evaluating research work has increased from 10 % in the Fourth Framework Programme to 34 % in the Sixth Framework Programme .
In the context of the European Research Area , the European Commission shares these concerns and supports the adoption of policy measures facilitating greater coordination between professional and family life .
This is directly linked with the target agreed by the Member States in 2005 : 25 % of senior posts in public research organisations should be occupied by women .
Specialists make proposals about how existing scientific mentality and culture can be broadened and made more open , but the challenge now is to put that into effect .
In March 2006 the Commission adopted the Roadmap for equality between women and men 2006-2010 .
Without their assistance and contribution , I could not have achieved a satisfactory compromise with the Council .
The proposed Regulation under discussion deals mainly with 12 000 tonnes of mercury which will become surplus in the coming years , and it will pave the way for further measures to be taken at international level .
The most important provisions of the compromise text are as follows : It broadens the scope of the ban on exports covering not only metallic mercury but also cinnabar ore , mercuric chloride , mercuric oxide and mixtures with a mercury content exceeding 95 % by weight .
A review clause has been included requiring the Commission to re-examine the situation and submit a report on the matter to the European Parliament and the Council no later than 15 March 2013 .
We have also succeeded in introducing conditions for the acceptance of metallic mercury prior to its final disposal on the basis of research into its solidification .
This Regulation implements two of the procedures mentioned by the Commission in its communication of 2005 to the Council and the European Parliament on the Community Strategy Concerning Mercury .
The adoption of this Regulation will be a milestone in the implementation of the strategy , since it will prohibit exports from the Community of metallic mercury , -which account for at least 25 % of global supply .
The Regulation will prevent the export of surplus mercury to third countries and its use in gold digging and similar unlawful activities , which contribute significantly to the accumulation of mercury in the environment .
In particular , I should like to emphasise the constructive role of the European Parliament in shaping this satisfactory agreement .
The Commission will , of course , keep a close eye on the correct enforcement and observance of all the Regulation 's provisions , and will also re-examine the need to take further measures .
Adopting this Regulation will send out a strong message regarding the EU 's commitment to addressing the problem .
This programme is examining safe disposal methods for metallic mercury .
To sum up , the European Commission can accept the compromise package as agreed in the tripartite discussions , namely Amendments 42-63 .
By 1 January 2010 at the latest , the Commission will organise an exchange of information between Member States and other interested parties with a view to considering the advisability of taking additional measures .
Certain key provisions have been included in the proposed compromise package .
A revised schedule has been agreed , which is in fact more exacting than that envisaged in the original proposal , while at the same time ensuring sufficient time for taking suitable measures at each stage .
The Commission is in a position to assure Parliament that enforcement of the Regulation will be closely monitored and any necessary additional measures will be proposed in good time .
This comes at an opportune time and enhances the EU 's credibility among its partners .
However , the Commission cannot justify the priority given to only one area proposed in Amendments 37-41 and therefore cannot accept those amendments .
The compromise before us shows that the important positions adopted by the European Parliament at first reading , together with the Commission 's constructive contribution , have been included in the agreement with the Council .
We must safeguard this achievement .
Neither the Council nor the Commission is adopting this proposal and even the Spanish Government did not put forward such a request in the Council .
I therefore call on you to vote in favour of this agreement tomorrow .
However , recent reports in the media have once again revealed the dismal reality of shipbreaking practices in some parts of South Asia .
We estimate that one quarter of the global fleet flies the flag of an EU Member State , and about 40 % of all vessels are owned by EU-based companies .
When the ships reach their destination , the waste materials in question are removed in a way that is dangerous and harmful to the environment