directive is not enough .
The Commission 's proposal for a new directive designed to improve the climate for electronic trade on the Internet in Europe has come not a moment too soon for the European Union , or perhaps even a little late .
The fact that the charter is non-binding indicates where the seat of the problem lies .
As the guardian of the Treaties , the fact that it regularly flouts Article 169 - the infringement procedure - is a major democratic failing that cannot be tolerated in a democratic constitutional system .
Parliament is also calling for a public register of complaints accessible via the Internet , with the complainants ' agreement , naturally , giving all the relevant information on the progress of the cases , or lack of it .
Unlike the Commission , however , we would like to see all new infringement cases subject to this assessment with clear time-limits , not just upon request , because then we would be back to the situation that I just described .
The industry must be given the chance to solve problems through self-regulation and a European code of conduct .
Mr President , as we have heard in the debate this evening , everyone knows our position .
Any resemblance to persons here present is , of course , entirely accidental .
It does not always happen , unfortunately , but nevertheless a good many proposals are put to us .
We have asked on five occasions for an annual progress report on the third pillar , so we were absolutely delighted to read that the Council had decided on 19 March last year to send Parliament progress reports not just once but twice a year .
The presidency has clearly described the work which has to be done to integrate the Schengen Agreement into the EU Treaty .
I know that this is a fairly complicated subject .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , Mr President of the Commission , I do not think I am a bad loser .
Mr President of the Commission , we passionately defended you here in the House in July 1994 , and I am still happy with my commitment and confidence in you personally .
Applause This is an out-and-out scandal and not worthy of any parliament .
We do not wish to be associated with those of our colleagues who are against a strong Europe , which is why it was so hard for us to vote in favour of the motion .
The bombings were right , and this sort of action could again be justified in future if the Iraqi leader continues down the same path .
We must not allow ourselves to be distracted by political tricks and stratagems .
Mr President , Indonesia 's new president , Mr Habibie , is confining his reforms to certain selected measures , whereas what Indonesia needs are different measures which will promote democracy , respect for human rights and economic recovery .
Mr President , a number of speakers have already talked about the lengthy conflict in which Indonesia has illegally occupied East Timor .
The government of Guatemala must ratify the relevant international conventions as soon as possible , and the Union must bring pressure to bear on Guatemala to ensure that it does .
However , I am happy enough with the compromise text , because this is a specific issue of which we have a fairly clear picture , no matter how great the scale of the problem , and the Commissioner and his officials can now try to do something about it through their contacts with the Guatemalan government .
A number of ECHO projects are running in the Comunidades de Paz , an organisation of villages that were built a year ago at Apartadó and Rio Sucio in the north of Colombia .
However , I do not understand why , when he then gave a list of countries where we want action to be taken , he started talking about budgets .
What we want to know is why the Commission agreed that this multinational , which as we know wants to downsize worldwide , should be allowed , either by being provided with a suitable site or with subsidies , to transfer part of its staff to its plant in Ireland .
My province of West Flanders too has similar problems , with the neighbouring province in Wallonia luring firms with the 30 billion francs of Structural Fund money that it has at its disposal .
So it is more than just a legal problem .
What we need to achieve is a society in which parents can have as many children as they want and children can develop their full potential .
I shall be putting forward a proposal on this subject to Parliament shortly , but it is still being translated at the moment .
The terminology used in legislation on the protection of children is also something that we should be able to harmonise .
Earlier this week , we debated the Sainjon report which is along the same lines .
This is why I would call for binding agreements and warn against hypocrisy .
The work we do with international organisations is another way of promoting compliance with international codes of conduct .
What does the type of covenant we are looking at mean for firms here ?
Sixth , how to involve the firms themselves in the discussions .
This gives carte blanche not just to the good firms , which some are , of course , but also to the bad firms , which then flout social and environmental legislation that they would have to respect in their own countries .
Perhaps we could approve the report tomorrow and still put it to the Assembly