The Commission has taken on many of the recommendations drawn up last year by Parliament , including that concerning the monitoring of provisions on working time , both on the road and at company premises .
I am not sure if the whole PPE Group supports this proposal .
I believe this is an important constitutional matter .
That said , I believe the response provided by the Committee on Budgets is too ambiguous .
Members of this House will remember Joan Colom .
His excellent term as President is crowned by the report he is presenting today on economic , social and territorial cohesion in Europe .
One of these is combating social exclusion .
We wish the whole sector to be competitive .
It has to be borne in mind that our contribution to general cohesion must remain at 0.46 % of GDP.
Solidarity is called for .
We also agree to the College of Commissioners ’ 1.24 % proposal .
The first concerns the ultra-peripheral regions .
Anyone who maintains the opposite is not speaking the truth and is sending out the message that the statistical effect cannot affect Member States reducing the Cohesion Fund either .
It has yet to be determined exactly how this will be achieved .
It is a horizontal problem affecting all regions of Europe .
Further to the debate on stock taking and the change to activity based budgeting , the European Parliament is doing away with the former budgetary guidelines .
I should like to take this opportunity of emphasising that the opinions of the other parliamentary committees will be taken into account at first reading of the budget .
Turning to internal policies , the European Parliament is concerned about meeting the mid-term objectives set at Lisbon .
Parliament must deal quickly with these priorities , however , if it is to be seen to respond to concerns expressed by European citizens .
To summarise , in the case of the fight against terrorism , the House will go beyond supporting the Council and the Commission .
I shall conclude by saying that we will be very vigilant as far as the various agencies are concerned .
These are to combat poverty and promote human rights .
The committee also shares the priorities of the European security strategy , namely combating terrorism , the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction , and preventing organised crime and regional conflict , as well as dealing with failing states .
I would also like to point out that at the moment the jobs of thousands of officials in the Commission and other institutions are at stake , but this is also an opportunity to highlight the most significant events which have taken place in the field of financial management .
This concerns substantial reform in the field of financial management which involves its decentralisation and the allocation of responsibility to the Directors-General which is reviewed every year in the annual statement of activities .
We must wait until 2005 .
In the field of agriculture , a critical view is taken of the prefinancing of exports , which represents free financing , and , with regard to the Structural Funds , underutilisation , which is the result of the Member States’ overestimations in their calculations is criticised .
Within this context , following the adoption of Directive 96/92/EC , that is , the first Directive on electricity , the Commission published an annual comparative evaluation report in which it examined the application of the internal market in gas and electricity in all the States of the Union .
Guaranteeing minimum standards depends on the transposition of Directives , and now also the Regulation , on the part of the various States of the Union , which is carefully analysed by the Commission in order to ascertain whether they are complied with and whether that transposition is carried out in such a way that those minimum standards are applied .
In this regard , we have already talked about other chapters , both the infrastructures for interconnecting the Iberian Peninsula with the rest of the Continent via France , which are needed , and also the regulation we have adopted , the application of which I hope will facilitate trade .
I believe they are absurd .
That is our main interest .
I do not believe we can contribute anything new to the fundamental issue , because our positions throughout all these debates have been made sufficiently clear .
The European Union and the United States share this common objective and it is fundamental , and absolutely urgent and necessary , that we cooperate .
The problem , Mr President , is that Parliament has been facing an intolerable situation with regard to the decisions the Commission has been taking in this field .
What we are asking the Commission is that it ensure that the rules are respected .
Community legislation , Mr President , should take account of this need for plurality and should have instruments for actively defending it .
I hope that the institutions can act in the way the citizens expect us to act .     Mr President , I believe the debate we are holding is not exclusively an Italian one .
A party such as mine , which is the third biggest municipal political force in our country , has no presence on our television and I believe this issue is fundamental to European integration .     Mr President , I would naturally like to begin by congratulating the Commission on its proposal and the rapporteur for the work she has done , both from a technical point of view and in terms of cooperation with other Members , since it has allowed us to incorporate some of our proposals into her report .
One of the European Union’s successes has undoubtedly been to remove barriers so that citizens can move freely throughout all of its countries without facing different treatment .
Naturally , I believe that the