, and I always thought this was correct , we have quite simply deleted Chapter 8 from the Convention entirely .
I would like to draw attention to a key political problem on which my position as rapporteur has always coincided with the majority view in Parliament in previous debates .
I am all for thought being given to this and for seeking solutions .
We are concerned about the tendency in some Member States to substitute temporary so-called refuge for genuine recognition of refugee status under the Geneva Convention .
Mr Pirker , on the other hand , is an example of someone quite capable of maintaining all his aggressive prejudices despite being in possession of the facts .
The judgment of the European Court of Justice - as Mr Lehne has already said , Parliament took this to court - still failed to clarify the degree of consistency we should apply to this question .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , many speeches on asylum and refugees in Europe remind me of Bertold Brecht 's famous play ' The Good Woman of Szechuan' , in which the main character has to work hard at night as a realist to put right the damage she has done as a philanthropist during the day .
What is particularly important is that we use the successful launch of monetary union in order to reduce the democratic deficit in the European Union .
But I would warn against using the term 'counterpart ' . We do not want a counterpart to the European Central Bank ; rather , we want to complement it .
Anyone who thought the common currency must and would necessarily lead to a common economic policy , then to an employment policy and finally to a social union is now disappointed .
In the current stage of the European debates , the general guidelines require political authority .
That is a particularly successful intellectual proposal .
I am particularly sceptical about paragraphs 28 , 32 and 33 concerning own resources and qualified majority voting .
Authors ' rights are the weakest in terms of the requirement of market and industrial freedom and therefore most in need of protection , given that they relate to works that can only be treated as products to a limited extent .
Is the Council aware that we must set this as a priority ?
I believe I may say without any arrogance but with a certain pride that it was my group that kept pointing out that we need both : the offer of talks and the threat of force .
It is most important for the European Union to urge Albania in particular to listen to the voice of reason and the voice of consensus .
He does not and cannot want a solution to the Kosovo conflict forced upon him by the West .
It describes the pressures on island regions that are remote and isolated from the economic centre of the Union .
On the one hand he proposes a range of administrative measures , on the other a range of financial measures .
I myself was informed of it in detail by the Swedish Government in Stockholm last Sunday .
Mrs González Álvarez , I am extremely grateful to you for that information and would in fact be most obliged to you if you could , as you say , put the relevant documents at the Council 's disposal so that it can take account of them in the appropriate decision-making processes .
Mr President-in-Office , I just want to ask whether this problem that is facing Greece is not also connected with two other issues .
We seem to be moving away from that at present in environmental policy .
There are too many exceptions , no clear limit values and standards , quality targets that are in no way binding , that follow the English principle of : let 's water it down and nobody will notice .
Even if environmental protection has in the past had a raw deal in many other policy areas and too little attention has been paid to it , we must not repeat the same mistake by going too far in the opposite direction .
Do they occur after 7 years for all GMOs ?
For that reason alone we should not take that decision .
So I believe it is necessary to set limits .
That is pure cynicism , for surely it means that we are using man and nature as a form of guinea-pig !
Six years have passed since the Green Paper .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , eight or nine million or cars a year are discarded in the European Community .
But no costs for the last user either , that can never be !
That is not environmentally friendly , and you know that this is something I keep a very close eye on .
The Commission needs to hurry up here , and that is where you , Mrs Bjerregaard , come in .
That is why I say : no charge for the last owner .
So we must ensure that as few old cars as possible are dumped , but we certainly cannot lay down what quota is to be recovered in what way .
That means , to put it mildly , that it is not right of Mr Florenz to say that we would be watering down these Commission proposals in any respect at all .
To include the collection of used parts from repaired cars would involve the entire garage waste disposal system and in the final analysis that has nothing to do with the directive .
It gives the impression that the American margin for play in trade policy is increasingly determined by a purely national political agenda , which causes justified fears that it is trying to impose a particular American trade philosophy worldwide .
