Secondly , in this age of electronic democracy , we should all be investing in guarantees to safeguard our long tradition of democratic values and , first and foremost , the separation of media power from economic power .
Every second , someone dies as a direct result of smoking .
The gender gap between smokers is narrowing , with an increase in the number of girls smoking and 500 000 babies are born prematurely and underweight because their mothers smoke .
As the House knows , this Commission proposal replaces Directive 43 , the directive which , albeit after ten years ' negotiations , was finally passed by the European Parliament and adopted by the Council in 1998 but , unfortunately , annulled by the Court of Justice in October 2000 .
However , unlike the previous directive , it is not based on the principle of a total ban on all forms of advertising and sponsorship .
Ladies and gentlemen , our decision on Wednesday will have tremendous political implications because it concerns an issue on which the European Parliament and the Council have already expressed a view and taken a decision .
It is therefore only logical that the new proposal should be more modest when it comes to protecting public health than the annulled directive , which also included indirect advertising .
Consequently , printed matter circulating solely within the territory of one Member State has no cross-border effects and cannot create any obstacle to the internal market or serious distortion of competition .
Given that no one here is against health protection measures , the bottom line is that the two sides have to calmly decide which amendments are needed in order to rescue this as a valid directive .
And every country , every nation , must feel equal and secure within this development .
The political determination of the Union , which must not tolerate any conceptions which might allow third parties to intervene in Union 's activities , is being judged in Cyprus , the most institutionally and economically advanced of the candidate countries .
I think Romania in particular is being treated a little more harshly than the other countries and I must point out that its quota of parliamentarians is out of proportion to its population .
As a Greek , I expect that Turkey will soon become a fully paid-up member of the European Union .
I am positive that the new political leadership in Turkey has realised that the way to build Europe is through democratic procedure , not eastern haggling .
Political union , economic union , common social policy , integrated ecological intervention here and throughout the world , these are the real reasons we want the Union and I hope and believe in my heart of hearts that our honourable friends from the candidate countries want the same , rather than to discuss other , more minor considerations .
It is absurd from every angle .
Turkey has a right to know what the time frame is for its relations with the European Union .
The time appears to have come for serious negotiation of a political solution .
No solution can be advocated or accepted which permanently deviates from the acquis communautaire .
And all those who played a part during those three thousand years will , where they still exist , naturally have a place in modern-day Europe .
May I remind you that when the crisis in the Ottoman Empire reached its peak in the nineteenth century , the European powers referred to the Sultan as 'the sick man of Europe ' , not the sick man of the Middle East or the sick man of Asia Minor .
All that remains to be seen is if permanent changes will be introduced which will consolidate democracy in Turkey and help satisfy the Copenhagen criteria .
This will bring about a peaceful revolution in this area , which will be especially valuable to Turkey , which has more need than anyone to carve out a democratic future for itself at last .
I think that , although there may be good prospects , there are also question marks .
I have two questions .
Yesterday was the deadline for a verbal reply ; the Republic of Cyprus has said yes but there has been no reply from the Turkish-Cypriot side , perhaps because Mr Denktash is ill .
I trust that his colleague will pass my question on to him .
A Finnish national , for example , will have more rights in the Greek-Cypriot state than a Turkish Cypriot and a Portuguese national will have more rights in the Turkish-Cypriot state than a Greek Cypriot .
Mr President , Commissioner , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , as chair of the Committee on Women 's Rights and Equal Opportunities of the European Parliament , I should like to say that I am delighted that , as far as enlargement of the Union and laying the foundations for a real united Europe based on our common values is concerned , we have at last turned into the home straight .
Unemployment has risen and wage differentials have increased .
There is no such thing as a credible policy which does not promote gender equality in decision-making procedures and future planning .
It is a depressing mechanism for defending the interests of big business , it is the European outpost of the global imperialist system , which is hitting out at workers ' rights and building up an army and repressive mechanisms to silence any opposition .
The nature of the European Union and the experience of the people in my country during 22 years of membership is such that we cannot conceal the truth from other people ; we are compelled to warn them of the consequences of their incarceration .
It is a disguised form of confederation , which will result in