While we recognise there has been a smooth transition , there remain areas we have to watch .
I would hope that we can continue with these annual reports and these Parliament reports so that we can monitor very closely the situation in Hong Kong .
Mr President , I too would like to add my words of congratulations to John Cushnahan on this report .
I envy him the opportunity of having been able to draw it up If I take issue with anything in this report , it is purely on a matter of balance and perspective .
It is a question of whether one regards the glass as being half full , or as being half empty .
Mr Cushnahan rightly points to the question of the three legal cases which have caused concern .
He rightly points to the lack of progress on the introduction of universal suffrage for the elections of the Chief Executive , to discrimination against companies with trading links with Taiwan and to the decline in confidence of the political system .
These are all indeed serious challenges and if we must be grateful that things have gone as well as they have , we must nonetheless be concerned that greater progress has not been made .
If we believe , as I do , that the biggest challenge of the 21st century is the democratisation of China , then of course Hong Kong is a fascinating experiment .
I should be interested if the Commissioner would report to us something of the summit that Mr Prodi had with the Chinese last weekend and whether Hong Kong came up in those discussions .
Democracy and the rule of law will not be achieved and sustained unless the West is determined to make its voice heard .
I believe that the record of the European Union falls far behind that of the United States of America in this area .
I am aware that our Member States have concerns about standing up against the Chinese on issues of human rights because they fear trade sanctions in retaliation .
But if there is one area where western Europe could stand four-square behind the European banner , it is surely in this area .
We must have a record on human rights which is as good as that of the United States .
The ASEM summit last week managed to agree a statement which included as a goal of Asia-Europe cooperation the promotion of human rights .
That is progress but we must look to the Commission for much more active involvement in this area ; the fruits of such an approach will be enjoyed nowhere more than in Hong Kong .
Mr President , I warmly welcome this report and congratulate the rapporteur on it .
There is only one area of serious concern , and that is where the rapporteur extends the principle of conditionality to the area of debt relief .
In almost every other area I would support conditionality .
I strongly believe that we have a responsibility to use the tools available to us to promote good governance , democracy and the rule of law in our international relations .
But while these should indeed guide our aid policies , there is an important distinction to be made when it comes to debt relief .
That is because history demonstrates that responsibility for the debt lies with the lenders as well as the borrowers .
Moreover , since the original loans were made the debt stock has continued to grow way beyond the original loans .
Many countries are repaying their debts several times over .
Some countries still spend more on debt repayment than on health and education combined , and yet the people suffering from this diversion of resources are certainly not those who had any benefit from the original loans that were given .
There is a valid argument that says , what is the point of cancelling debt if undemocratic governments simply misuse the funds for their own ends ?
That remains a possibility .
But there is perhaps a stronger possibility that once populations know that debt has been cancelled , they can exert more pressure themselves on their governments to achieve much needed social spending .
Mr Van Hecke 's report says that applying conditionality requires consistency and courage .
I agree .
But in the context of debt relief it also requires justice and a recognition that in many cases , the original debt has already been repaid many times over .
Mr President , I also welcome both the Commission communication and the report we have here today .
One key message in all this is the need for consistency .
The European Union has a number of activities under its umbrella : trade , Lomé agreements , CFSP , external policies and far too often one part is not necessarily consistent with another .
Consistency must be our primary objective .
Secondly , conflict prevention must be a priority of the European Union .
We are now getting the measures in place .
We have the High Representative , we have the planning and early warning unit in the Council .
They must now emphasise that it is conflict prevention we need to focus on rather than intervening militarily after a conflict has got out of control .
In particular , we must give due emphasis to things such as scarcity of water resources as a cause of conflict .
Commission policy should be aimed at ensuring that we enhance water supplies , not diminish them as has sometimes been the case .
As has been mentioned before , we need to stress the importance of good governance and democracy .
That should be a part of conditionality and we should demand of Member States that they do not support politicians for short-term requirements if they do not meet the essential requirements of