Also in this regard , I wish to highlight the positions expressed on such matters in recent European Councils .     .
This approach to trans-European energy networks mirrors the approach followed for trans-European land transport networks .
We therefore abstained from the vote on the report , and voted against the legislative resolution on the employment guidelines , which appear to pave the way for openly liberal economic guidelines .     .
The primacy of competition is one of the pillars of the internal market and has underpinned the process of liberalisation and privatisation in key sectors such as energy , transport and communications .
This will make it even easier to relocate production or links in the production chain .
With this resolution , the majority in Parliament has sought to pave the way for the liberalisation of international trade – in the agriculture sector , non-agricultural products and services – in the current round of WTO negotiations , which it is hoped will be concluded by the end of 2006 .
This will delight the large economic and financial groups in the EU and the USA , in their exploitative , inhuman greed .     .
As 2006 goes on , we are further and further away from the objective of successfully finishing the round , begun in 2001 , by the end of this year .
What has happened in the name of globalisation ?
At this time , the debate should focus on workable decisions aimed at making the economic environment more conducive to growth , jobs , competition , innovation and wealth creation .
The future is not necessarily anything to fear .
The programme paves the way for a political model for cooperation between the general public and the EU institutions .
The issue of European citizenship very much revolves around the way in which the institutions promote people’s interest in European policy .
The difference is not the result of an oversight by the Commission .
I should therefore like to highlight three aspects : Given the scarcity of resources there are two options open .
Any deviation from this option would distort the very idea of citizenship .
The exact opposite would be a lesson in Europe citizenship , whereby contests are run and , hopefully , the contestants are rewarded impartially on their merits .
There cannot be any other criteria .
The 1.05 % of GNI proposed for commitment appropriations falls well short of the 1.21 % proposed by the Commission and the 1.18 % proposed by Parliament .
Where are the responses to unemployment , which has reached 18.5 % of young people of working age under 25 and around 10 % of women of working age ?
What is needed is a change of direction , whereby the accent is placed on economic and social cohesion policies .     – From my point of view , the challenges that Europe faces today were correctly identified by the European Council : globalisation , the demography question , key sectors of the European economy such as energy and services , research and development , innovation , education , jobs and growth .
Much more must be done , however .
An honest assessment would certainly reveal that these results have overall been welcomed .
As regards SMEs , a particularly important step was the encouragement by the Austrian Presidency and the Commission to reduce the red tape that hampers so many potentially job-creating initiatives by companies .
Chancellor Schüssel , as President-in-Office of the Council , has taken every opportunity to introduce the debate to the Commission , and to the forthcoming Finnish , German , Portuguese and Slovene Presidencies .
I am totally convinced that if we achieve practical results , if we manage to resolve problems on a regular basis , we can take this Europe of projects forward , regain the confidence of our citizens and find a better environment for resolving some of the institutional issues that need to be resolved .
In this way , liaison officers from the Member States should establish and maintain direct contacts with the local authorities in the host State or the international organisation , with a view to facilitating and expediting the collection and exchange of information , which should in turn be passed on to Europol .
The victims of fascism and other dictatorial regimes that have been in power in Europe in the recent past must not be forgotten .
This is , in fact , a list of the economic , social and cultural freedoms , guarantees and rights enshrined in the Constitution of the Portuguese Republic .
In this context , the Commission has put forward its ‘Citizens for Europe ’ programme aimed at promoting European values and active European citizenship .
The biggest challenge we now face , however , is that of the citizens ’ opinion of the European project .
This is achieved by means of measures that deepen the cohesion between Europeans that is vital if we are to complete the internal market and achieve the sustainable growth and development of our societies .
Accordingly , diversity and the particular characteristics of the cultural heritage of each EU Member State will , in our view , be brought to the fore and dialogue between the various cultures will be facilitated .     .
I therefore voted in favour of this report .     .
The report on the transitional arrangements restricting the free movement of workers on EU labour markets is a timely one , as it coincides with the publication of the Portuguese , Spanish and Finnish decision to scrap the barriers that have been in place since 1 May 2004 .
From the outset , Portuguese workers saw their freedom of movement restricted by barriers put up by Member States fearing disruption to their labour markets .
The EU must not respond to the challenges