The Council should therefore ensure that : funding for the programme is substantially increased , a chart of specific targets is incorporated into national programmes , all related policies are adjusted in a bid to integrate social groups with special needs , new forms of exclusion are included , such as exclusion from the information society , social agencies , especially representatives of the vulnerable groups targeted by the programme , are involved in the procedures , the programme is spearheaded by measures to help child poverty , women and the elderly , a network is established at European level to record , develop , promote and adjust the programme to combat social exclusion .
In its drive towards further liberalisation , the Commission is endeavouring to pave the way for new arrangements in the health and medical care sector which broaden the scope of activity of insurance companies and remove any obstacles to the business of private insurance companies at national and Community level .
Differences between insurance systems in individual Member States and obstacles to the free movement of people and freedom of residence in another Member State cannot be used as a pretext for privatising a large part - and later all - of the health care system .
The real aim of these proposals is to extend liberalisation to sectors which are of crucial importance to companies in monopoly positions , ensuring that insurance business and financial business in general are highly concentrated and meshed so that they can increase their holdings in portfolio companies .
Mr President , I too should like to congratulate both the rapporteur and the draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on Legal Affairs .
This is the only way to limit arbitrariness and the resultant complaints - well-founded or not , that we do not know - about competitions with pre-determined results .
I do not believe , when he said this , that he was unaware of the difficulties in achieving this objective .
Unlike the Member States , with their long history , the European Union has only a short past , which is why it must create the expectation of something new .
Mr President , I would like to thank Commissioner Vitorino for being present here today for the debate on two , in my view , important reports from the Committee on Citizens ' Freedoms and Rights , Justice and Home Affairs .
For example , we believe that police training should not be confined to cross-border police cooperation and to combating crime , but should cover other areas of policy , such as human rights , the provision of services to citizens , the use of new technologies , non-repressive law enforcement , crime prevention methods , respect for the rule of law , and knowledge of the political and socio-economic developments in the European Union .
The candidate countries must not delay their full integration in the third pillar of justice and home affairs .
That is why I would like to call on the Council , which I believe is absent today , to carefully study the amendments we have tabled and to pay serious attention to the opinion of the European Parliament .
The establishment of the European Police College is in keeping with the decision taken by the Feira Council to create a mobile 'expeditionary ' force of repression with police , judicial and correctional powers , which the European Union will use for 'non-military crisis management ' anywhere on the planet .
And , as previous speakers have already pointed out , there has also been an increase in the number of cases of abduction with the child not being returned by one of the parents .
I believe that there is a need for an immediate review of all regulations based on standards which have been overtaken by life and by contemporary reality .
The stated aim of this review is to design more efficient institutions which will be able to cope with an enlarged Europe and , at the same time , to reduce the democratic deficit which certainly exists .
Unfortunately , the text of the Treaty , as formulated to date by the Intergovernmental Conference , does not satisfy either of the objectives of the review and , consequently , does not satisfy either of the two evaluation criteria set by the European Parliament .
However , the European Parliament is especially disappointed as regards the major issue of the democratisation of the European Union .
Finally , not only has the Charter of Fundamental Rights not yet been incorporated into the text of the Treaty ; it has barely even been agreed to mention it in Article 6 .
However , I fear that the crisis will be worse if the European Parliament caves in and accepts as adequate what is clearly an inadequate Treaty .
Nice , if it is unsuccessful , can make amends , but if Parliament proves to be unreliable , it will take years to wipe the slate clean .
My dear friend Elmar Brok referred in the House just now to examinations and what students do in order to pass them .
Secondly , as far as the matter of the Commission is concerned , you know full well - we all know full well - that the problem with the Commission is not one of numbers .
As far as extending qualified majority voting is concerned , we are agreed that , unless we make some sort of move in this direction , we shall encounter a great many problems .
Finally , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , I must , of course , mention the Charter , which affects millions of European citizens .
Andreas Christou , I may add , is the