parliamentary immunity that it is impossible for the Council to accept .
In the First World War that became the deciding factor in preventing the expansion of imperial Germany .
When we say today that relations between the United States and Europe have reached a crisis it is more about a crisis in Europe 's internal relations and a crisis in relations between certain individual countries and the United States .
Most do not accept America 's insistence on being able to take up a position outside the international organisation in matters of war crimes .
We disagree over the importance of the Kyoto Agreement and each day there are talks to resolve differences of opinion on economic matters .
We in Europe can no longer catch up with the United States in the area of defence technology ; and perhaps we do not need to .
That shows that for the United States the positive development of our relationship is important , but for us it is vital .
Madam President , Commissioner , an ambitious objective was set in Lisbon in spring 2000 that Europe should develop into the world 's most competitive knowledge-based economy in 10 years ' time .
We on the European Parliament 's Committee on Culture , Youth , Education , the Media and Sport are pleased that education is now higher up on the Union agenda .
We need jointly set objectives and indicators and joint action .
Mastery of IT is nowadays required in most professions .
It is good that the EU Education Ministers have been able to agree together on concrete aims for education and training and that the Bologna and Bruges processes , aimed at the recognition of qualifications , are under way .
That way we will create the right conditions for social unity , steady development and belief in the future .
This cannot continue .
In the resolution it is drafting , the Committee on Culture , Youth , Education , the Media and Sport is calling for a clearer and greater role for the European Parliament .
The committee is also stressing that the open coordination method must not be allowed to become like other legislative procedures but at the same time a closed procedure which will undermine the legislative aims laid down in the Treaty establishing the European Community .
The European Parliament must be able to participate in decision-making fully and on equal terms .
What is most important , however , is that open coordination should become a Community process .
It is good that two of Parliament 's committees are playing an active role in the creation of a parliamentary dimension for open coordination , something we obviously need in Europe .
As I did not start working in Parliament until April , the same time as the observer Members , I would like to mention them .
Perhaps that is the reason why we are still all in good shape here .
Women 's sport is associated with a problem that is also familiar in the political and economic sphere : participation in decision-making .
Sport and exercise for most people are ways of achieving a healthy , balanced life in a society that is ever more demanding and hectic .
This is an aspect that we wish to highlight more emphatically in the report .
There are also a number of other matters whose importance I now wish to stress , having been given the floor .
Those who cannot walk using their own legs can ride , borrowing the legs of the horse , as it were .
Similarly , the beneficial effect of sport and its ability to rehabilitate cannot be stressed too much at this point .
Despite everything , we are very pleased with the report and we are only asking for a few separate votes on some points .
I hope special attention will be given to the fact that sport as a subject for study in school should not be judged using the same indicators as for intellectual disciplines such as foreign languages and mathematics .
I am of the opinion that sport is the right of all people , but I believe the concept 'fundamental right ' would suffer inflation in this context .
For that reason it would also be very important if we could have a follow-up to the report , and I now appeal to the Commissioner responsible and ask if we could have a follow-up report on the recommendations contained in this report before the current parliamentary terms ends in 2004 .
Mr President , Commissioner , the own-initiative report on breast cancer by the Committee on Women 's Rights and Equal Opportunities is a balanced , well-considered one .
At present there are enormous disparities in the quality of treatment for breast cancer patients between Member States and regions .
Regrettably , this is directly reflected in the chances of survival of women with breast cancer , which is directly affected by the disparity in access to screening , diagnosis and treatment .
It is the most frequent cancer in women and the most frequent cause of death in middle-aged women in the EU.
At present such a register only exists in seven Member States of the Union , in addition to my own country , and so not even half the citizens of the Union are covered .
To date , two defective genes have been identified as causing breast cancer .
The decision by the European Patent Office will be tremendously important .
It is in the interests of all the European actors , and their duty too , to ensure that the human genetic code is not patented but is freely available for research and the development of medical treatments .
Your friendly and very warm attitude overwhelmed us all and gave these young people the inspiration and encouragement to face their problems