specific and very significant example is the recording industry , which is facing a very dramatic situation in Europe .
In summary , Mr President , we have reached the final phase of the Doha negotiations , which must be concluded in Chinese territory , in fact , with such decisive issues as the openness of its economy , the exchange rates of its currency and stability in a part of the world in which a very alarming arms race is taking place .
The second is that we all have to play according to the same rules and that conditions must be reciprocal .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the report we are going to vote on in a few minutes time covers , or attempts to cover , two fundamental objectives : firstly , to evaluate the application of the European institutions ’ information and communications strategy , in other words , to look back and see what we have not done properly ; and secondly , to propose certain effective ideas that contribute to making the information and communication policy better , in other words , to look ahead and see how we can improve that policy .
And to that end , information must be decentralised , it must be channelled by means of local and regional media , with the help of good professionals , genuine professionals who are able to give the media the kind of assistance they really need .
This final point , that of cooperation amongst the different European institutions , has so far led to a very fluid dialogue during the production of this report , an unusually fluid dialogue , I would say , with the European Commission , and we all want this to continue .
Amen .     .
The Union’s communication strategy has shown itself to be insufficient and defective so far , and it is therefore essential that the Commission take account of the recommendations in this report by Parliament in the communication that it is announcing for this very month , in order to bring the European Union closer to the citizens .     Mr President , the fact is that it is not only ordinary people , but also politicians in the Member States , opinion formers and Members of Parliament who know very little about what the European Union is , what it does , what it is for and what decisions are taken here .
I hope that this resolution and other measures that we are adopting as a matter of urgency in this Parliament will also be a wake-up call to our government .
The Spanish regions most affected by this frost and drought are as follows : Valencia , Murcia and Andalusia , where 50 000 hectares of olives may disappear , with a major environmental disaster somewhere along the line and , shortly afterwards , a possible process of desertification ; Aragon , Castille-La Mancha , Catalonia , Estremadura and , as I said , the Balearics ; and La Rioja , with its vineyards , and Galicia .
As your draft resolution points out , the frost and drought are causing damage to the economies and living conditions of many areas this year .
We must , however , focus in any case on current measures with a view to the future , and it must also be said that the government has now already made contact with the services of the Commission , even if it has not yet got the assessment under way in practical terms .
It is a European problem , the tackling of which has , for many years , been postponed when dealing with overall policy .
Nor must we forget that livestock are dying of thirst .
Even if householders put water out for them to drink , that is not enough because they lack not only drink but also food .
Why ?
I feel duty bound to completely and roundly condemn this attack on my own behalf and on behalf , I believe , of everybody here .     .
I am therefore sure that this Framework Agreement is in line with the new European Constitution , which will provide more democracy , more efficiency and more transparency , and that it will achieve those objectives in that same way .
We therefore support the decision that this initiative should be treated as a legislative initiative by the European Parliament .
We in the PPE-DE , therefore , cannot agree with the inclusion of provisions allowing for the existence of stricter rules in the States , unless they can be justified on the grounds of a proven risk to public health .
Finally , I believe that manufacturers , particularly small and mediumsized businesses , must be given sufficient time to adapt to the new provisions laid down in the Regulation .     .
I would like in particular to thank the Committee on Women’s Rights and Gender Equality , which presented a perfect text from a gender perspective that has been taken up , practically in its entirety , in the compromises and guidelines introduced as amendments .
Fourthly , training and education : improving all types of education and supporting professional training , which must cease to be the poor relation of university education , lifelong learning , new technologies and the promotion of entrepreneurial spirit , languages and exchange programmes between teachers and students .
I would therefore like once again to thank very warmly all the Members who have presented amendments , not just for their interest , but also for their willingness to reach agreement , since , thanks to their work , the guidelines that we will at last approve today will allow the European Employment Strategy to contribute more effectively to achieving the objectives set at Lisbon , which , in the field of employment , are quite simply to achieve full and better-quality employment by 2010 .    