wanting quantified objectives , training and participation .
This requires a particular commitment on the part of Member States for all the guidelines , and it also represents a commitment to positive action .
It also presupposes that Member States will not remain obsessed with part-time work , but will talk about more family-friendly forms of work sharing and shorter working hours such as a four-day week , for example .
We were of course not happy with some parts of the report .
I should say really that this strategy has been far more successful than anyone could have expected beforehand .
The second point I wanted to raise is the question of taxes .
It is our expectation that the guidelines will be adjusted and tightened in Vienna so that the Member States have to give more specific commitments with quantified sums of expenditure .
To start with , Commissioner , what a lucky fellow I am that everything I propose is already being planned by the Commission .
Cooperation between the Member States is altogether essential here .
The industry is familiar with them .
And I do not think there are too many problems .
What makes no sense , and what I want to ask the Commissioner , is this : how can it be that the Commission has very far-reaching plans with regard to Agenda 2000 , so far-reaching that it is virtually impossible for the Council to agree them , but that in this relatively simple , straightforward area it refuses to go beyond its own mandate ?
UNICE acknowledges meanwhile that UEAPME is the body most representative of the specific interests of SMEs in Europe , and is thus giving it a place at the negotiating table .
SMEs are important creators of jobs .
Apart from long-standing issues which are obviously harder to resolve , there are two newer issues causing me some concern in the current trade relations between the EU and USA .
Firstly there is the metric-only directive .
I hope that Mr Bangemann gets the message .
In an increasingly global world economy , however , there is more to it than trade relations alone .
Lastly , Mr President , agriculture is a not insignificant obstacle in transatlantic negotiations .
The agreement may serve as an example to the rest of the world .
I would thus urge the Commission and the Council once again to stop talking to the Americans on their own and to involve Parliament to a far greater extent ; they must not keep adopting plans without first waiting to hear what Parliament thinks .
The USA does well out of the European market in this respect , but makes no concessions at all itself .
I hope , though , that this initiative will stimulate not just commerce pure and simple , but above all the values and cultures which exist in the relationship between the USA and Europe .
The Commission 's communication does not take sufficient account of them .
There are important differences in approach here between the European Union and the USA .
And in my view not out of the operating budget , Madam President - I grant the Commissioner that we may not manage to find the right answer here in the short term .
I think the situation there is still rather too unstable to allow larger-scale projects to be implemented .
But again , Madam President , the only solution is a long-term solution , and I look to the Commission for a proposal on that in the very near future .
I do not think the Commission has any right at all to gamble with their fate .
Madam President , Mrs van Bladel cannot be here because of a meeting on human rights , and she has asked me at all events to be here before the actual reports on legal matters come up for discussion .
So I hope that the small project , which is far more important than large projects for strengthening the competitiveness of Europe 's small businesses , will come into effect and be implemented quickly , and once again my warmest thanks to both gentlemen for their contribution here .
The Committee on Employment and Social Affairs also thinks it important that pension systems should be gender-neutral , and that the investment returns on pension funds should be improved .
At present fewer than two per cent of all workers in Europe are employed in another Member State .
Firstly basic schemes , government ones - in our country the AOW or Working Incapacity Act , then supplementary pension schemes , social partners with full worker codetermination , and the third pillar , voluntary supplementary pension schemes .
A majority of the House , and the rapporteur has already stressed the point , thus failed to see why it should in fact be necessary to bring eight different coins into circulation , especially since electronic cash will shortly be replacing coins .
It does , admittedly , make sense that the Commission should take account of the views of the European association for the blind and the vending machine manufacturers .
We are perfectly well aware that we are dealing with an unprecedented enlargement operation here that places extremely heavy demands on all countries , both our own and the applicant countries .
In fact , all the indications are that we are going to continue with the old system of producer price reductions and exporting structural surpluses , rather than moving over to integrated rural development .
On finance , we are still calling for an open approach that would allow us to adjust the volume of funding if necessary .
Everyone knows that the resolution of the political problem in Cyprus is an absolute prerequisite and that without it , Turkey 's accession is going to run into severe problems .
