There was nothing but words and not a hint of concrete measures .
Neither the President-in-Office of the Council nor the Commissioner has mentioned profiteering .
Furthermore , ladies and gentlemen of the Commission and the Council , the rise in oil prices benefits state funds because the taxes collected by the Member States rise correspondingly .
We must take action , not merely indulge in rhetoric .
We are waiting for you to grasp this too .
Madam President , Euro-Atlantic economic relations are exceptionally important to both sides .
The unilateral withdrawal of the United States from the bilateral agreement of 1992 is cause for concern , since European state aid is fully in accordance with the letter and spirit of that agreement .
The European Commission is therefore called upon to maintain a robust negotiating stance for a long-term settlement of the matter , under terms of legitimate , balanced competition .
I have also referred to Decision No 1364/2006 of the European Parliament and of the Council , pursuant to which the guidelines specified certain priority projects as projects of a European interest , including this project .
Other than that , the emphasis in my speech was placed on environmental matters .
They imply that the general public is becoming increasingly involved in debates on sustainable development and on environmental protection in relation to large infrastructure projects .
The findings of the environmental impact procedures must be carefully evaluated by the authorities with the power to issue an implementation permit or construction permits for any kind of infrastructure project .
This does not mean that the problem will not be there .
Interestingly , various sides have today voiced the view that the Commission must have great jurisdiction , either in order to carry out environmental impact studies or in order to impose various policies .
The Commission 's jurisdiction is specific ; with regard to studies and environmental assessment studies , it has neither the means nor the jurisdiction , with the latter held by the Member States .
There have been no such indications so far , as the environmental impact study procedure is still in progress .
I wish to thank you once again and to thank Mr Libicki for his report and for the opportunity he gave us to discuss this crucial issue of the pipeline and of its potential environmental impact .
It stresses that the EU 'should use the experience and expertise of its missions and of those Member States that already have a military or civilian presence on Afghanistan territory . '
The popular struggle must be united against the imperialist system as a whole .
Continuing with and reinforcing the European military presence is one of the main reasons for the instability and insecurity in the region .
With more specific reference to consumers , our committee focused on matters relating to consumer protection and on proposals promoting and safeguarding a true European internal market in natural gas .
The transport network can easily become effective without any ownership unbundling in all the participating Member States .
These are exceptionally difficult reports containing a great deal of complex technical details , but they are also exceptionally useful for European citizens .
In the midst of this legislative gap , the Commission submits its proposal for a ' Bolkestein directive through the back door ' for health services .
I urge you not to vote in favour of any amendments that weaken the content of the reports by Mrs Lambert and Mrs Bozkurt .
The empowerment of supposedly independent regulatory authorities , aimed at eliminating any ability on the part of the Member States to make national adjustments or state interventions , guarantees total immunity for the business groups that will be preying on the gas sector .
This is a new undemocratic and authoritarian decision that further hinders the establishment of political groups .
The Nea Demokratia and PASOK MEPs and the Synaspismos MEP have voted in favour of this despicable amendment and the decision in its entirety , proving that , on key issues , the forces of the European one-way street are on a common course .
We , the MEPs of the Communist Party of Greece , have voted against the increase in the number to 25 and against the report in its entirety , thus denouncing undemocratic machinations and political games .
The European Central Bank , as a pure instrument of European capital , is required to play a more active and effective role in that direction through anti-popular measures , such as interest rate increases and so on .
European satellite navigation programmes ( EGNOS and Galileo ) ( signature ) Mr President , Mr Brok 's endeavours are indeed commendable , and I wish to thank him for his speech , in which he provided some very useful explanations .
What is it that we wish to create ?
We must bear in mind the outcome of the Irish referendum , which possibly would not allow such simplistic enlargements as the ones we have chosen .
Today , we , the Members of the European Parliament , demand that the Council and the Commission provide an explanation for the fact that on 16 June they upgraded relations between the European Union and Israel , at a time when 11 000 detainees , including 376 children , 118 women and 44 members of the Palestinian Legislative Council , as well as 800 administrative detainees , are being held in Israeli prisons , in breach of international law .
The answer is 'no' , and this is why we have proposed the mandatory reduction by 2012 .
We have proposed the mandatory limit on carbon dioxide emissions of 120 g by 2012 , as provided in the strategy for carbon dioxide and cars .
The improvement by one gram is , of course , far from satisfactory .
I must mention that the European Parliament has adopted a resolution on this issue