I reject that .
We have had in East Germany the assassination of a Mozambique man , attacks on migrant workers in Spain , an attack on a Jewish professor in Italy , and the continued rise of racism within football that was presented to us yesterday by those people who are campaigning around the " Show racism the red card " slogan .
We have had the recent condemnation of a terrorist bomber in the United Kingdom , David Copeland , who killed gay people and non-gay people in a gay bar and , of course , we have had the effective sacking of Professor Pelinka from the Observatory by the Austrian Government .
If Europe wishes to play a central role in the World Conference Against Racism it has to start seeing itself as others see it rather than as we would like to be .
Mr President , on a point of order .
During the debate late last night there were at least ten speakers who all raised points very critical of the Commission .
I felt very sorry for Commissioner Nielson who had to respond as duty Commissioner and who read out about half a page prepared by Commissioner Liikanen .
Clearly this is very complex subject and Mr Nielson did not appear to really know what the Commission position was .
That is why we are now in this situation of sending this back to committee .
This a very unsatisfactory way of doing business .
It was like a dialogue of the deaf last night .
It is not a satisfactory way of proceeding for Members to be here late at night , making very critical points and receiving a non-response of this nature .
( Parliament approved the request ) Report ( A5-0253/2000 ) by Mrs Wallis on behalf of the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market on a proposal for a Council regulation (EC ) on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters ( COM(1999 ) 348 - C5-0169/1999 - 1999/0154(CNS) ) ( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution ) Report ( A5-0220/2000 ) by Mr Glase on behalf of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs on the Commission Communication on undeclared work ( COM(1998 ) 219 - C4-0566/1998 - 1998/2082(COS) ) ( Parliament adopted the resolution ) Report ( A5-0217/2000 ) by Mr J. Evans on behalf of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs on the competition rules relating to horizontal cooperation agreements ( C5-0304/2000 - 2000/2154(COS) ) ( Parliament adopted the resolution ) Report ( A5-0227/2000 ) by Mrs Ferrer on behalf of the Committee on Development and Cooperation on communication from the Commission to the Council and the European Parliament on complementarity between Community and Member State policies on development cooperation ( COM(1999 ) 218 - C5-0179/1999 - 1999/2156(COS) ) ( Parliament adopted the resolution ) Motion for a resolution ( B5-0766/2000 ) by Baroness Ludford on behalf of the Committee on Citizens ' Freedoms and Rights , Justice and Home Affairs on the European Union ' s position at the 2001 World Conference Against Racism On Amendment No 12
You are right to call these political games .
If the people objecting now really cared about racism , they would have come to the committee meetings and put down amendments .
On Amendment No 16
UK Conservatives voted today against the Skinner Report , for the reasons given in my speech to the House the day before .
However , despite what I said in that speech , my comments were deliberately misrepresented by subsequent speakers from the UK Labour party , presumably for the same domestic party political reasons which dictate so much of their comments to the House .
Stephen Hughes accused me of regarding Safety issues as a trivial matter : I have never said this nor thought this .
Peter Skinner said that I had apparently complained to the British press that people were being told they needed to be trained to go up ladders , but the only reference to training was alleged to be an amendment from me .
This was also untrue .
My amendment followed on from existing wording about training , and merely added that workers should be made aware of their own responsibilities for safety together with those of their fellow workers .
The Socialists asked for a split vote , which retained the training reference but removed my helpful amendment .
It is important that untruths are rapidly rebutted .
This explanation of vote is necessary in order to correct the record .
.
This proposal typifies the belief of this assembly that , for every ill in society , the solution is a new law and - when that fails - to create another .
The success or otherwise of a law depends on the nature of its enforcement , and the skill/experience of enforcement officers , which cannot be addressed by this directive .
This was recognised in 1972 , when the Robens Committee Inquiry on health and safety in the UK, addressing the dynamic of excessive resort to law-making and its effect on enforcement , observed : " .
. . the sheer mass of this law , far from advancing the cause of safety and health , may well have reached the point where it becomes counter-productive . "
The response by the government of the day was the Health & Safety at Work Act 1974 , a highly effective legislative model reducing the law to a few simple principles and duties , spearheaded by a new enforcement agency .
Although these developments were hailed as a major contribution to health and safety at work , the Commission has consistently undermined this Act .
Ever since it began legislating in this area , it has confused the issue , making enforcement progressively more difficult