I believe that is what we must …     Mr President , the assassination of Rafiq  Hariri in Lebanon has reawakened the argument surrounding the EU-Syria association agreement and the implementation of UN Security Council Resolution 1559 , just when the Bush and Chirac governments are making peace with each other around the idea of a free and sovereign Lebanon .
Mr Hariri’s death has both everything and nothing to do with the answer .
The present circumstances are favourable but very fragile .
Apprenticeship in parliamentary government , in parliamentary democracy , takes place first of all in this context of exchange .
I would also like to say a word about Hezbollah .
They are also , however , the victims of traffickers , of criminal gangs who financially exploit their despair .
Joint positions on human rights , cooperation with other organisations , such as the Council of Europe or the Organisation for Security and Cooperation in Europe , and the human rights dialogues with China and Iran are also ways of promoting human rights .
However , as I said earlier , we have other tools besides action in the Commission on Human Rights alone and we try to find the most appropriate and most effective tool for each situation .     . – Mr President , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , Commissioner , you rightly referred to the many initiatives taken by the European Union at the sixtieth session of the United Nations Commission on Human Rights .
We are talking about a dramatic situation that everyone finds moving .
Although it sounds rather dry , this proposal is to be warmly welcomed as it underpins the policy of lifelong learning as a basic component of the European employment strategy ( as acknowledged by the Lisbon European Council in 2000 ) .
We could even ask ourselves whether we need a European directive in this field at all .
Brussels loves agencies .
Nevertheless , it has to be said that in the final analysis it is the only multilateral forum where human rights can be discussed on a truly worldwide scale , even if difficulties sometimes arise .
China was also mentioned .
The question remains of whether , where human rights are concerned , we should isolate a country or seek to keep a minimum of dialogue open , especially in order to help those who are the first victims of restrictions on freedoms and human rights .
I am also delighted to hear that a delegation of MEPs will be going to Geneva for the meeting of the UN Commission on Human Rights next month , with the aim of facilitating various contacts .
However , we must ensure that any UN reform process promotes respect for human rights , the promotion of humanitarian law , the rule of law and democracy , all of which are at the core of our peace-building response of the United Nations .
We clearly reaffirmed that democratic practices must be respected and that the elections must be free and fair .
Mrs Ferrero-Waldner has spoken about the European neighbourhood policy .
At its meeting in June 2004 , the European Council confirmed that the European Union would intensify its efforts with a view to meeting the commitments made at Monterrey , in particular by seeking the innovative sources of finance which I have already mentioned .
At the rate things are going , the Millennium Development Goals will not be reached in 2015 .
I must say that the European Union has nothing to be ashamed of in this respect either .
I therefore believe that we need to adopt a global approach ; we now have to set up a monitoring system and we must not be afraid of saying , if need be , that the efforts made have not been adequate .
In its conclusions of 25 and 26 November 2004 , the Council stated that it supported the Commission 's strategy for the textiles and clothing sector , which focuses on competitiveness linked to research and innovation , training and better skills , protection of intellectual property rights , access to third country markets and encouraging the development of strategies for the textiles industry in the Euro-Mediterranean zone .
The High Level Group also requested more detailed information in this regard from the Commission .
We need to focus on higher value-added products , for one thing , and on industrial cooperation with complementary partners in developing countries , for another .
Before it is too late , and regardless of the opinion of Guillaume Sarkozy , President of the French textile industry union and a fierce advocate for the delocalisation of businesses , we must not wait to see our internal market flooded before we demand a return to customs barriers and safeguard clauses .
For many years now , the SMEs in this sector have been closing down one after another .
It requested the Council to agree on that framework with a view to opening the accession negotiations on 17 March 2005 , provided that Croatia cooperates fully with ICTY .
Mordechai Vanunu was conditionally released in April last year .
With the greatest of respect for Greece , no , there is no question of deferring this instrument to the Greek calends .
It is therefore up to the European Council , on the basis of what the Commission has presented to us and in the spirit of the three Lisbon pillars – economic growth and competitiveness , adherence to the social model , and sustainable development and environmental protection – to propose a more effectively structured and clearly discernible strategy , integrating the various processes that are already being pursued .
Through this reform , the Community wishes to send an important signal to the WTO and particularly to the developing countries .     I do not have the requested figures to hand , but I am sure that the Commission can help us by providing them .
It is