how such campaigns are to be paid for ( Amendment 33 ) .
To judge from the report , all political issues come within the responsibility of the EU institutions .
Building contractors are bribing politicians and not bothering about either legislation or democracy , and my colleagues believe that attention must be drawn to the problem outside the country if there is to be any reaction from the establishment .
In states governed by the rule of law , suspicion constitutes grounds for restricting freedom .
Legislate honestly .
Do not pretend that what we are concerned with is terrorism if it is really a question of file sharing , national registration , taxes , trade and refugees .
The measure proposed would not prevent terrorism .
It is necessary to establish freedoms and rights in the EU’s founding Treaty before matters go too far .
Do not make large holes in our provisions for protecting data .
We have protected personal privacy and human rights .
We must also monitor what everyone in this Chamber is concerned about , and we must do it together .     Madam President , the EU’s foreign policy is based on the defence of peace , democracy , human rights and the state governed by law , and that is why we attach such importance to the political dimension of the Copenhagen criteria when we negotiate with the new Member States .
We have clauses but , as you know , Parliament has recommended that they be compulsory and be activated .
Nor is such dialogue making any progress in Russia .
We know , of course , that the EU , as a soft power , is fantastically powerful .
As democrats , we have a responsibility for making sure we combat lack of freedom and spread democracy and human rights as far afield as the villages of Colombia , Zimbabwe and North Korea .
It is therefore good that this compromise first of all takes account of different geographical situations , secondly makes it possible to fix the price of infrastructure in ways that accurately reflect the cost to national economies and , thirdly , makes it possible to have different tolls for different euroclasses .
This should have happened earlier .
We are critical of the EU’s export subsidies to domestic sugar producers and take a positive view of the fact that it will be possible for the sugar trade to take place under fairer conditions in the future .
I am also looking for clearer strategies and priorities governing those things for which the financial resources are specifically to be used .
I would thank Mr Barroso and Mr Alexander for their positive comments in this Chamber today , and I should like to convey my thanks both to Commissioner Michel and to Secretary of State Hilary Benn for what I consider to be their very constructive cooperation .
This means high transaction costs , duplication of effort and major difficulties for many of the countries with which we cooperate .
Regarding the issues of substance , the fight against poverty continues to be given high priority .
According to the spin doctors , this directive should give us freedom from murder , terrorism and organised crime but , in reality , it frees us from the democratic ideal more than from anything else .
That is why the big media companies are now rejoicing at this new directive .
This is a junk directive that leads to the retention of junk mail , a practice that is scarcely the most effective way of combating organised crime .
It is much simpler and more efficient and only affects those specifically suspected of committing a crime .
Did you sit beside a known criminal ?
Are you aware of the dark sides of those with whom you communicate ?
It is also ineffective .
It will not help combat terrorism , and it has also been driven through with frightening speed and in a way that does not bode well for the future .
We also believe that the proposal goes much too far in view of its expected benefits .
The June List does not wish to help create a society in Europe in which people are under surveillance .
This is a difficult issue on which to adopt a position .
That does not , however , mean that we should give the green light to extensive data retention .
In the vote , this proposal was , however , rejected in favour of proposals that are too far-reaching .
I am very critical of the way in which the process relating to the proposal for a decision on the retention of electronic communication services data has been handled .
It is undoubtedly the case that information about telephone conversations can be of value in various criminal investigations .
Moreover , telecommunications operators will in all likelihood have to be compensated for their additional costs .
I should have liked to have seen a decision involving shorter retention periods .
Everyone in Romania and Bulgaria knows that we are concerned about the remaining areas in which improvements are required .
Obviously , we are sending extremely clear signals about the negative things – problems , difficulties and requirements – but less clear signals of encouragement and appreciation and , above all , of the sincerity with which we shall welcome them .
What I mean is that it is good that we should carefully monitor the reforms that are implemented and the ways in which both Romania and Bulgaria fulfil the requirements for membership .
It is not the Europe I fight and work for and defend .
I am also convinced that this is not possible without our help and support and without a positive perspective .     Which social model is chosen has an incredible effect on equality .
