That is why I support strengthening the agreement on which our priorities and criteria for action are based .
EU Operational Headquarters ' .
Saying this does not in any way correspond to an idea of security or a concern for defence conceived as an alternative to our alliances , not least our alliance with the United States .
Europeans cannot demand more security without paying for it .
Here is a report and resolution in step with the imperialist ambitions of the EU 's major powers .
We are therefore seeking to play an active part in this strategic redefinition , as full partners in the Atlantic Alliance .
Euro-Mediterranean free trade area ' and not a ' Euro-Mediterranean partnership ... based on equality of treatment , solidarity , dialogue and respect for the specific asymmetries and characteristics of each country ' , as we proposed in an amendment that we tabled .
The constant under-budgeting and under-implementation of the Structural and Cohesion Funds , which are two years ' late in their implementation , require the adoption of a series of measures to ensure that these funds are implemented , particularly when the European Union and its neoliberal policies are one of the root causes of the current economic crisis .
In 2008 , as already highlighted by the rapporteur , the number of refugees grew to over 12 million .
I am pleased that Commissioner Barrot has underlined the need to ensure coherence with other policies impacting on international protection , and I hope that this same coherent approach will be extended to other common areas .
We cannot , however , continue to adopt separate new initiatives without a comprehensive master plan for the EU 's border strategy .
Finally , in the name of both solidarity and equitable justice , it must be stressed that there is a need for consideration to be given to the burden that managing external borders represents to the Member States in question .
We voted in favour of this report because it underlines the scale and persistence of the inequalities between men and women in the performing arts and their impact on society as a whole .
We also emphasise that discrimination towards women is problematic for the development of the cultural sector because it deprives the sector of talent and ability .
That is why we support some proposed derogations for micro , small and medium-sized enterprises , which should not be subject to the same obligations as large industrial units .
With the creation of this statute , another step is taken towards the lifting of these obstacles , especially in a sector that is fundamental to the European economy .
We urgently need to adopt immediate Community measures which will help to effectively respond to the needs of workers , the productive sector , and micro , small and medium-sized enterprises , by mobilising the necessary financial resources .
Despite its good intentions , the report continues and even extends the policies which are at the root of problems experienced by many small producers , particularly in Portugal .
The application of these standards is destroying the diversity , in terms of production and of culture , of countries like Portugal .
I also welcome the special attention given to designations of origin and the call on the Commission to ensure that this issue is included on the World Trade Organisation 's agenda .
It follows in the footsteps of the notorious Bolkestein Directive , always insisting on the need to comply with the rules of the internal market .
The time has come to reverse this trend and make a commitment to the sectors of the economy in which wealth is truly created , with a policy based on rewarding merit .
This is neoliberalism in its most visible form .
For Parliament , the Erika III package was always a package and never a collection of cobbled together measures .
Thanks to Parliament and its perseverance , to the Slovene and , especially , the French Presidencies - whom I thank - and , finally , to the common will of us all , we can now conclude this third maritime safety package .
Member States have to make sure that ships which fly their flag and have been detained in the context of a port state inspection are brought into conformity with the relevant IMO conventions .
When we vote on this package shortly , we will be paying tribute to the victims of all the past or recent maritime tragedies : from the Prestige to the Erika , and from Bolama to Estonia .
They ensured that disputes between Member States , such as occurred with the wreck of the Prestige , will not happen again and that everyone really recognises their responsibility when the worst happens .
I hope , Mr Vice-President , that the provisions to be adopted tomorrow in this package will be observed so that the citizens ' expectations that have now been created can be transformed into a real strengthening of their safety and their rights .
Nonetheless , it will also not be difficult to recognise that , as Qimonda is considered one of Portugal 's main exporters and as it is also an essential part of the conversion of the economic fabric of the region , we cannot accept that only market forces should decide its future on their own .
The Portuguese Government has been doing everything to find a solution that makes this company viable , but the solution is also dependent on the involvement of the German Federal Government and the state governments of Bavaria and Saxony .
Not only will thousands of workers in Germany and Portugal lose their jobs , but invaluable European intellectual property and a lot of Community funds that were invested in Qimonda will also be lost .
Bankruptcies are still occurring and unemployment is continuing to rise .
In fact , it thrives on the ability