.
An ecological approach deserves sound scientific research , of course , but this does not mean that we as politicians can sit back and await the arrival of these reports .
Both we and the media are here for the real debate .
It knows that its fate will depend on relations between Israel and Palestine .
In the years to come , we will be willing to strengthen our relations with Mediterranean countries in the area of agriculture , but not if our own EU producers will have to cushion our partners against market developments in the fruit , vegetable and flower sectors .
An agreement should not hang on a case of tomatoes .
I regularly come across Moroccan parliamentarians with whom we can talk business .
This is a sign of great willingness .
I hope that we can adhere strictly to the clause .
Attempts have of course been made in the meantime to incorporate these matters into the European agenda .
Anyone who has spent any time in local or regional politics will know that the problems involved are often very specific and require specific solutions .
Just think of the internal market , transport systems and agricultural policy .
This is because the Natura 2000 initiative says that every Member State must leave 20 % of its territory to nature in order to protect biodiversity in Europe .
Mr President , at this part-session , Parliament will be deciding on the mandate for negotiations with the Council covering , in particular , compulsory agricultural expenditure for 1999 as part of what is known as the ad hoc procedure .
In previous years , we have gained a good deal of positive experience of this procedure , particularly last year with the 1998 budget .
It is a temporary solution given Parliament 's express opposition to a genuine straight cut in compulsory expenditure .
Parliament will propose increasing the budget item to combat fraud in the agricultural sector .
The way in which Parliament could exercise its authority in a proper manner must form part of an agreement between the various institutions , a new agreement .
It has taken the Commission some time to understand that over-estimating budgetary expenditure in the field of agriculture is counter-productive .
We have just passed the Herman report which makes it very clear that we can make progress providing the Council is willing to work with us .
It is clear that this is not yet the case in other countries .
Those purchasing goods above the permitted duty-fee sum find that they have not paid VAT after all , as the shopkeeper will have paid it .
We are , of course , also concerned about jobs in duty-free shops , but firstly , consumer purchases will be moved to other shops where jobs will be created and secondly , governments will be able to lower taxes by raising additional , different tax revenues , or increase their expenditure in order to create new jobs .
This enormous percentage of profit on sales in duty-free shops explains the enormous campaigns and gigantic pressure put on us as Members of the European Parliament .
Parliament has not been tempted into the trap of giving its opinion on a problem whose future direction is in the hands of the European Commission .
Mr President , first of all I would like to express my appreciation for the fact that the Garosci report keeps to the subject it deals with : the point-of-sale control systems .
The price level is still considerable , despite the duty-free regime .
Now we are ten years on and - the report is the best proof of this - I must say that the Social Charter of that time is not yet firmly anchored in the EC Treaty .
What I would like is for the European Commission to come forward with an initiative , I am not asking for a directive , a proposal , but rather an initiative for specific research .
The rapporteur will already have realized that yet again I unfortunately find myself forced to exclude the SME partners from the European collective agreements process .
I should also like to underline Mrs Thyssen 's point with regard to the right that small and medium-sized enterprises must also have to participate in this sort of negotiations .
But secondly I wish to thank the rapporteur , Mr Chanterie , who I think has achieved a great piece of work with this report .
We can of course go on and on about how difficult it all is , but if we cannot reach agreement then we do not strengthen our own case very much .
This can have far-reaching consequences for the safety not only of these people themselves but also of other people .
My party thinks fair trade is a good thing .
Around 1 000 people work there together as breadwinners for around 10 000 people .
In our opinion it is sufficient that fair trade producers and organizations who want to receive support from the European Union satisfy a limited number of criteria .
There must be an fair price , a price in line with the market with a fair trade supplement , that we can understand , and the consumer must know exactly what is paid to the producer .
Madam President , there is one amendment to this report and it is a crucial amendment .
But can and should this citizenship of the Union really play a key role in continuing integration ?
A citizen becomes involved through such issues as local decision making , openness , sensible legislation and tangible results .
Furthermore , Mr Gahrton 's report cannot be dealt with on Tuesday , due to his illness .
In my opinion , we should offer the rapporteur the opportunity to consult on any compromises , in view of the importance of the report