Guidelines on Human Rights Defenders .
The public do not want that policy to become the basic law of the Union .
That is why , together with 50 of our fellow Members representing four political groups , we have lodged an amendment asking the Commission to consider putting in place an ethical tax on products proven to have been manufactured in violation of all the rules of human dignity and , above all , involving the exploitation of children .
No one will be able to accept advantages being accorded to Chinese enterprises .
Mr Allister who , I see , is generally well disposed towards this agreement , will appreciate that the management of Chinese trade thus put in place obviates the necessity for the anti-dumping measures that he was recommending .
For example , serious thought is being given to a partnership and social dialogue structure with China where textiles are concerned .
The matter was discussed .
I think that Mr Karim is right : European industry has been urgently awaiting a miracle from the Commission since the beginning of 2005 and the liberalisation of the Chinese textile sector .
Where the Chinese are concerned , there can be no question of imposing quotas lightly .
I just want to point out that it is liberal Europe that has made peace possible and that has led to the wealth that has been created no doubt being better distributed and shared out here in Europe than anywhere else .
These programmes will comprise two sections : one on the specific supply arrangements for agricultural products – agricultural inputs or products designed for transformation – which are essential in terms of human consumption in the outermost region concerned , and another section on support for local production .
The direct payment in favour of the outermost regions will be included within the single framework of the Posei programme which we are debating and , as a consequence , excluded from the single payment arrangements .
I think I am able to state that the Commission has made substantial efforts to ensure that the new support arrangements are favourable to the outermost regions .
This needs to be pointed out .
That is the first thing I wanted to say .
Firstly , what is meant by the need to take a harder line ?
Our conversation basically consisted of our saying : but , President , why do you yourselves , as the African Union , not condemn Mugabe’s conduct ?
I can tell you that I myself am by no means any such thing , and I can say this after having tried on many occasions to get things moving in South Africa .
At the same time , the Commission supports a series of cooperation projects concerning the problems surrounding the trafficking in children in Guatemala and the fight against child pornography , and it does this within the framework of the ‘country ’ strategy for the period 2007 – 2013 , which is in the process of being defined .
Clearly , the messages that the European Union and others have sent , and continue to send , to the authorities have some effect , as shown by the government decision to release approximately 3 800 people arrested without charge following the demonstrations .
Both through the European Union’s election observation mission and through the political dialogue conducted within the country itself by the Commission ’s representative , the Commission is at the forefront of the initiatives and is playing a constructive role appreciated by all the Ethiopian parties .
We shall see what comes of the matter .
That is a consequence of which I would ask all of my fellow Members to assess the significance , and that is why I am raising a formal protest on this subject .     Mr President , Commissioner , Europe under water , Europe under fire , this ought not to be inevitable , yet , unfortunately , it is a recurring theme , and every year we are forced to speak about it .
We are equipped with instruments and a raft of measures .
They deserve better than a minor role between the environment and agriculture .
For all of these reasons , we support the work carried out by our rapporteur and we hope that you will support these amendments .     .
Are sects accepted from now on ?
One hundred years ago !
I believe that , in today’s civil society , it is necessary for governments , both at national and European level , to be in touch with a civil society where faiths , which are undoubtedly different but which respect one other , are expressed .
As guardian of the Treaties , the Commission will strictly monitor whether all the Member States correctly implement existing Community law .
Finally , for my fourth point , Madam President , I would like to stress that moves to strengthen the European aviation safety system must be accompanied by actions relating to third countries and to the ICAO , the International Civil Aviation Organisation .
The most satisfactory solution for the user is to publish one single Community black list , which is updated by the Member States but which concerns the entire airspace of the EU without singling out the Member State behind each measure .
The third : the obligation to provide users with information and transparency .
The Chairman of the Committee on Transport and Tourism , Mr Costa , whom I also thank , has insisted that the Commission be willing to provide an explanation of its overall strategy .
Ladies and gentlemen , that is the plan that we must now carry out promptly , as many people have stressed , because we can no longer show Europeans evidence of a lack of determination in this area , a state of affairs that would be reprehensible .
