And that is exactly what our proposals set out to do .
First , we must not forget that our fleet in Europe is too big and anyone who disputes that is burying their head in the sand .
They have been for the last year .
Some will be raised during the planned mid-term review .
What sort of agreements does the old block exemption regulation allow between dealers and the all-powerful car manufacturers ?
Now to the question of sales structures in the European Union .
You can never quantify it exactly , but I would say that we fully endorse 95 % of the Commission 's proposals .
We believe that this derogation cannot be maintained in the long term .
But , surprise , surprise , the devil is in the detail and needless to say , fault can be found on a few counts .
It affects all our guests and , as far as the industry is concerned , it affects a great many jobs and a great many small and medium-sized businesses , not just in the countries in which the cars are produced , but throughout Europe .
Perhaps we are behaving like a semi-conductor .
Perhaps the Commission could make a contribution here too .
We are of course opposed to the embargo , but we also oppose dictatorship and the violation of human rights .
In real terms , that also means the establishment of a free trade area comprising the EU and the central American and Andean States , which should eventually lead to an association agreement comparable to those with Mexico and Chile .
To the Council , I say that its conduct in this matter will determine the extent to which the great majority in Parliament will cooperate with it .
We , Europe 's Parliament , are utterly excluded from any control or co-decision , and that is why I will say quite clearly , here and now , that it is a continuing scandal that the Member States ' governments refuse to change this .
We need quicker decisions , decisions reached by the Council on a majority basis .
Consumer confidence and the quality of agricultural products are important principles in the agriculture of today .
The production types society desires are , above all , to be achieved more by incentives and not so much by commands and prohibitions .
I think they can .
However , in this case the Council was only willing to agree on a variant in which the decision is left to the Member States .
We have argued a little bit , but in the end we have agreed on the second mandatory stage , so that by 2006 all newly registered motorcycles and scooters will be able to achieve this considerable reduction .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , for several years now there have been clear indications that the Republic of Korea has used subsidies in contravention of WTO rules to distort international competition in the shipbuilding sector to a considerable extent and with lasting effects .
I assume that there will continue to be an overwhelming majority for this in future , but I still wish to ask the Commissioner to give us some information on what measures he proposes , and to explain this to the Council as part of the new discussions now that the study has been transmitted to the Council .
I confess that I am tired , but not too tired to fight for jobs in Europe 's shipbuilding industry .
This Community action needs to go hand in hand with temporary support for Europe 's shipyards .
That is right and proper .
There is a need to catch up here .
Yet the Environment Committee has scored one major success in that the Transport Committee now accepts that the results of the strategic environmental impact assessments should be binding on the actual processes of implementation .
Madam President , I am able to agree with Mr Cocilovo , and also to go some of the way with Mr Sterckx .
The trans-European networks , are , unfortunately , in many cases , still only works on paper , and not even beautiful ones - simply a load of coloured lines on the map of the EU , numbered in sequence , running across Europe in every direction .
The crucial thing is transparency .
We must aim , not to start by getting this money into the European Budget and then return it , but to actually allocate it to the practical policies that we decided on .
Where the mandatory storage of data is concerned , the rights of national legislators are insufficiently restricted and their duties are inadequately defined .
It was for that reason that I collaborated with the rapporteur in several attempts at finding new ways forward and making proposals , some of which were incorporated , in order to meet consumers and above all small and medium-sized enterprises halfway , and to support our smaller and weaker trading partners for the sake of more healthy competition .
It is of course all too easy to point only to South Korea 's policy of giving subsidies .
The following are my requests of you : Firstly , if you have more up-to-date news of the state of play , please present it to us .
For the sake of the rules ' clarity , that now has to be firmly established .
It is at this point that I have to touch on something which , in my view , the rapporteurs and we as plenary have to reconsider .
There were , and are , three points of importance to the Committee on Legal Affairs .
We wish to thank Mr Corbett most warmly for the multitude of ideas he has elaborated here , which will carry us further forward .
It goes without saying that Members of this Parliament