Many of the amendments are designed to improve the scheme .
Mr President , as a member of the Greens who supported the compromise motion today , I merely wanted to express my respect for all the members of NATO currently engaged in the fight for human rights in the states bordering on Kosovo .
That is why we await a more concrete set of proposals from the Commission .
By the same token , I believe there are three demands to be made , and indeed they are made in the report : universality must mean interoperability , redeemability and free use .
We have imposed a ban here , and all the Member States of the Union should enforce it .
That also applies in the context of our work with all the nations of ASEAN.
That is why I voted against it .
It endangers the whole system .
Traffic in women is a 'growth industry ' , not least because of the more open borders with the countries of Central and Eastern Europe , from where most of the victims in our Member States are drawn .
Moreover , interpreting facilities were originally offered for only three target languages , to name only one of many other obstacles .
And then there is the ostracism and victimisation that occur in workplaces .
First and foremost , there is a need to initiate and encourage a new approach to the elderly within society , and I consider it very important that this approach should serve to prevent discrimination against older employees and the elderly in general .
I shall not spend any time enumerating the really good initiatives and options it contains , because we can all read that for ourselves .
In this connection , I should not like to miss the opportunity to point out the urgent need for better information regarding the fact that moderate and regular consumption of wine is the best way of preventing age-related diseases such as Alzheimer 's , for which we now have scientific evidence .
I believe that sums up this issue very neatly .
If there were a system whereby we really voted for candidates in small constituencies rather than parties - and such a system , I regret to say , has even been abandoned in Britain now - young people , and old people too , could assert themselves .
Applause My party and Austria are very progressive .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , first of all I should like to express my sincere thanks to Mr Garot for taking this initiative and enabling us to deal with this resolution here and now .
However , Parliament divided this decision into two procedures .
The comment made by the chairman of the special summit on employment held in Luxembourg in 1997 , Jean-Claude Juncker , also applies to the Cologne summit : it must not be a literary convention .
With this in mind , I ask you to vote in favour of this report .
Establishing a strict deficit ceiling can definitely have an adverse effect , and greater account needs to be taken of individual situations .
In recent weeks and months , we have discussed what economic and financial strategy is right for the euro zone time and again .
I think that Germany , which has a pension system funded by contributions , will actually experience serious difficulties in the long term , and that in one generation it will simply not be possible to build up a fund system to run alongside the contributions system .
But these jobs are nowhere to be seen , declared the President of the Court of Auditors , Mr Friedmann .
Mr President , it will be remembered that one of the touchstones for being able to grant discharge to the Commission for 1996 was the creation of an operationally independent fraud prevention office .
We all know what has happened .
The chairman of the Budgetary Control Committee , Mrs Theato , has already referred today , for example , to the fact that we still have to accept that the cases which were submitted to us of officials being involved in instances of fraud have not yet been presented in a form which we can understand .
But to avoid overburdening the 1998 discharge procedure with these problems as well , the 1997 discharge procedure has to be brought to a conclusion .
In principle and by and large we are happy , but we know that there are definite borderline situations and cases which are being tested out by means of complaints or rulings .
I am thinking here , for example , of banana growing in some Member States and protecting our consumers , to whom we are accountable as elected Members , and we need to further consolidate that level of protection .
But if no hard scientific evidence can be produced , then obviously no import ban can be imposed .
In fact we can see it now with the samples which the Commission has taken that banned hormones are being used in the USA , and that it is not true that the meat which comes here is hormone-free .
It was 20 years ago , Sir Leon , when colleagues of yours did this in your country , the United Kingdom , and look where that got us with BSE.
Mr Kittelmann , go out onto the streets in Berlin and say : 'but it does say on the label that it is highly dangerous for children during puberty and for everyone else as well ; and if people already have cancer it encourages more tumours to form , and in addition it can be carcinogenic ' .
In the eyes of the European public the new Commission will be a European government .
You will have to ensure the consolidation of the