countries .
Will the forthcoming regulation ensure that damage sustained through missing connections with other flights receives fair compensation ?
Madam President-in-Office of the Council , I too thank you for your kindness , but unfortunately I have to say that you have not by any means satisfied the expectations of this House or the democratic opposition in Equatorial Guinea as regards the situation we are dealing with .
As regards the politician , I would like to highlight his sensitivity towards that concept that involves truly bringing Europe closer to the citizens .
I am referring to the explanation of the two amendments and the misunderstanding that may have occurred in connection with them .
Mr President , I would like to conclude by emphasizing that , in my opinion , there is a misunderstanding in those two amendments and that , in any case , we are all aware of the importance of this report and the need for this Parliament - which is already relatively old , which already has some real power of codecision , and which is a co-legislator on equal terms with the Council - to mould all of this into internal rules and interinstitutional agreements .
Thus , that government which used to block part of the agreements in the Council has been replaced by another , which seems to have a different attitude .
It will surely be tremendously complicated .
On the one hand , a growing number of citizens are affected and , on the other hand , the procedures which currently exist are insufficient to provide a fair solution for every case .
For me , too , the previous speeches have already been sufficiently detailed as regards the technical aspects to allow me to speak of the history of this directive .
And the only thing that I regret is that from this it will not be evident how extremely pleased and honoured all of us have been to work with you .
We also support the use of those people who , in some regions of the European Union , come from industry and who could receive training to allow them to work , in fact , in jobs treating water , treating waste , treating contaminated land and caring for natural areas .
Imprisoned under terrible conditions in the jails in Equatorial Guinea , he was not allowed to talk to anyone , his food and water were rationed and he was in a cell measuring 1.5 m by 1.5 m .
We could pass this message on to the Council so that it contacts the authorities in Equatorial Guinea to intervene and , in any case , so that those authorities allow a visit by European Union authorities to monitor the situation of these prisoners and thereby guarantee justice for this people .
Therefore , the recognition of the use of the language itself on the part of the European Parliament would be an act of justice as regards the right to petition .
I will conclude , Madam President , with the hope that this House approves a report whose amendments aim to widen and consolidate the spirit of integration of the peoples and their cultures .
It is not a question of increasing the number of official languages or working languages , it is rather a matter of allowing those citizens who have a language of their own which is recognized as such by the legislation of its Member State , to draw up their petitions in their own language .
The person most in need of the opportunity to forward a petition in his own language is not the European citizen belonging to a historic minority whose language is already recognized .
For example , the Court of First Instance of the European Communities has just judged that a Council decision refusing access to certain documents must be overruled , since the reasons for the refusal were not clearly justified .
Some political prisoners have been freed , but the authoritarian structures are still in place there .
Mr President , if Nigeria , which we have just debated , with the sudden tragic deaths of General Abacha and Chief Abiola , could have perhaps given rise to a tragedy written by a modern Sophocles , then the case of Togo could be worthy of a vaudeville .
And we must demand that the Sudanese authorities allow that aid to reach the displaced civil population because if it does not , the same thing will happen again as happens so many times due to the causes we are all aware of .
Whoever owns or manages an airline must know that he does not own just any kind of company - be it public or private -, a production facility with exclusively lucrative ends , but instead owns a company which provides services in the general interest and which , therefore , has two characteristics that other companies do not have .
But today , many passengers - more than half of them - travel with tickets that cannot be cancelled , so this issue is more similar to any other commercial transaction .
And we congratulate him on it , particularly since the current regulation - which dates from 1991 - must be amended , and given the adaptation of the regulation to the evolution experienced by the transport industry , meeting the passengers ' demands for information and increasing the amount of compensation .
We are concerned because , to be precise , we perceive a kind of difference between the treatment of certain acts of minor significance and that of major problems such as organized crime and its disastrous consequences for society , culture , young people , etcetera .
We do not , however , agree with Amendments Nos 20 , 21 and 22 , because we feel Mr Orlando 's text is more precise .
