believe there is greater clarity and transparency in stipulating a minimum 30-minute check-in time in the regulation .
Amendment No 10 , second and third paragraphs , adds unnecessary bureaucracy and would make the information notices difficult to read , especially for someone like myself who needs the support of glasses on every occasion .
In conclusion , however , I am pleased to welcome most of the amendments which will enable the Commission to strengthen the proposed regulation and I should like again to thank Mr González Triviño and the Committee on Transport and Tourism for their constructive and enlightened work .
The European Parliament supported the proposal , and the same trend is found in other parts of the world .
The net is now being pulled tighter around drug dealers and international organized crime .
There may still be reason for the Council to return to the issue , namely , to the question of how the seized money should be handled .
The balance must be maintained between the protection of integrity and the effectiveness of the fight against crime .
When my report on organized crime concerning the action plan was debated , Parliament voted almost unanimously for the victims of crime funds proposed there in the case of assets that could not be returned to their rightful owner , or when so many countries have been involved in the action and seizure that it is impossible to divide the proceeds in a reasonable manner .
Some specification of what should happen to the assets must be initiated in any case .
Madam President , Commissioner , the fight against crime comes high up , sometimes at the top , of most opinion polls about what people think the EU should , among other things , concern itself with .
It also relates to getting Member States to ratify conventions and the resolution on the laundering of drugs money , etcetera .
It is , therefore , important to do nothing that is viewed as an infringement of national sovereignty .
This is therefore something that I am against .
Mr President , it is clear that this draft joint action is good .
If we look at the situation regarding the application of conventions in the same area , we see that the situation is pitiful .
That is what I mean by the moment of truth in these important areas : legal cooperation and the fight against organized crime .
We repeat situations where Member States do not in fact comply with what has been said in the convention areas which already exist .
Furthermore , I would like to say that I , unlike my colleague Mr Lindqvist , support the proposal that the Court of Justice should have authority in this area .
Mr President , I wish to extend my warmest thanks to the leader of our delegation , Mrs Fontaine .
As has been said , the repairs clause was a focal point in the discussion .
I have been observing the situation in my own country and looking to the future .
We expect the Commission to honour its published undertaking to submit proposals for amendments .
Equally intolerable is the secretive behaviour of the EU.
Where are the calls for open debate with the citizens of Europe ?
Echelon is built upon the notion that all telecommunications activities should be able to be intercepted .
How are the limits for Echelon to be set , and who is going to take responsibility ?
Mr President , we are now witnessing the culmination of a long process , the results of which will have a major impact on human health and the environment .
What Parliament did in tightening up the provisions of the Commission 's Auto/Oil proposal will , I am sure , be vindicated as wise and balanced .
Higher quality fuels automatically lead to lower toxic emissions and encourage the development of catalytic converters for larger diesel engines .
The overall result is greater than the sum of individual efforts could ever be .
It should be possible to bring about a 25 % reduction in fuel use by as early as 2005 .
In its communication ' Climate Change - Towards an EU Post-Kyoto Strategy ' , the Commission outlines what will be required to meet the Union 's ambitious target of an 8 % reduction in CO2 emissions by 2008-2012 .
Maximum efforts should be made to meet the Kyoto targets , but we still need to keep a sense of proportion .
Not to mention the fact that , according to WHO , sulphur emissions in Europe alone are responsible for around ten thousand premature deaths per year .
I see a parallel here with another issue which is topical at the moment : the right to health care .
Prior authorisation is not necessary either .
Like Mrs Maij-Weggen , I too would be interested to hear what steps the Commission has already undertaken , or intends to undertake .
I appreciate that a minimum number of countries must ratify before the Court can become operational .
With this new institution , we have one more instrument available to us .
Thank you for that information , Commissioner .
But I am concerned that so much time has passed since the first plans were put forward in 1994 .
I also wonder whether any appropriations have been earmarked in the Commission 's budget for promoting this unified approach to boosting European competitiveness .
I concede that it was phrased rather provocatively , but that was really the idea .
If we seriously want wider European cooperation , this issue just has to be addressed .
Cooperation between them means stability for the whole continent .
Today 's debate is about Russia , but let us not forget that Ukraine too has been badly hit by the collapse of the international market