in Austria .
Thank you , Commissioner Monti .
I am aware that regulations are being formulated , but I see another problem .
I have been approached by many ski instructors who say that it is becoming physically impossible to live up to the rules , because a trade barrier is in effect being created by making the examinations too difficult .
This applies to Danish and British ski instructors , whereas a cooperative approach has developed between the so-called Alpine countries , including France , Austria and Italy which readily recognise one another 's examinations .
I would therefore be very grateful if you would conduct inquiries to determine whether what is taking place is in effect a trade barrier or an obstacle to a commercial activity , because those who we might refer to as the northern ski instructors are being made to meet unreasonable requirements , whereas similar requirements are not being expected of ski instructors from the Alpine countries .
The Commission intends to develop better procedures , frameworks and forms of action , and to improve the instruments it has to offer , but we now have only two months until 1997 .
The Commission will pay greater attention to harmful factors , to the development of concepts and greater incentives , but here too we must ask : with what results ?
This shows that our consumption of materials and energy is rising sharply .
These developments are regarded as catastrophic in terms of the management of waste and the volume of nitrates in the ground water .
The growing nitrate and pesticide concentrations in the ground water are expected to exceed the target by over 75 % in the EU 's agricultural areas .
Was it not in fact this that the Commission was meant to tackle ?
In conclusion , then , I would like to thank Lone Dybkjær for her report .
I would like to thank the rapporteur for the good work he has done and then thank the NGOs for the contribution they make in a different context .
This work cannot of course be carried out on a voluntary basis .
We must not do this on behalf of the NGOs .
I would have to agree with the rapporteur that we need a series of amendments , but on the other hand I must also say that as soon as one goes into a great deal of detail , which is what the rapporteur has done here , and draws up detailed provisions stipulating how citizens and the public authorities are supposed to relate to one another , one finds oneself discussing the management of a system , and it is precisely in this area of systems that we have to recognize that we have very different traditions in our respective countries .
We have excellent experience in Denmark when it comes to man 's effect on the environment , and even if I have expressed some criticism of the system that has been set up in Denmark , it is still the case that we have had a great deal of experience .
Some of these proposals will not therefore have any direct relevance in a Danish context .
By way of example , I would pick out Amendment No 14 in which the rapporteur refers to the experience looked for in the various experts who are to have responsibility for environmental assessments .
That is why I feel that in this area the rapporteur has gone into rather too much detail and is perhaps seeing things too much from a French administrative tradition , and not enough from what would be an appropriate perspective for a Scandinavian , or at least a Danish , tradition .
I would like to know why the Council did not regard it as a valid mechanism .
I believe the report asks its own significant question .
It is partly a matter of inspiration , and partly one of legislation .
I have heard moving accounts from Ireland and The Netherlands .
I would have liked to ask Mr Killilea - he is no longer here unfortunately - whether there is a bus route linking the Irish pubs around Europe that he is planning to set up , but perhaps we should dismiss this as a humorous comment .
When we formulate the European regulations , we also have an obligation to look at things from different perspectives .
And we have rural traffic .
I am wholly in agreement with liberalisation .
But if tenders are invited for a given form of transport and a company wins the right to provide it , it cannot help matters if other companies operate on the same route without a licence .
This affects regional traffic .
International transport from one country to another and permission to pick up passengers in the context of international transport systems is something quite different .
It is unfortunate that we have some situations in which there are parallel routes operated by both trains and several bus services , running half empty , for which fares are constantly reduced in order to win the 'battle ' - just like the airspace situation .
It is therefore very important that we give some thought to this .
I am unable to accept the comments on tax harmonisation made by Mr Killilea .
Mr Lindqvist is right about the priorities involved in viable transport systems .
This means it is not collective transport we are providing for ; it is a multiple-choice situation in which personal transport , in the form of a car , will win every time .
I am not clear about what the centralist Commission is about to produce as its final proposal .
I would support the development of common transport in Europe and collective traffic arrangements ; and I do not have anything against liberalisation .
