You began by talking about your appearance as Minister of Budgets in 1988 .
It is therefore absolutely essential that we have an ambitious social dimension , that we insist on the quality of employment , and deal with pensions and the demographic future of Europe , and all these things are in your programme .
I believe that , in this respect - think , for example of the number of calls received by the President of the United States - what we need is a clear approach , that must maintain a presence in the Balkans , in the Middle East , and I thank you for mentioning Africa .
I would like to focus on one of the central ideas of the Belgian presidency , according to what has been said this morning .
Mr President , we in the Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party are clearly working on a joint position which we will vote on at noon , in order to condemn violence and support dialogue , but also so that the short-term efforts , such as the appointment of a mediator and the support for the Traikovski plan , should be immediate measures .
I believe that our intervention , or that of our countries , should take good account of this , because countries such as Bulgaria , for example , have made a very positive contribution to stability in the area .
Mr President , I am not the President of the United States Federal Court , but perhaps I can help you .
I would like to quote these two paragraphs which seemed so important to me and which , when they disappeared from the text , obliged me to abstain from my own opinion .
The proof is that more than 1 400 citizens in Europe send petitions to this committee each year , which relate to the recognition of qualifications , free movement , the rights of immigrants and the right to a healthy environment .
They are both very good reports .
I think it would be worth establishing European Union human rights observatories in each of the three continents , which would maintain relations with the NGOs and with the instruments of the United Nations , so that the annual reports carried out by Parliament , to the Commission and the Council , may have the effect of improving our interventions .
It is normal for us to make our aid to third countries conditional upon their respecting human rights and , naturally , we must continue urging them to do so and putting pressure on them until they do so , but , while we do not make the same demands of the larger countries , we will not deserve to consider ourselves the world reference point for the defence of human rights .
Without liberty , without tolerance , without respect for human rights , there is nothing .
It is difficult to analyse what is happening in each Member State and , above all , know the facts and circumstances which affect each country in the light of our recent Charter of Fundamental Rights and , therefore , we must continue to study the procedure in depth .
Mr President , I would firstly like to point out that it seems to me absurd to hold a joint debate in this House on the human rights situation in the world and in the European Union .
Mr Pirker , Mr Hernández Mollar , we do not want to put forward a common immigration policy .
Take , for example , the European Union ' s role in the United Nations and the Geneva Commission , which is often weak and even contradictory .
However , I regret that Mr Wuori' s report does not refer to the situation of one of the most violated fundamental rights and the most forgotten : the right to education , to receiving essential basic training as a means for escaping the underdevelopment and poverty which so many children and adults are condemned to living in because they are not guaranteed this fundamental right .
Mr President , I would simply like to propose a rational solution to the problem .
Question No 8 by (H-0560/01 ) : Subject : Laeken Declaration Annex IV of the Nice Treaty contains a declaration that calls for a deeper and wider debate about the future development of the EU.
What approach will the Belgian presidency take to Declaration No 54 attached to the Treaty of Amsterdam , on the principle of subsidiarity and the entities having exclusive powers ?
Are you prepared to work during the Belgian presidency so that progress may really be made in relation to this disastrous situation ?
As I said before , our objective is limited .
We are cooperating via two channels .
And every time we have given this sort of aid , we have done so with certain conditions within the European Union and I do not believe that there is any argument for changing that model .
We will therefore continue to insist in the Council that the conditions we have proposed be approved .
We have greater difficulty with the problem of the references to the distribution of the burden .
I do not know if it will be necessary for us to reconsider the issue in 2003 , but to say now that in no event are we going to do anything in 2003 does not seem correct to us .
It is very difficult to give information on the same year unless it is excessively delayed information , but the production of additional general reports , as well as the one we present every year , on macro-financial assistance , we believe to be an unnecessary bureaucratic burden .
This is not the real difficulty .
Furthermore ,