The recession here is serious and the conversion of coal fields , amongst other things , is far from complete .
After this united effort , the world 's rich nations , together with the governments of these countries , must draw up a plan for rebuilding this area and go beyond cancelling debts .
The Wye Plantation agreement represents an enclave policy and will turn the situation into another Bosnia ; it is a pathetic agreement not worth the paper it is written on .
This is the position of our group and we believe that , in the long term and if people behave wisely , it could lead to an Israeli-Palestinian confederation .
We were able to gauge the good-will on both sides and almost completed discussions for the basis of an agreement on the long-term objectives to be achieved .
Also , national cofinancing represents a real threat to financial solidarity among Member States .
The main aim of reform cannot be to satisfy the multinationals of the food and farming sector .
A large number of these amendments have already been adopted by different majorities in the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development , thereby showing both the Commission and the Council how much importance we place on rural development for a healthy balance in European society .
And our fellow citizens need to be reassured that we are safeguarding regional balances and promoting sustainable development .
Once again , we are ready to pretend to help our poor , each of us entrenched in our own little states , made more callous by our narrow-mindedness .
We should not forget that regional policy is still an essential component in moving towards the Europe of citizens .
This is why , Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the French Socialist delegation to the European Parliament will not vote in favour at first reading .
Today , the reform of the Structural Funds calls into question the geographical scope of these measures , even though the effects of the Uruguay Round and the fall in agricultural prices , exacerbated by the new reform of the CAP , are still being felt and increasingly so .
Tourism frequently offers an alternative solution for regions that are suffering a structural lag or that are highly dependent on other sectors that are in decline .
The principle financial resource is the CAP budget .
This involves substantial public funds that must not be used to produce surpluses that are sold cheaply on the international market .
In the debate on the Commission 's Agenda 2000 proposal , we had stated that if the aim was to maintain , in the context of the reform of the CAP and of the principal COMs, the founding principles of the Community preference and to maintain farmers ' earnings by compensating fully for price reductions , both the budget and the level of the agricultural guideline envisaged would be insufficient .
We might remember the panic , which I would call ridiculous if the situation had not been so serious , that was caused by the arrival of a few Kurds in Italy last year , as though the presence of a few thousand Kurds in the territory of the European Union was likely to destabilise 350 million Europeans .
We see this clearly in the eastern Mediterranean , we saw it in Bosnia , and we see it in Kosovo .
We are told that ' Europe means peace ' , but Europe does not mean peace , because we have unfortunately seen that there is war in Europe and that the European Union allows the United States to settle European conflicts .
Mr President , the joint resolution on the freedom of expression in Algeria is intended to demonstrate our solidarity with the Algerian press .
There can be no aid , there can be no possible reform in Serbia while that crook remains in power , and people must begin to accept that .
In the same way , they are obviously not understood by investors and those who could contribute something positive to Algeria .
Freedom of the press is one of the conditions of democratic debate .
Must we give lessons in morality to the entire world at any price , and particularly when the draft texts contain traces of anti-Russian and anti-Slav racism that I find totally unacceptable ?
I would like to begin by congratulating our rapporteur , Mr Hoppenstedt , on his excellent work .
Nor do I share his view that the Commission should play the role that was initially assigned to the Council with regard to a joint action .
Mr President , I must firstly congratulate Mr Pirker on his excellent report .
For us , as responsible politicians , this fight is an urgent obligation .
The first point , then , is that it is our duty to ensure that the pronouncements of the Court , as made on several occasions , are respected .
What we do want , and we have always said so , is to see account taken of the cultural dimension but also the true facts , not as they are constantly projected but as they are , the reality .
There is no obligation of any kind .
That is the trend .
Well , in the Netherlands the Commission blocked a large-scale merger .
People have fixed ideas .
Having discussed this in detail and amended many points , we are proud to propose this report to Parliament .
Clearly , this new office , its director and its various departments will be available to Parliament and all the other institutions which are also required to carry out checks and investigations .
This was the reason for the arrangements made and length of the deadlines set at the