I would like to emphasize one point at the beginning of this debate : when the common monetary policy is introduced on 1 January 1999 , not only the markets , but also the people , must be convinced of the value of this institution 's work , of the credibility of its decisions , in the interests of price stability and also in the interests of the independence of this European monetary authority .
We must also discuss the acceptable margins of inflation , the problem of deflation , the lack of investment and the problem of the asynchronous course of economic activity that exists not just regionally , but now also socially .
We want an objective analysis of the effects in this area .
If you do not want to extend the derogation , if we cannot resolve this now , then we will , as far as the three new countries are concerned , exist in a very uncertain legal framework which cannot be in the interests of those involved .
However , I would like to make it clear - and as a farmer , I know what I am talking about - that the use of hydraulic loading ramps in the transportation of pigs is not the last word in wisdom .
It simply does not have the staff .
In my opinion , it would be virtually impossible to load pigs with a hydraulic loading ramp because they never keep still .
The rapporteur has tabled 24 amendments .
He must have an incredible amount of experience .
When the Commission 's proposal was being examined by the relevant Council bodies , the Commission did indicate that it would not be presenting any additional amended proposals to take account of Parliament 's amendments .
The Council actually reached its conclusions , based on the proposal I have just outlined , on 18 June 1998 .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I too have just received the news that the leader of the Movimiento de Autodeterminación de la Isla de Bioko has died in prison , probably as the result of torture inflicted on him .
Those involved in this particular market sector were also granted a five-year transition , which expires in 1999 .
These are just some of the measures available .
The cease-fire in the Federal State of Baralgasal and in parts of the Upper Nile came into effect late on Tuesday evening , according to the SPLA spokesman in Nairobi on Wednesday .
I think that this is the practical manifestation of those major advances which Europe offers us .
At this juncture , I would like to ask whether over the next few months , during the Austrian presidency , the Council will be asking the Commission to come up with any new EU programmes for minorities as well as for unofficial languages .
Madam President-in-Office of the Council , I would like to thank you for your advice to the Commission .
Madam President-in-Office of the Council , one question which is naturally of great interest to me in this connection is how you view the situation of the rights of European ethnic minorities .
Thank you very much , Mr President .
I believe that all the other procedures are of an informal nature .
Mr President , most of the Members who are involved in the committees dealing with this report , the rapporteur and also the draftsmen of the opinions have discovered , in the course of the past week , that the changes to procedures in this House which arise from the Amsterdam Treaty have much greater effect than could be suspected at first or second glance .
The opportunities which the Amsterdam Treaty offers Parliament must be used to the full .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the report by my friend , Andrea Manzella , on the implementation of the Amsterdam Treaty deals with the most important task of the European Parliament , apart from its budgetary powers and appointment of the Commission , that is , joint legislation at European level .
The third reading , for example , will no longer exist , and other simplifications are possible .
In actual fact , it is , of course , a question of direction , of decisions on political direction .
The only formula which leads to success is to never stand still , and we heard in the debate this morning on the Austrian presidency how this formula is used again and again .
Of course , it should not be the case that a person 's acquired entitlements in the home Member State lapse when he goes to another Member State .
However , I cannot support Mr Pirker 's amendments .
You are doing things the wrong way round .
I refer to the Bishop of Hippo in today 's Tunisia , the spiritual father of the Latin Church , based his treatise on grace on the essential equality of all people , even if we do not have to follow Luther 's ideal of equality regardless of what we have achieved and what we owe .
Where any kind of discriminatory rules are concerned , we disgrace ourselves .
Madam President , this title sounds very technical but in fact it concerns a relatively practical problem .
We are not weakening the law ; we are merely removing boundaries .
I assume that the Commission will also accept most of Parliament 's proposals .
We would never have achieved this multi-faceted protection for citizens , at least not at this time , if Parliament had not taken the initiative itself .
Now , of course , we expect that this paper will not be forgotten again , but that it will be represented actively in the monitoring committees by the Commission representatives and that they will propose using money from the Structural Funds for