Mrs Thors rightly pointed out that this a red herring .
A management board has now been appointed and is currently , as I understand it , holding a two-day meeting in New York .
I know that you have high expectations of me over the coming months - and thank you for your good wishes .
The term commercial communications therefore covers advertising , direct marketing and sponsorship , as well as sales promotion and - significantly - public relations .
On the contrary , if that market is run according to the rules which we ourselves set - and I am a logical man - the consequences certainly need not in any sense be socially damaging .
The trouble is , I have not reached any final conclusions yet myself .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , may I begin by saying a few words to the last speaker .
We as a parliament clearly cannot overemphasise our position on liberalising postal services .
Only a universal service is capable of ensuring that each and every European citizen , however remote his or her place of residence , has access to postal facilities .
Not , Mr Ferber , because I am frightened of the Left - or indeed of anyone else .
The former enjoy a natural advantage born of their market fitness .
This had the clear advantage that at least one of the Presidents-in-Office responsible could respond to Parliament .
Certain key legislative matters - and I am sorry to have to harp on about this - are communitarised in the Treaty of Amsterdam .
What is at stake is the legality of the work done by officials in the EU who are supposed to be dealing with citizens ' security .
A few votes one way or other on the motion of censure will not change that .
Today 's events have demonstrated that there is still an unfortunate lack of democracy in Europe 's institutions .
So in principle , 260 Members of this House have refused to express their confidence in the Commission .
The Commission has been wounded by this debate , and politically speaking it is dead in the water .
Neither has so far been prepared to accept full responsibility for their actions .
They also have a right to expect Members of Parliament to exercise their control functions without resorting to party-political tactics .
The Austrian Presidency and the European Parliament have carried out some important preparatory work in this area too .
The facts demonstrate just how important the Schengen security system really is .
Secondly , the Kurdish organisations reached an agreement in Washington .
Missiles were fired , the people were terrified , but Saddam Hussein was not harmed ; on the contrary , the air strikes gave him an opportunity to strengthen his position still further and aroused worldwide suspicion that the purpose of the whole escapade was to divert attention from certain embarrassing events in the United States .
So it is up to the Member States not to let these diamonds from Angola enter their markets and to take steps to prevent their sale in the European Union .
Mr President , I can be brief .
This means that we in the European Union are now in demand too and will have to give this process decisive political and logistic support .
But allow me to add a very brief historical footnote , since there is so much talk here about colonialisation , recolonialisation and so on .
We had numerous first-hand experiences of that when our delegation visited Colombia in December .
The Pastrana government - and we congratulate them on this - are using the strength inherent in a new government to open negotiations with the strongest of the warring factions , with all the difficulties this involves .
Madam President , I wanted to take up the suggestion made by the previous President of the sitting , Mr Martin .
I very much hope that the assistance provided by the European Union will also reach its target there too , for there is a need to mobilise all forces to assist in this complex process in a country which is , of course , already democratic , with a view to reconstructing peace and democracy .
It is , of course , important that projects are implemented and that there is no possibility of projects being implemented in which human rights are infringed .
Before I move on , let me examine some aspects of subsidiarity .
I really cannot identify any such violation .
Both need protection and support .
Madam President , the basic tenor of this report , which places the child at the centre of the European discussion , is to be very warmly welcomed .
We must realise , however , that it is Utopian to call for a European legal framework governing EU-based companies with worldwide operations , and that such a framework would even be illegal because of its extraterritorial character .
We should also beware of bracketing the infringement of social and environmental standards with child abuse , of all things , because the latter involves a paramount legal interest which is unquestionably eligible for extraterritorial protection , whereas I cannot see that the same applies to the former .
The cooperation you propose in the new global agreement with the ACP countries is important , and represents another addition that we support .
Mr President , I object because this changes the meaning of the paragraph and I do not think we should do this orally .
It is also a matter of priority to give urgent attention to the situation of children and to protecting the rights of children in the context of dialogue between the European Union and the ACP countries .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , this report draws our attention to a new , extremely promising ,