Of course , on reading the report , one notices that it makes no mention of the visions , the goals or the challenges facing Europe on the eve of the 21st century .
We , therefore , await the contents of this text .
First point : If an "area of freedom , security and justice " is to implemented , the decision-making and supervisory powers of the European Parliament need to be strengthened .
Fifth point : There should be more fundamental cooperation with the United Nations High Commission .
Eighth point : The " Eurodac " system of finger printing asylum seekers is unacceptable as a matter of principle .
The deregulation of the capital markets , the abolition of economic borders , changes in various models as a result of high technology and the information society and global competition are all factors which often precipitate drastic changes and restructuring in industrial production .
It would be quite realistic of me to say that no restructuring can be a smooth operation without its problems .
In the past , we have witnessed cases throughout the European Union which adopted both methods of restructuring .
Secondly , there is no excuse for failing to give adequate notice to employees , for not giving them detailed information and for not consulting them on alternative forms of restructuring which could be just as effective but at a lower social cost .
The institutional framework to date in the European Union has consisted of two directives : the Directive on collective redundancies and the European Works Council Directive .
We have plenty of time ahead of us to monitor its next moves .
This directive has , to date , been endorsed by Parliament , and I believe that today ' s discussion on Michelin will spur us into further action in support of this directive .
The Gillenhammer report , which is well-known to Parliament , contains relevant proposals which we could follow .
My next point concerns social dialogue .
Companies are responsible for maintaining the employability of their workers and workers are responsible for participating in continuing training and for updating and developing their abilities and skills .
Ladies and gentlemen , I feel it is important to touch on a number of measures which have been taken so far at European Union level in connection with the restructuring of firms .
We have before us today a special case which is not a model worth following .
There must be no victims in the restructuring and modernisation of firms .
First of all , I would like to comment on the issue raised , i .e . whether we are actually discussing the case of one company in particular and whether or not we are , in fact , justified in doing so .
However , there is , of course , a significant difference in Europe : the cultural , social and historical model of Europe is based on stringent social forces and on the balance between society and the economy .
The means may differ but it is clear that both sides have the same preoccupation .
And we , the European Parliament and the Commission , form part of the political powers of Europe .
The initial assessment of these two directives shows that they work well , but at present amendments tabled by Parliament are being processed and in January 2000 we will be able to begin discussions on these two directives .
The second directive , concerning information and consultation of workers , has , as you are aware , already been tabled for discussion at the Council of Ministers .
Again in the area of institutional and legislative intervention , interesting proposals have been made to shift the tax burden away from labour costs , away from the taxation of workers , and on to environmental factors and the directives on employment have provided an initial incentive to move in this direction .
I would like to refer here to social dialogue , an issue which a number of MEPs have already raised .
It mentions that European companies view profit as their main goal , but not their sole reason for existing and they prefer to take a long-term approach to strategic decisions and investments .
They are based on the completely realistic assessment that , without social cohesion in Europe , which is an area of powerful social forces , social conflict will arise .
The political element of this dialogue will begin on 8 November and for the first time social partners expressing their social concerns on the issue of employment , banks outlining their monetary policy , and the Member States , which are the political forces in Europe , will sit at the same table .
As I mentioned earlier , substantial funding is also available .
I would like to mention the issue of state aid and how we can combine state aid with company profits .
Therefore , at a time of such rapid change , there will have to be scope for modification and reorientation of these guidelines on a daily basis .
Mr President , the recent decision of the US Senate to reject ratification of the comprehensive nuclear test-ban treaty has set an unpleasant precedent for the efforts by the people of the world to create lasting peace and stability .
Terrorism today is regaining strength at all levels and is keeping up to date with new technological developments in both weaponry and communications systems .
We are under no illusion that limiting nuclear weapons and banning their development will , undoubtedly , discourage some states from acquiring any in the future .
We would like to believe , Mr President , that the decision by the American Senate is but a temporary diversion from the moral obligation which the superpower has towards