Firstly , the recent financial turmoil has underlined the importance of sound financial regulation .
Transatlantic Market initiatives started a very important process which is especially critical to the capital markets .
Even though the first experiences from this procedure are positive , it is crucial to keep on building trust between institutions .
It is also in its early stages .
It is developing all the time .
Rather we need targeted improvements - particularly Level 3 Committees - there is a lot of scope for improvement in their international cooperation , to challenge each other and explain .
Enhanced cooperation is a good innovation and the other items of the Commission 's agenda in the field of tax are also very important .
The agreement of 8 July 2006 between the leaders of the two communities on the island should prepare the ground for such talks as a means of facilitating the full resumption of these talks for a comprehensive settlement .
Notwithstanding the challenges that are posed by the unique political , diplomatic and legal status , the Commission considers that the implementation of the aid programme is broadly on track for the moment .
Member of the Commission . - I want to thank the honourable Member for this proposal .
There was a serious diplomatic effort to unblock economic and trade relations in and around Cyprus , which culminated in some meetings in Helsinki , which , however , did not lead to results .
Member of the Commission . - I think that in fact this question was partly directed to Mr Cappato .
We encourage , and we expect , that the leaders of the two communities will continue their efforts in order to resume negotiations for a comprehensive settlement under the auspices of the United Nations .
The Commission is financing CSFP joint actions establishing planning teams in Pristina .
These teams have developed the blueprints for the future missions on the basis of the Ahtisaari plan .
The Commission has worked in close cooperation with the two teams in order to ensure a coherent overall EU presence in a post-status Kosovo .
At this point in time it is too early to speculate when exactly Kosovo 's status will be resolved but it is clear that prolonging the agony will not serve anybody 's purpose .
Member of the Commission . - Indeed , as Mr Posselt said , Serbia is a key country and that is the reason why we initialled the stabilisation and association agreement last week with Deputy Prime Minister Đelić , in the presence of President Tadić .
Thus we are ready , once Serbia is ready , to move ahead , and indeed this helps Serbia to leave the nationalist past behind and approach its European future .
Member of the Commission . - We are , indeed , working very seriously and very hard to facilitate a negotiated settlement solution .
I think it is important that we focus our minds and our public statements on helping the work of the Troika and encouraging the two sides to seize the opportunity to use this last chance , this extra time or injury time , in order to achieve concrete results in the negotiations .
Subject : Accession negotiations with Croatia In June 2004 , Croatia was finally accorded the status of an official candidate for membership by the EU.
In view of the positive developments in Croatia in the field of the market economy , the Rule of Law , democracy and human rights this would seem a perfectly feasible deadline .
What support is the Commission giving ( or planning to give ) to ensure that Croatia can join the EU as soon as possible ?
Member of the Commission . - Accession negotiations with Croatia are at cruising speed for the moment .
The screening process was completed one year later , in October 2006 , and all 33 screening reports have been submitted to the Council .
I would like to add that , on 10 chapters , we have agreed opening benchmarks - or they have been agreed by the Council , to be more precise - which have been communicated to Croatia .
To conclude , what is most important in terms of the next steps is more progress on the most difficult chapters .
Member of the Commission . - I agree that there is a need for further action in the first place by Croatia .
Just to illustrate the challenges : the technical negotiations form the superstructure of the negotiations on the acquis communautaire , while the reforms on the ground form the substructure - the foundation - of the negotiations .
The concrete example that I have in mind is shipbuilding and steel .
Member of the Commission . - I think that using common sense , which is also allowed for a Commissioner , your question makes plenty of sense .
But , of course , in the medium to long term , we should have a situation where all the countries of the Western Balkans will be part of the European Union and , one day , also part of the Schengen arrangement for the free movement of people .
We are dealing with it with all the accuracy and determination that is needed .
In fact we are making , as I said earlier , good progress with Croatia on the basis of the merits of Croatia .
I trust that , at the latest immediately after the parliamentary elections in Croatia , both countries will step up their efforts and intensify work in order to use this window of opportunity and try to settle these outstanding issues , like the border issues .
Obviously this is perhaps going to be one of the most important , if not the most important , conferences on climate change .
What all the earlier conferences