the rule of law is based on the independence of the judiciary and that this principle , and its corollary of scrupulous respect for judicial rulings , must prevail over any other interest , however legitimate .
Madam President , I would like to congratulate Mr Chichester for two reasons .
Europe will also do so , as will Japan .
It is a major power station but the decommissioning costs are well below even the 15 % mentioned by Mr Chichester , just as it is well below in terms of waste management costs , despite what is frivolously stated by those who have not studied the matter or looked at it in depth .
Madam President , when we make mention here of our commitment to the principle of universal justice and , consequently , call on the competent authorities to interpret it in accordance with the principles of the Treaty on European Union , I would like to add after 'competent authorities ' the words 'in particular those of Spain and the United Kingdom' , which are the authorities involved in this matter .
What , in fact , is it all about ?
Nonetheless , the share of agricultural spending in the general budget dropped by 1.2 % , from 51.7 % to 50.5 % .
And I would like to end with a phrase from page 42 of your communication , which states that the Community represents a unified economic area for agricultural products .
Let me remind the House , Mr President , of the well-known fact that one third of the books published during the last 150 years are self-destructing .
Therefore , this is a serious problem .
I also think that it is very important for this report to be dealt with during this Parliament , before the Barzanti report is discussed in plenary at the end of this year , and before my own report on the World Intellectual Property Organisation .
A whole range of studies have been done , for instance by the MIT ( Massachusetts Institute of Technology ) , or the ZKM in Karlsruhe .
Madam President , I think we are all entitled to congratulate ourselves on this joint debate between the Commission , Parliament and the Council .
I am very pleased that the Council has realised that it is responsible not only for making national administrations aware of these requirements , but also for coordinating regional and local policies .
Despite a number of efforts , we have still not received a satisfactory answer from the Commission and one which is acceptable to the Council , so the challenge still remains .
As many of my colleagues have already explained , we do not think there is sufficient legal justification for them , nor do we feel they are appropriate from a political point of view .
Furthermore , Community legislation - or so it has been said repeatedly of late - should be applied in parallel with national legislation .
Given the lack of precision in the Commission 's text , the Committee on Culture wishes to see a programme in which the specific sectors targeted by the framework programme will be clear from the outset .
The European Commission 's own expectations of this programme as stated in its 1995 proposal have therefore fallen well short of being realised .
It is therefore very important for this programme to be supported - it is not a particularly ambitious one - and so the Socialist Group will support the amendments and Mrs Mouskouri 's report as a whole .
The framework programme is based on a transparent global vision .
Its objectives and structure are more general and , we believe , more complete than those of the first generation of cultural programmes .
This is because the Treaty only provides for action to support cooperation between Member States and cultural operators and thus only allows for the creation of a common cultural area for all Europeans .
The other amendments accepted or rejected in part by the Commission relate to four main issues : the types of cultural actions , the budget , comitology and measures for implementation .
On the measures for implementation - Amendments Nos 24 , 25 , 26 , and 27 - such measures are generally published by the Commission in the Official Journal , where information on decisions taken by our institutions is provided for the benefit of practising professionals .
I should like to thank Parliament once again for its report .
For instance , it threatened to affect the balance between the institutions laid down in the Treaty .
As a result , the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights agrees entirely that Article 235 provides an appropriate legal base .
The remaining amendments are aimed at broadening the scope of the regulation to include serious obstacles to freedom of movement for workers .
So far as I am aware , however , the problem for workers has never been that they have been physically prevented from crossing a border or reaching their place of work , which would have been the equivalent situation .
That is where the amendments should be included .
Some of the contentious issues have been laid before you this evening , ladies and gentlemen .
In my view , there are no circumstances in which exercising the right to strike can involve overturning lorries from another Member State .
I therefore proposed in my committee that my political group , the PPE Group , should vote in favour of the amendments from the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs .
We have before us today proposals which amount to a genuine rethink of Community programmes in the fields of education , training and youth for the period 2000-2004 .
This is precisely what the new programme , ' Youth' , aims to achieve .
