significant role in preventing such occurrences from being forgotten .
That is why I particularly support the demand for the resources needed for continued research into TSE diseases to be made available by the Commission .
It is irresponsible , in view of the experience we had of poor adherence to the ban on feeding ruminants with animal meal , to think at present in terms of lifting the general EU-wide ban on it .
In view of current events in Germany , I favour the strictest controls right along the food production chain .
Madam President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I wish to thank Mr Olsson for his good and critical report , which does a thorough job of highlighting some difficult points .
The precautionary principle , already mentioned by many of my fellow Members , must be adhered to , and the latest medical findings must be taken into account .
Tomorrow we can say only ' Yes ' or ' No ' to the Kyoto Protocol , but it has taken a great deal of work to give us the chance to say ' Yes ' to a comprehensive agreement .
This time , Europe is indeed ahead .
Mr President , I feel particular gratitude for the way you spoke out in favour of us inviting observers from the candidate countries to Parliament and to our groups once the treaties have been signed .
Madam Vice-President Loyola de Palacio , we urge you to pursue this approach with determination .
This is not just about which of us - Commission , Council or Parliament - achieves the most ; on the contrary , our common task is to get Europe moving .
I wish to add to this the demand that Parliament be in future more involved in the adoption of third pillar measures .
I therefore believe that an arrest warrant and a definition of terrorism cannot be enough on their own , and that it is precisely for this reason that we have to concern ourselves very intensively with the other causes of terrorism as well .
Mr President , I wish to point out with some emphasis that certain items in Parliament 's report on the ongoing handling of BSE are having negative effects on Europe 's farmers and I therefore voted against these unrealistic demands , which had been introduced by some elements in the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Policy .
The misery of the Tibetans , the stifling of their religious and cultural life , the merciless persecutions and arrests that have gone on for decades are not forgotten .
It is a false argument , but a systematic one and a deception in the true sense of the word .
Mr President , among the four Post-Nice topics , I consider the role of the national parliaments particularly important because it can prepare a way into the hearts of Europe 's citizens .
These show the right way ahead into the future .
I also say that we do not need a third chamber , something that would bring no added value and would only make the decision-making arrangements as a whole more complicated .
Further to them , though , I would like to elaborate , from my Committee 's point of view , another issue which has almost been pushed into obscurity .
The first point I wish to make , Commissioner , is that we join with you in rejecting the renationalisation of regional policy .
I see this as a great pity , as a core report and a core position on the part of Parliament are just what is needed .
I can save myself the effort of justifying this , as Mr Duin has already done that for me .
Political and economic considerations mean that future cohesion policy must not concentrate exclusively on regions whose development is lagging furthest behind , but it must also take into account the advantages and disadvantages in urban areas , in areas undergoing socio-economic change , in regions with permanent natural disadvantages and also the cross-border dimension .
If we impose the same speed limit on all HGVs , we are pre-programming traffic jams into the motorway system .
After 11 September and during the Afghanistan conflict , the United States had apprehensions about the security aspects of what is a civilian project , but these will be safeguarded .
That will be feasible , technically feasible , but it will also be politically desired and feasible .
No decision on it has as yet been reached .
Mr President , Commissioner , I too would like to thank the rapporteur at the outset for his close cooperation .
What this means is that Galileo is , to some extent , necessary if we are to grow up in the way we approach external policy .
Particularly in rural areas , up to 60 % of women are excluded from education , even from being taught about reproductive health .
Fourthly - and here I pick up on one of the Liberal Mrs Dybkjær 's ideas - this is very much an issue for men too .
I consider it a thoroughly positive thing that we live in a performance-oriented society , one which wants to become the most competitive , the most dynamic and also the most reliant on knowledge .
Here too , I do not share Mrs Smet 's opinion that these candidate countries lag behind on all these points .
Both the Commission and the Council leave no room for doubt that they regard Galileo as a central component of the independence of European defence policy .
There is great danger that raids by terrorists will gain them access to these weapons .
India has demanded that Pakistan expose and extradite the ringleaders behind the attack on the Indian parliament , and it is quite right to do so