That is perhaps a little too diplomatic given the seriousness of the situation .
The situation we are in is quite ludicrous .
I am asking the question because I know that Commissioner Anita Gradin feels very isolated in this matter .
That is the least one can ask if one wants to talk at all about combatting fraud .
I have no doubts that Mr Alber is an excellent lawyer , and I would also like to join in congratulating him both on this report and on his future job .
It is a clear and unambiguous rendition of one of the fundamental principles of EU integration , the principle of supremacy , which even Mr Rack 's students will be able to enjoy reading .
There are certainly others who would also enjoy reading it , including the judges in the Danish Supreme Court , before whom I shall be presenting a case next month .
But , and here come the problems , as integration and the principle of supremacy are extended , the national decision-making processes are weakened .
The national democracies are being undermined , and hopefully , in the course of the next six months , the Danish Supreme Court will deliver a ruling which will send shockwaves through this selfsatisfied system .
Mr President , there are many important views , analyses and conclusions in the Commission 's Green Paper and in Mr Martens ' report , and so the debate should not end today .
First , the Commission says that the negative picture which many have of Africa , as a Continent in disintegration , does not reflect the actual conditions in Africa today .
In other words , it is not hopeless to give help .
Put another way , we have no excuse for not helping .
We can help to give people a life which also provides hope for their children .
The EU has a great responsibility in this respect , partly through combined effort , and partly through the efforts of individual countries .
Thirdly , the poor always pay you back .
I am also saying it because , regardless of all our possible reservations about a regime 's breaches of human rights and our restriction of aid in that context , it must always be our aim to give help where the need is greatest .
Mr President , I would first like to express regret for the fact that Mr Seal has not been present .
Unfortunately , it is an initiative report and not legislative .
As has been mentioned several times today , it is reprehensible that the transport of horses , calves , pigs and sheep still takes place under conditions which time and time again have been exposed in the media , in spite of directives and good intentions .
Out of consideration for the welfare of the animals , it is unacceptable that transport should take place in poorly equipped lorries over enormous distances .
The animals suffer stress and that often leads to suffering and death .
As far as the risk of infection is concerned , the spread of infectious diseases is increased by the long journeys .
We need action in this area .
There is a need for precise , tough requirements for the lorries which are to transport the animals when that is necessary .
There is a need for precise criteria regarding staging points , for example .
But the aim must still be that live animals should not be transported over long distances , and that slaughtering should take place as close as possible to the place where the animal is reared .
Ladies and gentlemen , we have all experienced the feeling of pain .
Therefore it is also necessary for us to show respect for animals , and we can only do that by reducing the suffering they have to go through .
I want to say to the rapporteur and Mr Eisma that there is a problem in the fact that we transport calves from Denmark to the Netherlands to be fattened up , after which they are transported back again .
So I believe that we must all start by looking at the situation in our own countries .
Madam President , I , too , would like to support Mr Medina Ortega 's report .
These are the firms which create Europe 's competitiveness .
Having said that , however , it is also important to say that monopoly status must not be created for individual manufacturers at the expense of consumers .
With its free-for-all clause , the Council has left us in a vacuum , The free-for-all clause will give motor manufacturers a monopoly in the repair market - a monopoly status which means sharp price rises for spare parts .
The Council has thus refrained from giving an opinion on design legislation and in so doing has missed the opportunity to lay down a clear standard which could ensure an effective internal market within the design sphere for spare parts .
It must be for the benefit of Europe 's population and protect firms against non-EU countries .
This is a big task , a balancing process , and monopoly status for the motor manufacturers in spare parts is clearly to the detriment of the population .
It is absolutely essential to remove the free-for-all clause .
I hope that we will get a majority tomorrow to amend the text .
I would like to say on this that in some cases it is the sub-contractor who develops a spare part - and observes the standard - meaning that we have here cooperation between motor manufacturers , sub-contractors , and so on .
Hope has been held out to the unemployed on this , of course ; but I suppose the question is whether it is at