Now to the amendments : the amendments relating to the scope of the directive are particularly important .
The common position has already been worded to reflect the relevant amendments which emerged at first reading and safeguards the necessary proportionality .
As a result , Amendment 47 amending the criteria for classifying facilities under category Α cannot be supported .
A number of amendments refer specifically to the protection of water .
I understand Parliament 's concern , but I believe that this issue is adequately covered by the framework directive on water .
Even though the need for an inventory of these closed sites has now been included in the common position , I have the impression – as I said earlier – that the additional demands imposed by Amendment 40 and the related Amendment 41 can be covered more effectively at national level .
The Commission supports these amendments , which pursue the same objectives as its proposal .
There have been six international accidents which have cost the lives of approximately 625 people since the beginning of 2005 .
The persistent will of the European Commission to liberalise the sector has resulted in deregulation and unbridled competition , all at the expense of citizens ' safety .
It was a sickening sight .
Will the families , some of whom are close friends , tell me what the European Union did to prevent the accident ?
Do you not know that there are ' Mickey Mouse ' airlines in Europe ?
All this , and yet you are closing down national airlines .
Who will fly there in winter ?
This is the philosophy which prevails in the European Union .
Did you send a flight safety expert ?
No one visited the scene of the accident .
So who are the specialists ?
Public opinion in Cyprus has been damaged and is trying to come to terms with the fact that 121 lives were lost , including those of many children , and entire families were wiped out .
I welcome your presence today , which illustrates your sensitivity , and I welcome the measures you have announced .
I therefore call on the European Commission to immediately extend its independent investigation to an examination of all airlines in Europe , to include two additional aspects : First , the very serious matter of the intensification of the working hours of both flying and ground airline staff over recent years , which certainly affects flight safety .
We must not wait for tragedies to happen in order to act ; we must act before they happen .     . – Madam President , I too wish to take my turn in welcoming the Commission proposal and Mrs Pataky 's report .
This was obviously to give the original political agreement between the two administrative members , the European Community and the European Space Agency some sort of corporate form ; a corporate form which , supposedly , would be able to attract private capital .
I call on Parliament to address this weakness and to control the Commission accordingly .     – Mr President , we agree with Mrs Jöns ’ report – and I wish to congratulate her – because we believe that safeguarding high levels of social protection and participation of the workers , at a time when the rules of the market and of profit prevail , is our urgent duty .
The European Parliament can and must have a fundamental role in the monitoring and application of the PROGRESS programme .
Without ignoring the competence of the Member States , efforts are being made to safeguard the and to apply the open method of coordination in the fields of employment , social protection , the organisation and improvement of working times , the fight against discrimination and gender equality .
We are also hoping for measures to combat all forms of discrimination against immigrants and to integrate them by recognising undeclared work , as proposed by the programme .
Secondly , the European Union is preparing to enlarge towards south-east Europe and to start accession negotiations with Turkey , a large country with serious problems in all sectors .
I should like in particular to highlight the need to integrate the gender factor into all sectors in which action is taken , in all evaluations and reviews , both interim and annual , of the PROGRESS programme , as the Committee on Women 's Rights and Gender Equality emphasises in its opinion .
In my opinion , the two major problems against which we need to pit ourselves once more – both the European Parliament and the Commission – in the run up to the review of the directive in the autumn are : Firstly and most importantly , over-concentration of the media , which is damaging pluralism and substantially restricting democracy , as the rapporteur rightly notes .
However , we also have some experience .
The second problem concerns the very defence of European television productions , which are a facet of our European identity and of our European culture .
The European Union is aware of the lack of quality European productions and has set itself the primary objective in the TV without Frontiers Directive of reversing this worrying state of affairs by setting broadcasting quotas in order to promote European and independent productions .
Although this certainly does not contradict the directive , it does not help to create a European audiovisual area , which cannot come about while European viewers have inadequate access to the audiovisual productions of other European countries .
It is our duty to resist the pressure being exerted for a reduction in the regulatory arrangements in the directive , the minimal rules of which have been unable to reverse the deterioration in programme quality .
Despite the fact that , with the application of