, to follow this up in their respective Member States .
First of all , climate change .
Climate change entails enormous costs for ourselves and the rest of the world .
The greatest cost of all is borne by those who live in poor countries .
This is threatened by , for example , accumulations of chemicals in the environment and the ever more widespread resistance to antibiotics .
If this is to function in the long term , then limits must be placed upon traffic congestion , the increase in the amount of traffic and the effects upon the environment .
The European Council takes note of this fact - with particular reference to agriculture and fisheries .
We are very pleased that the European Council shares this view and has emphasised this fact .
That communication , together with the sustainable development strategy put forward in Göteborg , will be the EU' s main contribution to the world summit on sustainable development in Johannesburg next year .
The fact that the European Council in Göteborg approved a sustainable development strategy and also instituted a process for devising and implementing such a strategy therefore constitutes significant progress .
The meeting marks the end of a presidency with which the Commission has cooperated well and which has done a lot , especially within my own area of responsibility .
Dialogue , transparency and participation are the prerequisites of a functioning democracy .
Unfortunately , a small clique of agents provocateurs also caused violence and disturbances .
An investigation has now been set up to look into how that could be possible in Sweden today .
A majority of the European Parliament too appears now to be making the same mistake , since the Council ' s proposal that an open forum should be set up has been rejected and since no substance has been given to the idea of recommending that the next Intergovernmental Conference should be a convention .
I really do not understand this reluctance to open up the EU and to enter into a dialogue with people and with civil society .
I cannot emphasise enough how pleased I am that there is now a fixed timetable for the accession procedure .
How is time now to be found for acquiring grassroots support for a plan and a political process prior to the Rio+10 Conference in South Africa when no practical undertakings have been set out concerning what is to happen to the climate objectives after 2010 , how the depletion of fish stocks is to be prevented and how it might be possible to change our current , devastating agricultural policy ?
Madam President , Sweden is sometimes described as a well organised but not particularly exciting country .
From a political point of view , it has had a low profile .
The Treaty of Nice was to remain in place .
In the run-up to the presidency , Sweden prioritised enlargement , employment and environmental issues .
The EU' s policy of increased employment is often singled out as a 'left-wing project ' designed to counteract the right-wing policy of the currency union .
Work on the most important environmental problem - the climate issue - was effectively sabotaged by the new president of the United States .
The presidency ' s work in combating trafficking in women and in pursuit of peace in the Balkans is also commendable .
This area is a real blot on the Swedish presidency ' s copybook .
Finally , a few words about Göteborg , where small militant groups took the opportunity to attack the police and cause extensive damage .
Irrespective of what these groups purport to stand for , this is behaviour that can never be defended .
What 50 000 people do is , in actual fact , more important than what 300 perpetrators of violence get up to .
I know that almost everyone here in the Chamber shares the regret I feel , but it would have been safer for the future of democracy if we could have been in complete agreement .
Sometimes , the talk is more of how the decision-making processes are to be organised than of what we are to cooperate on and what the EU must not meddle in .
What we say and do here is therefore of less importance than our engaging in greater discussion in our constituencies .
The common currency is so central to EU cooperation that the Social Democratic Party and the Swedish government must take their share of responsibility for Sweden' s becoming a member of EMU.
Since the Swedish presidency was making every effort to be a presidency for the whole of the European Union , what was most important was that we obtain a breakthrough in the enlargement negotiations .
Let us ensure that these practical achievements loom larger than the stone-throwing and hooliganism on the part of the left-wing extremists .
They set their seal of approval on the presidency , and a large headline read , ' Passed with great credit ' .
There is no doubt that this issue was handled very well .
It was a question of passing on the baton in the important process concerning jobs and growth .
When it comes to sustainable development , there are two possible perspectives .
The first involves a comparison with the Commission ' s document and , clearly , not everything from that perspective was achieved .
What is the problem today as far as these environmental issues are concerned ?
I also want to say something about global responsibility .
It is also pleasing that the Swedish people have understood that we are not talking here about some form of militarisation but , on the contrary , about creating peace and stability in a future Europe and the areas bordering upon it .
Yes , but a convention is not enough .
