back to fundamental principles , to rise up and outline for our citizens the horizons of our continent ' s peace-loving organisation , which respects human rights and is founded on a European model of economic and social development .
Bearing this in mind , what do the colours of our buildings ' walls or the pressure of our toilet flushes matter ?
Madam , I would just like to mention that my name is not included in the list of those present .
To do this , then , the Union must invest more in the safety of the food chain , at every stage of the process , and decide , for example - as we have discussed - whether or not it is useful to create this agency , this notorious independent food agency , supposedly inspired by an American model or some other such thing .
There is a long list of scandals which show that , as regards agricultural production , European States have been no more virtuous than their American counterparts , even if they have banned hormones .
Recent examples provide clear evidence of this .
In addition , the use of non-natural components , such as GMOs or hormones must be clearly indicated , even if we want them to be banned .
Finally , Commissioner , Commission President , Madam President , we must present a united front in the discussions we are to have with the United States about our relationships within the context of the WTO .
On the one hand , the economy of African countries is crumbling due to the structural adjustments made necessary by the World Bank and the IMF.
We may speak of a risk of humanitarian catastrophe .
In fact , agreements on intellectual property signed within the framework of the WTO allow for States to authorise the local production and distribution at reduced cost of medicines , which are otherwise protected by patent , in "emergency situations " .
According to the Farmers ' Union in Zimbabwe , the virus is responsible for a drop in production of 60 % for corn and 30 % for animal husbandry .
It is not acceptable .
We must bear these costs because they are actually quite modest compared to what is at stake : around EUR 7 million .
To sum up the situation , and this is what South Africans themselves say , " Apartheid has been defeated in political terms , but it is still very much present in the daily life of millions of people , in economic and social terms . "
Mr President , as a representative of an agricultural country , France , and more importantly of a country which has linked its name and its policies with a particular concept of cooperation with Africa , we cannot go in the direction Mrs Kinnock is leading us , and as a result , we cannot approve the so-called trade and cooperation agreement with the Republic of South Africa , both because of its form and its content .
Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , cooperating with South Africa and helping it to put its under-development behind it should be a fundamental duty for Europe , whose ruling classes greatly benefited in the past from the pillage of that country ' s mineral wealth and from the exploitation of its poverty-stricken masses .
So do not talk to us about neutrality !
Are you committed to using this in the near future to ensure that these prisoners are set free ?
Of course , installing the Internet itself involves costs , but the Commission cannot supply every citizen with free Internet access so that they can then have free access to information .
We have already moved towards a first round table discussion on the initiative of the sports ministers .
Our studies have shown that in most cases , sporting organisations are the ones that young people value most .
We will be taking these steps at a world-wide level in conjunction with the Olympic Committee ; indeed , it is together with this body that we will take our seat within the world-wide agency on drug taking in sport if , as I hope , the decisions go the way we would like them to .
I see that you intend to strengthen greatly relations between the Union and India .
We must also find a way out of the humiliating impasse that we have been keeping Turkey in for years .
Mr President , the impassioned and fascinating nature of the debates held last week in Brussels within our group , as those being held right now in this Chamber show , if proof were needed , the importance of the matter before us today .
The European Union must target this objective .
The two parties have agreed on the implementation of commitment which had previously been signed but which had not been followed up .
There will no doubt be crises , deadlocks , and I wish to say today that it is necessary , and it will , in future , be necessary , to trust the negotiators and , perhaps , within this Parliament , undertake in future months not to proliferate resolutions which offer little instruction , at every hitch along the way .
All we have is an alternative interpretation of the principle of caution : as ever , the Commission places a high priority on the freedom of movement of products , and it is interesting to note that , for once , France is placing a higher priority on the food safety of its citizens .
In fact , considering that the energy efficiency of final consumption has improved until now by approximately 1 % per year , the European Commission advocates a reduction of a further percentage point in the energy efficiency of the final point of demand