face today following a major enlargement that practically doubled the number of Member States .
The common agricultural policy ( CAP ) is one of the European Union 's most important policies , and following the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon , the reform of the CAP , like any new legislation on agriculture , cannot be approved without Parliament 's consent .
I believe that European agriculture needs a common policy that will remain as such to prevent inevitable disparities between Member States and to guarantee that the common agricultural policy ( CAP ) is financed entirely , and fairly , by the European budget .
Agriculture must have a greater role in the EU 2020 strategy , and plans must be set out for intelligent , sustainable and inclusive growth .
The fisheries sector represents a strategic resource within the EU where supplying the population is concerned , and it makes a significant contribution to local development , employment and the preservation of the cultural traditions of coastal communities .
Given that 60 % of internal demand is now met by exports and that it is expected to increase significantly by 2030 , Europe must provide answers to the questions and legitimate concerns of those operating in the sector .
We must also introduce stringent criteria for certifying and labelling in respect of the traceability of products , in order to inform consumers of the geographical origin of products on sale , the conditions under which they were produced or caught and , above all , their quality .
Regulation of this subject is essential in a context in which the level of European self-sufficiency is currently very low , with more than 60 % of demand met by imports .
Agreement between the EC and Pakistan on readmission - Community readmission agreements with third countries ( debate ) Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , eight years after the start of negotiations between the European Commission and Pakistan , an agreement has finally been reached on a readmission procedure for persons residing in the European Union without authorisation .
Above all , the geopolitical position of Turkey makes it an important link between the Mediterranean area , the Middle East , Asia , and the Caucasus and Black Sea regions .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I welcome Mr Kazak 's report which basically tells us that the European Union has a remarkable instrument in its hands to further develop its relations , including its political relations , with Turkey : the commercial policy .
The crucial geo-strategic position of Turkey for the Mediterranean , the Middle East , Central Asia and the Caucasus has already been noted .
The Mediterranean is destined to change and we want to change it together with Turkey , which , according to the International Monetary Fund , is expected to experience growth of some 37 % between now and 2020 , which tells us all we need to know .
I abstained from voting because , although I am in favour of creating an additional 20 permanent posts for staff employed on temporary contracts in the European Anti-Fraud Office , I do not believe that the United Kingdom 's budgetary imbalance should still be corrected today .
E-commerce is vital for the development of the internal market : it removes information barriers , approaching the ideal of perfect competition to the benefit of consumers .
Indeed , I believe that in order to take full advantage of the opportunities offered by the European single market , we should further develop e-commerce , which has the potential to have a positive impact on consumers and on company competitiveness alike .
The recent Commission communication identified future strategies designed to reduce fragmentation and stimulate the growth in e-commerce .
It is important to develop initiatives designed to incentivise businesses to market products via the Internet while safeguarding users , particularly children , with adequate guarantees to ensure security .
The objective we are setting ourselves with the new regulation is to reduce the number of air accidents to a minimum , improve safety standards , fully protect citizens and endeavour , at the same time , to build their confidence in air transport .
Access to sensitive information is regulated with the aim of allowing the competent authorities to call on the cooperation of all those involved in incidents and accidents .
I voted for Mr Vidal-Quadras 's report on the proposal for a regulation as I consider the efforts made to extend coordination of the Member States in order to establish measures to safeguard security of gas supply to be worthwhile .
The report also deserves a positive vote for the precise way in which it addresses certain hitherto unclear key points .
A common approach must not , however , mean a single interlocutor for the supply .
We are all aware of the recent environmental disaster that has struck Pakistan , the massive damage to the land , the damaged crops , the more than 10 million displaced persons and the thousands of dead .
Today , Europeans are asking us for tighter security and a strict policy to control the migratory flows afflicting our countries .
At temporary asylum centres , time is often wasted on obtaining repatriation permits from the country of origin once the citizenship of the person residing without authorisation has been identified , and this leads to the maximum stay being exceeded .
Principles of respect for the universality and indivisibility of human rights and fundamental freedoms are therefore essential priorities , and much work remains to be done in this area .
The topic in question is clearly of a commercial and economic nature but , after all , we cannot ignore the fact that we are talking about a country waiting to join the EU and over whose entry objections have been raised