There is , of course , no doubt about the main message of Mr Verhofstadt ' s statement , of which we were also aware in advance : the integration process is to be consolidated , where that fine up-beat word 'integration ' means more power to the EU institutions and a corresponding weakening of the national democracies .
This is described as a democratic deficit , and it is said that people must reconcile themselves with the EU' s institutions .
What is to be done when , time after time , the people vote against integration on those notably exceptional occasions when they are asked ?
No, it is not .
What is more , the vote was about the same as at the elections to the European Parliament .
However , rhetoric is not enough , as the President-in-Office of the Council so commendably said .
Autocracy must have a democratic façade , however , and the very telling words of the President-in-Office of the Council are designed to reconcile the people to the EU' s institutions .
The Benelux Declaration of 21 June is a frightening example of this process .
It is a so-called structured debate .
The historical model to return to in this case is the Supreme Soviet ' s democracy arrangements .
You say that more than rhetoric is needed here , Mr President-in-Office of the Council .
They received around a quarter of a million refugees , which is a very large number , considering how small a population we are talking about .
I also think that we must take note of the fact that the Albanian population in Albania is not participating in this conflict , presumably because they see a possibility that peace may give them a future .
There is a need for that development throughout this area .
I cannot refrain from reminding you how easy it was for the NATO countries and many EU Member States to find money at the time when the former Yugoslavia was to be bombed .
Where is the same will to find money now that there is a need for reconstruction and for economic and social development in the area ?
It is about finding the means , for that is how the way is also found .
Mr President , it was Mrs Malmström and myself who wrote the reports on human rights last year .
We Liberals support Mr Cornillet ' s desire for the new charter of human rights to be a model and criterion of relevance for this Parliament ' s work on human rights .
There has , of course , been a tendency in this Parliament to make every conceivable subject from the party programmes into human rights issues .
The whole Austria business did a lot of damage , because it was all about opinions and suppositions .
That is why we here in Parliament must make the charter central .
We must guard it like watchdogs .
We must use it in such a way as to resist its being watered down by do-gooders .
As I say , however , we warmly support the two reports as they stand , except with regard to just a few points , and we are grateful for the fact that we have in this way acquired a better organised treatment of human rights for the future .
Mr President , I should like to thank the two rapporteurs for two outstanding reports .
I think it can be said that they complement one another but , above all , they of course form a fantastically good basis for further discussion in Europe .
I , of course , come from Denmark where , in a way , the result of the Irish referendum can be appreciated for what it is .
I do not believe that , for example , it would have been at all possible to implement European monetary union if there had been a referendum in Germany .
So we are all basically faced with the same problem , then , and this is naturally also highlighted by the fact that we in this Assembly and all other assemblies continue to say that there is a lot that needs to be changed and that democracy is getting a poor deal etc .
We could , however , use these two reports as a basis for saying that there is , in fact , something that is very good in Europe .
There really is something that operates outstandingly in Europe .
Where else in the world has that been achieved ?
I think it is a brilliant idea for Mr Cornillet to have taken the charter as a point of departure , for it really does offer a very good yardstick for measuring how the development of our rights here in Europe is proceeding .
I think that climate change is one of the best documented of any of our environmental problems and , at the same time , the biggest threat to the environment and to future generations here on earth .
I think we have to acknowledge that Mr Bush and his administration have shown themselves to be just as primitive and populist as might have been feared .
We must stick by the Kyoto Protocol at the conference in The Hague .
We must ensure that the Member States and the EU are in the vanguard of efforts to get the Protocol ratified so that it can , if possible , come into force next year .
With that in mind , we must naturally try to make Japan stick to this solution .
Experience has shown time and again that when the United States has ended up with what , in our eyes , is a really bad agreement , it fails to honour it when the time comes to implement it .
As quite