Mr President , these military actions are not the right way to put an end to terrorism .
Therefore , ladies and gentlemen , we must make an effort to recover the Palestinian Authority .
At 8 p.m. last night , the representative of all of us , Mr Moratinos , entered Ramallah for the first time and spoke to one of Arafat 's closest advisors , Abu Mazen .
Ladies and gentlemen , not only do we have our representative , Mr Moratinos , permanently on the ground , but also representatives of this Parliament have also been there and have witnessed the situation and needs in situ with their own eyes .
We want at the end of the day to have two States , an Israeli State with fully-recognised and secure borders and a Palestinian State with borders which are also secure and guaranteed , which can live together side by side .
That has also been the offer made by the political leaders of the region in Beirut , where the European Union was present and I had the honour of working in the preceding days in order to reach that resolution .
We believe that the current situation is mistaken and , as friends , we want to say that the sooner it ends the better .
You will all agree with me that the situation in the Middle East is critical .
It is also necessary that any intervention or initiative be rigorously coordinated , especially between the United Nations , the European Union and the main powers involved .
The European Union has made constant efforts to achieve an immediate ceasefire , the withdrawal of Israeli troops from Palestinian towns , the restoration of total freedom of movement for President Arafat , compliance with international law and the return to political negotiations .
As a result of this meeting , as you know , it was decided to send the Presidency and the High Representative , Mr Solana , to the region with the aim of meeting with the parties at the highest level , in order to demand an immediate ceasefire , the application of United Nations Resolutions 1397 and 1402 and the return to negotiations on a political agreement .
Firstly , via the High Representative for the common foreign and security policy addressed to tomorrow 's Madrid Summit .
We are linked to both parties by means of Association Agreements and treaties which imply reciprocal friendship and cooperation .
I urge everybody not to cease in this effort and to use all possible opportunities for dialogue with our Israeli and Palestinian friends and partners to tell them that we are not condemned to endless violence .
We trust that tomorrow 's summit in Madrid , with the Presidency-in-Office of the European Union , the United States , Russia and the Secretary-General of the United Nations , will serve to confirm the strong will and agreement of the sponsors of the peace process that the last resolutions of the United Nations be complied with .
A divided Europe is like having no Europe at all .
Sharon will decide to order a withdrawal when the massacre is finished .
I repeat : without delay .
On leaving that city they have bombed and destroyed the general headquarters of the Palestinian Authority .
But this is not going to happen in 24 hours , it is not going to happen without any mandate .
How can that objective be achieved ?
Finally , I think it is essential that we ask that the Beirut Resolution - which has not been read properly and it should be , since some of its points are very important - should also become a United Nations Security Council Resolution ; that that commitment , this gesture from the Arab world towards Israel 's security should also become a Security Council Resolution .
Therefore , let us understand the problem in depth so that we can resolve it .
The first is with regard to the meeting that will take place tomorrow .
Put simply , and as you are all aware , these measures do not only depend on the determination of the Commission or the Presidency-in-Office , but on that of every Member State of the European Union .
Today 's proposal , which relates to the directive establishing a Community vessel traffic monitoring and information system , is a response to this concern .
We share many of your concerns and we accept all the amendments you have tabled .
This is the first - I do not really want to call it an anomaly - but , in short , the first issue that , from Parliament 's point of view , I would like to draw your attention to .
I hope that tomorrow the vote in Plenary will basically support the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market 's position , which is a position we reached after debating and discussing for many hours the following three fundamental issues that are the key elements of this Community patent : Firstly , the role of the national patent authorities .
As rapporteur , and with reality in mind , given that English is much more than the language of one State of the European Union , that it is the lingua franca of research , I proposed the use of English alone .
Firstly , as Mrs Palacio Vallelersundi pointed out , a Community such as ours is important in relation to the role of the National Patent Offices .
The European Parliament can only give a recommendation , using recital 2 , with regard to Article No 5 .
The rapporteur , Mr Florenz , has had a difficult task in his attempt to produce a solid and effective proposal that can be accepted by all parties concerned .
Mr President , ladies and