I would also like to thank the draftsmen of the opinions of the various committees involved , particularly Mrs Guinebertière , Mrs Boogerd-Quaak , Mr Virrankoski , Mr Papakyriazis and Mr Christodoulou .
I think it is important to enhance the programmes ' complementarity with the Structural Funds with a view to developing and broadening the scale of the results obtained within the framework of the programmes , particularly Socrates and Leonardo .
It reflects the reality of the student population in the Member States .
We welcome , too , the amendments on the specific efforts that must be made in order to provide for the creation of a structure aimed at promoting young people 's projects , information , background material on youth and dialogue with all young people , as proposed by Mrs Guinebertière .
This is important as it will allow you to continue to provide , to the very end , the continuous political support that Parliament has given to these programmes , which directly affect citizens and provide them with specific opportunities to participate in the Europe of knowledge that we have begun to build together .
We also accept the amendments that aim to guarantee the provision of adequate information and broader accompanying measures in relation to the conditions under which the European pathway is completed , particularly as regards occupational health and safety , among other things , in cases where those undergoing training complete their European pathway in a company .
I would like to thank Mrs Waddington for drawing my attention to this essential aspect , which is also a key factor in ensuring the success of the European pathway .
Indeed , I am not opposed to the proposal for a directive , which aims to eliminate the derogation for agricultural products and game in Article 2 of the Council Directive of 25 July 1985 on the approximation of the laws , regulations and administrative provisions of the Member States concerning liability for defective products .
We are once again violating the rules governing the operation of the European institutions .
The European Union should not be indifferent to this state of affairs as it means that artists who belong to subsidised groups living in the pockets of the cultural authorities tend to have a monopoly on artistic production and dissemination .
Nevertheless , as implementation of this ambitious and promising project would require significant funding , the ARE Group supports the rapporteur 's proposal to increase the finance to ECU 250 million .
Similarly , we must ensure that sufficient finance is provided for the proper functioning of the programme .
I agree with the proposal to widen the scope of the Socrates programme to include adults who have left the education system without qualifications .
So reintroducing exchanges among the young and giving them the necessary funding is a very good thing .
To allow our young people to come to know the diversity of our respective heritages against a background of fundamental unity , to allow them to immerse themselves in a common culture , not only out of love for the past but in order to equip them spiritually and intellectually to face today 's great challenges together , would be a noble aim to promote .
On this occasion , the Council discovered that at the Amsterdam European Council the Heads of State or Government were made to say all sorts of things in the Final Act without being aware of what was happening .
This ruling by the Court , and the position of the European institutions in general , sheds a very interesting light on the debate on the ratification of the Amsterdam Treaty .
Is the IPE4 , which is still a 'forbidden city ' , something out of a science fiction novel ?
I am in a situation where I feel totally schizophrenic and , although I am a doctor , I am having trouble sorting myself out .
In fact , we believe that , far from clarifying the debate on the 1996 discharge , this report only makes the issue more confusing .
The Court of Auditors has drawn up around 40 special reports over the last four or five years and Parliament has given its opinion on 10 reports in this House .
As such , we must now look at this in the context of the refusal to grant discharge and I am calling on the general rapporteur for the discharge to propose a decision to this effect .
The report by Mrs Cederschiöld rightly stresses the need for the Council to propose concrete measures and to involve the applicant countries that hope to join the European Union in whatever prevention measures might be established by the Council .
I therefore believe that we must look at the problems facing us and begin to tackle the real issues .
The findings are incredible : the Court of Auditors shows that , since the last audit , the amount of revenue lost has doubled to ECU 70 billion .
What this means in practical terms is that from now on during each redundancy or period of inactivity , a compulsory period of paid training should automatically begin , one that more than just fills a gap .
However , I did say that we needed to make some changes , as we said earlier , to bring it back into line with the text proposed by the rapporteur .
We therefore welcomed the fact that this amendment was tabled again .
Moreover , we must remember once again that we should class all pornography as illegal , not only child pornography .
We also need to encourage 'the absorption of laws and values in the family socialisation process ' and , finally , we need to maintain a feeling of belonging to a neighbourhood so as to form a 'sense of local area' , which will encourage