of State and Government with regard to the Commission 's proposal on charges for trans-frontier money transfers is surely a step in the right direction .
Bilateralism , if you want to call it that , or undeclared intensified cooperation , laid bare the weaknesses that still handicap the European Union 's effectiveness vis-à-vis the rest of the world .
So we need the European Rapid Reaction Force .
On the contrary , we are sticking to what we agreed .
I hope we will reach the point where this can be established and that a Council of European Ministers - as I wish to call it for the sake of simplicity - conceived along these lines , will also be able to coordinate the work of the various Councils .
That is why it is extraordinarily important that we really do tackle many of Mr Poos ' proposals in this area , which can be realised by simple amendments to the Rules of Procedure and without Treaty amendments .
Mr Poos has produced useful and valuable suggestions as to how such a reform might now be possible without the need for a new European Treaty .
With Qatar , there is the additional factor that we must make a start and genuinely involve all the developing countries , not only the representatives of the least developed , in the negotiations .
It seems , however , that well-intentioned appeals are not going to prevent it from going down this path .
I trust , Commissioner Lamy , that you are in a position to achieve this , working together with your colleague Bob Zoelleck , but also with the many other negotiating partners that you have .
Mr President , President-in-Office of the Council , Mrs Neyts-Uyttebroeck , Commissioner Lamy , ladies and gentlemen , we need more and not , as has been called for several times , less , international cooperation .
Commissioner , if the decision-making process in the WTO is not made more transparent and democratic then , in the long term , the people of the WTO Member States will not stand for it , because we cannot have nation states increasingly referring crucial issues to the competent supranational organisation , while parliaments and , therefore , also society at large remain prevented from exercising their democratic right to monitor and participate in its work .
On this basis , I think that we should press on with developing a European security and defence policy once the necessary conditions for doing so are in place .
We will not be successful in terms of prevention and civil crisis management and we will not continue to play a key role in foreign policy , but will just be passive observers , including in our relations with Russia and the United States of America , if we do not plausibly demonstrate that we have our own military capability .
We should never abandon our aim of securing respect for human rights in the medium and long term when we have to form a strategic alliance , because if you support the shahs of today you will get the Ayatollah Khomeinis of tomorrow .
Many Commission officials will in any case very soon be unemployed because the enlargement negotiations in the Commission are as good as closed in some areas .
We should not allow there to be any blackmail on this issue .
The state of emergency could then be lifted relatively quickly in the provinces in which it is still in force .
Is this a genuine reform ?
It is not in a position to expect political discounts .
First , the question of the death penalty which has not , I think , been adequately evaluated in the House this evening .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the Commission welcomes the broad agreement in this debate on Turkey 's progress .
Our relations have progressed well since Helsinki .
What we need is the political courage to grab this opportunity and resolve the Cyprus question now .
The proposed amendments are acceptable to us .
Other parts of the world have not been blessed with peace in the last 50 years .
We are still in shock from the horror of 11 September .
I only have the English text with me now .
Nevertheless , in the short term there will be tremendous pressure as they adjust to specific problems arising out of the very different levels of development , especially in the social field .
But I would like to stress that the figure proposed by the Commission is much too small .
It can also be calculated in advance .
I also consider Amendments Nos 1 , 6 , 9 , 22 , 36 and 37 superfluous or pointless in the context of the regulation .
I cannot therefore agree to those amendments .
In some areas there is a consensus , in some I shall pass your concerns on to the Council even though I cannot formally accept the amendments in their present form , and unfortunately there are also amendments which I am unable to accept because I do not have the authority to approve the funding .
Our conclusions form part of the White Paper on transport policy up until the year 2010 .
It makes no difference whether you are a member of the European Union or not .
I would like to add that the question of working hours is particularly important for lorry drivers , as is the matter of controls , because it does not matter how good the rules are that we adopt if these things are not enforced .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to begin by thanking you for your contributions to this debate ; they were all very constructive and sought to find a solution to this very grave problem .
