the end of this process that the European Council will be able to decide which path to take ; in other words - not to take anything away from Ireland 's decision - no Member State should deprive the others of freely expressing their position .
The PPE members of my Group firmly believe that the Lisbon Treaty , which was the subject of long negotiations and which was signed by the 27 Member States , is a major step forward in comparison to the Nice Treaty .
Look at the anger of farmers or small-scale fishermen who are in dire straits .
If the European Union , the European Parliament , the Commission and the Council were to provide the development aid that is so essentially needed then perhaps we would be entitled to react in this way , but we are not there yet .
This is quite simply unacceptable and contrary to the values that Europe claims to represent .
If this decision has meant transforming DG FISH into DG MARE it does not necessarily mean that the European Union is determined to see an end to those resources that our fishermen have to continue to exploit in the seas and oceans .
Finally , we would like to see the Member States assuming full responsibility of their own and ending the demagogic practice of promising money they do not have without putting forward any sustainable policies for the fisheries industry . on behalf of the ALDE Group . - ( FR ) Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , now it is my turn to extend greetings to you this evening .
The sector is currently experiencing real difficulties and it is now time for us to sit up and take notice , for this sector is capable of producing high-quality meat and milk and it plays a key role in ensuring the natural upkeep and improvement of the local terrain , which also includes reducing the risk of fire and natural disasters .
I would point out that a delegation representing all of Parliament 's political groups stated unanimously , on 2 June in East Jerusalem , and I quote : ' we strongly feel that without serious signs of good faith translated into tangible improvements on the ground , the time is not yet right to upgrade EU-Israel relations ' .
Now , by July 2008 , we have already spent EUR 365 million .
It has thus been possible to understand and discuss the priorities of the parliamentary committees and political groups .
How can we hope to solve the problems associated with developing multilateral relations , problems of hunger in the world or the consolidation of democracy , and not propose an increase ?
We have a margin of at least EUR 2 billion .
The US aircraft manufacturer is also in violation of the 1992 bilateral agreement , since it received subsidies that were prohibited under this agreement .
That debate was particularly lively , notably on the topic of the integrated approach .
Chairman of the Committee on Fisheries - ( FR ) Ladies and gentlemen , we have indeed received this request for the urgent procedure and it was considered by the Committee on Fisheries at the special meeting held here at 10 o'clock .
Marwan Barghouti , the instigator and writer of the prisoners ' document , has been held in Israel since April 2002 .
If we are to have a real common visa policy , it is essential that Member States study the feasibility of the other options proposed before resorting to outsourcing .
These are measures for regulating the market , and they are very welcome , although unfortunately we cannot expect miracles in this area in the very short term .
Of course , as President-in-Office of the Council , I have a great responsibility , but the responsibility of all pro-Europeans is the same .
First observation : we have an institutional problem .
Therefore , on 21 July , for the first time as President-in-Office of the Council , I will go to Ireland to listen , engage in dialogue and try to find solutions .
Of course I do not regret enlargement .
Europe has paid dearly for being divided by a wall of shame .
Now I would like to say something about this word 'protection ' . Since ancient times , whenever people have elected a government , it was so that this government would protect them .
Europe must set an example .
That is not a matter of protectionism ; it is a matter of fairness , justice and refusing to be naive .
Any worker from any EU country can come and work in France .
I am well aware that there is a lot of disagreement surrounding this issue , but let me tell you what I believe .
Ladies and gentlemen , may I appeal to your common sense .
Ladies and gentlemen , there are a number of social directives that President Barroso did well to put on the agenda .
The world does not have to bow down to one language and one culture .
I would like to end with this because it is very important to me .
We are having a debate .
We ask each Member State to refrain from any one-upmanship and to act responsibly .
I would like Europe and the French Presidency to make an effort to help them through these difficult times .
Let us have a European Pact on Immigration and Asylum , then .
We need to have a discussion with the Irish ?
Its strong point , in relation to the usual tenors of the Union , is that it does not say that Europe is doing well and that it should continue along these lines when increasing numbers of Europeans think that it is doing badly and that things should change