that it is difficult to develop new types of alternative fuels and vehicles because we have already built ourselves into a traditional system based on petrol-driven engines .
However , the fact that methane emissions are over the limit threatens to put a stop to the project and , in that way , to technical development .
I am delighted with this , and my feeling is that we think the same way on this question , which was framed before we had seen the preliminary budget .
This is an incredibly important question when it comes to creating solidarity in Europe , not only among the present Member States but also among the candidate States , which are otherwise at great risk of falling behind in this context .
I really do believe that this is a major priority for us now , and time flies .
It may appear as an insignificant detail , given the number of rules governing the internal market , but Swedish alcohol policy has proved itself to be successful in combating harm caused by alcohol .
This policy will , of course , become more difficult to implement without the protection of import restrictions , which is the reason why Sweden has wished either to retain the derogation on a permanent basis or , as the Swedish Government has now agreed with the Commission , at least to be given a number of additional years in which to phase out the derogation .
There is also alarming intelligence about illicit distilling , smuggling etc .
It is not certain that there is a need to go right down to those levels which prevail on the European continent , but it will probably become necessary to take a few steps in that direction .
Excessive alcohol consumption is a public health problem to which attention also needs to be paid at European level .
For the Scandinavian countries , there is , of course , the risk that a sudden change in the patterns of consumption might lead to many people ' s also adopting European patterns of beer and wine consumption on top of the old tradition of schnapps drinking , with serious health problems as a consequence .
I believe in a vigorous long-term campaign to provide information , influence attitudes and promote education in schools , within the health care sector and among road users , and I believe especially in the public education carried out by national campaigning organisations etc .
In that way , we should in fact achieve the double aim of , firstly , adapting to the rules of the internal market and , secondly , preventing any harm this might entail by obtaining the time to provide Sweden with a more aggressive alcohol policy .
For a long time , this policy successfully held its own against influence from outside .
The new agreement now in the offing between the Swedish Government and the EU would involve a gradual increase in import quotas .
On the contrary , Mr Maaten makes it perfectly clear that alcohol must also begin to be dealt with as a public health issue .
Border trade between Sweden and its neighbours is flourishing .
Now is the time to find new solutions .
In the long term , phasing out the rules on imports means phasing out Swedish alcohol policy .
It is extremely important to clarify the EU' s own policy on this question .
Article 152 and Article 95.3 of the Treaties talk of how important it is to have a high level of protection , and Article 30 in actual fact permits restrictions on imports , partly on the grounds of people ' s health .
Sweden has chosen another method , a successful method where alcohol policy is concerned .
According to this plan , States should impose more tax on alcohol , and there should also be higher minimum taxes on alcohol within the EU.
Madam President , Mr Maaten' s report states that alcohol is the second most important health factor within the EU after tobacco and that alcohol abuse is growing and giving rise to more and more illness , together with growing social and economic problems in a whole range of EU countries .
Instead of Sweden' s now being forced to phase out its approach to health policy in order to adapt to the EU , it ought to be the opposite way around : namely , the EU should model its policy on Sweden' s and try to get to grips with the growing alcohol problems .
I hear that many of my fellow MEPs are adopting the same view , namely that Sweden should , for example , give in , even if there are reasons in terms of health policy for taking an entirely different direction .
The Swedish Government knew that this derogation was to expire after six months , but all too little has been done to overcome the alcohol abuse which exists .
The Swedish alcohol monopoly now opens on Saturdays and at more locations .
I am concerned about this inability to get to grips with the real problems .
I would say to Göran Färm that there has been ample time to do something about this situation .
Instead , it is only the tax base to which close attention has been given .
In the 1994 referendum on Swedish membership of the EU , Swedish citizens were told that the derogations could be extended beyond the year 2000 .
The temperance movement and many citizens , including myself , were satisfied with that .
Through the Commissioner responsible , Mr Bolkestein , the European Union should now nonetheless normalise the conditions which enable the Member States to continue to pursue national , democratically determined alcohol policies .
Is that a level consistent with moderate consumption ?
