them .
I think we need to emphasize that , now more than ever , it is necessary for us to have openness in our decision-making procedures , and I would therefore call on the Commissioner to look favourably on this proposal .
Mr President , the Liberal Group will be voting in favour of the committee 's amendments .
Like other speakers , I shall now also focus on the declarations .
The art was to steer a course between friend and foe ; secretiveness was the order of the day , and in any case there were no ordinary people involved to consider asking for advice .
Most recently , we have seen it in connection with this directive , which is a long and complicated one in itself , and therefore in a sense could accommodate everything .
The Council 's many secret declarations show that people in the Council still believe that European cooperation is something which should be dealt with by a small élite .
One might imagine that the many surveys of public opinion , which all point to a lack of public support , might lead the Council to think differently .
It is incredible that it should be necessary to remind the Council that the development of democracy - and not least the developments in the EU - have meant that openness and the involvement of the population have become a necessary - though not of course sufficient - precondition for legitimizing the decisions which are taken .
The Council 's argument is that the declarations only serve to clarify the legal text , but why then are they so secret ?
It would certainly have been reasonable for them to be incorporated into the preamble or elsewhere , and then perhaps they would have been more immediately comprehensible .
The Council 's approach is therefore directly undermining the whole legitimacy of the EU.
I should also like to thank the Commission for its communication and the rapporteur for all the work he has done .
What are we actually getting out of this legislation which can be so troublesome ?
What are we getting out of it in practice ?
I therefore think it would be a good thing if we could have one or two indications from the Commission as to how much it wishes to carry through and implement at the present time , and above all what kind of timetable it has , because Mrs Jackson has quite rightly said that we are rather concerned about the legislation in the environment sector .
And will we even be able to get the existing laws applied in the new countries within a reasonable period of time ?
However , I therefore think it is important for us to establish a rather stronger and tougher line towards the Member States .
In my view , it is an extremely important part of this whole process for us to be able to see whether in fact environmental legislation has been notified , so that at least the texts are in order , but what is of course just as important is for us to start actually monitoring legislation on the environment in practice .
This is the really weak point in the Union .
The last point I should like to raise is the question of the right to bring legal actions .
I believe it is important for us to support the widest possible right to bring legal actions , since NGOs and individuals in the various countries will be our best allies if we are to determine how environmental legislation is being implemented in practice , as the Commission has in a way also indicated .
Madam President , the Liberal Group sets great store by three paragraphs in the resolution by Mr Collins which we regard as very important .
I should like to hear the Commission 's response to this proposal in our resolution , because thorough and timely application of Article 171 is something which has hitherto been absent .
I know that it has gone as far as calculating the size of any possible fine , but I have not yet seen - and this may be because I am not well enough informed - any proposals or guidelines as to when the first action is to be brought against a country under Article 171 , so that we can ensure that crime does not pay in the environment sector .
Personally , I would like to see declarations abolished altogether , but as long as the declarations are there , they should at least be published .
Finally , my third point concerns paragraph 4 of the motion for a resolution , which refers to the publication of an annual report on contraventions in the environment sector .
We could perhaps draw up a kind of league table - I am not sure how many of those present are football players - a league table of countries which comply with the rules , and thus provide a little competition between the countries .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , reading the Tindemans report has left me with some positive impressions .
I am thinking here of paragraphs 20 to 32 , which describe the tasks relating to peace and stability .
I have also taken particular note of the reference to the Baltic .
I do not care greatly for paragraph 6 on the European corps and paragraphs 33 to 38 involving the defence policy .
I am extremely concerned that we must learn to walk before we can run , as the saying goes .
There is indeed reason to welcome the cooperation which has been established in the Baltic between Member States , non-aligned countries and NATO countries .
As regards the Balkans , I would like to say that there is still a greater need for peaceful economic efforts than for military ones