consideration .
I would like to clearly point out what will be changed by these two initiatives when they are adopted by the Laeken European Council : firstly , Europe will cease to 'show solidarity with ' and instead be 'responsible for ' .
I would , therefore , ask you , ladies and gentlemen , to reflect upon this tomorrow before you vote .
I certainly welcome the fact that , today , we are finally debating these two reports : the Watson report and the Gebhardt report , although it is unfortunate that this should be a consequence of the tragic events of 11 September in the United States .
Madam President , I come from a country that has been stunned by the most atrocious totalitarian horror , which seeks to spread terror by indiscriminate and relentless killings .
I also hope that the Council will take Parliament ' s wishes into consideration .
I am pleased to be able to tell you that the Commission is , generally speaking , in agreement with the report , given that it supports our intention of introducing common security standards for civil aviation in the European Union , of establishing a Community inspection system aimed at checking the effectiveness and uniformity of these standards , and , therefore , and on this point I insist , at improving the security measures that , as Mr Wiersma or Mr Markov pointed out , are absolutely necessary and urgent .
To tell the truth , it was not supported by the majority of States in the European Union .
Amendment No 9 suggests that the results of the Community inspection reports should be sent to each airline .
I think , however , that in the near future , in March , we could be in a position where we have a text , slightly late , it must be said , but if this results in a better quality text and better proposals , this is not such a serious issue , since some of the methods we have discussed here are already being directly implemented by Member States .
We should pay tribute to the determination shown by Mrs Theato who chairs that Committee and is one of the rapporteurs .
The House needs to give due consideration to this office .
This is why I have ventured to voice some criticism here today , Mr President .
I agree with her that it is important to make low-sulphur fuels available as soon as possible .
For the reasons I adduced earlier , however , a degree of flexibility should be afforded to certain countries .
This is particularly so if the agreement is being signed with Egypt , which is such an important country .
We believe the Egyptian government should take this fully into account .
As far as the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia is concerned , Mr Farm has made it quite clear that we are dealing with two distinct issues .
The International Monetary Fund has therefore informed us of the short-term financial requirements , and of the need for increased contributions by the various donors to cover the foreign financing deficit for the years 2001 and 2002 .
A Commission mission charged with assessing progress achieved is in Sarajevo this week .
According to information received from the International Monetary Fund , however , it is clear that additional external financing will be required to eliminate the further financing deficit of EUR 150 million .
The two elements are quite separate and I think the processes for using them correctly , in cases that might arise , should remain distinct .
We are not favourably inclined , either , to the comment that this assistance is exceptional and will not set a precedent for the future .
I simply wished to give some indication as to our initial position .
In turn , a higher level of disease aggravates the degree of poverty .
A lot of time and energy went into it .
In our view , the additional nature of the contribution to the Fund is a key issue .
Parliament cannot abrogate its responsibilities as a budgetary authority .
Today they are presenting us with visions of the future as if they were already realities , when really they are still only promises .
Those are the two modifications I would propose to the English version .
We are going to try to make it clear through our explanations of vote that the recourse to Article 40 is just a way of saying that those who do not wish to be involved in the commitment made by the Council on 21 September and 19 October are going to be isolated .
The European Parliament has closed its eyes .
Both islands are part of one country , Indonesia .
Madam President , I would like you to express , on behalf of my group , firstly our support for the President of the European Council , Mr Verhofstadt , who will go to Rome tomorrow to try to resolve this unacceptable situation ; secondly , to express our support for the Commission , which has exercised its right to initiative responsibly and with a sense of duty .
Madam President , both myself and my party have been seriously slandered in some sections of the Spanish media , since , through illness , I was not able to attend the last part-session in Brussels , where a debate and a vote were held on Mr Watson ' s report , which I fully supported through various press releases which were sent to all the Spanish media 24 hours before the debate and the vote , and which were systematically hushed up .
By coincidence , this week 's agenda features a joint debate on the area of freedom , security and justice , requiring straightforward involvement by Parliament on human rights