According to Europol statistics , more than 50 % of the synthetic drugs circulating in Europe are produced in the Netherlands .
The importance of these studies wanes , however , when one considers the background of this unit 's former director .
We politicians have to be conscious of our responsibilities and act in accordance with them .
It had better do so too , because the Union is aiming to become the world 's leading knowledge-based society within seven years .
I do not believe it will .
Because the Member States are not implementing the jointly agreed decisions under the Lisbon strategy .
Moreover , the information-based economy is an issue connected with that very thing , information .
We might say that brains that have been softened over the years by soap operas and television action series are our opponent in this .
Euronews is a good objective .
Other important matters include ties with everyday life , and , of course , the visitors service .
This makes it difficult to establish a common defence policy .
Germany , France , Belgium and other like-minded countries could embark on a programme of close and mutual military cooperation within the framework of NATO and establish a Defence Community that would act as a strong European pillar of NATO .
The other EU Member States , both those that belong to NATO and the neutral countries , would play a role in ensuring that the transatlantic relationship is preserved and strengthened .
The creation of a Defence Community could lead to even more universal internal differentiation in the Union on the basis of the ideas that leading French and German experts and politicians have been proposing for years .
The Iraq war has also highlighted differences between the Member States resulting from their history , geopolitics and political priorities .
It would nevertheless seem at present that NATO 's importance is dwindling and that Europe should take more responsibility for its own security and defence policy .
It is not enough that we should set ambitious goals .
We must also be resolved and practical .
Unfortunately , however , things appear to be moving in the opposite direction and the intergovernmental option has gained strength .
It is realistic to work on the assumption that there will be differences within the Union with regard to how quickly things progress , as has also been the case with Schengen and Economic and Monetary Union .
The Greek Foreign Minister , Mr Papandreou , has put forward a proposal for such a scheme .
Madam President , according to General Morillon 's report , there is a desire for the European Union to militarise and furthermore let the advocates of peace pay for it .
A special Article on the issue of solidarity is being written into the Constitution , according to which the Member States undertake , among other things , to combat the threat of terrorism .
The most militaristic countries will be able to give one another guarantees of security in the form of a declaration or protocol in the spirit of Article 5 of the WEU.
I would like to remind everyone that there are countries in the EU that do not want to be part of any military alliance .
You completely failed to answer the question I put .
I wish that when you come here to Parliament you would read the question and answer what is asked .
Please answer the question .
This is a vast subject , so I will just focus on one detail : the processing of stem cells .
Investors were in expectant mood .
In the end what is actually discovered in the research studies does not matter that much .
While we waited for the hype , the fact that there was also an alternative to the cloning of embryonic stem cells - treatment with adult stem cells - was entirely overlooked .
Recently , however , studies have also opened up promising possibilities in the use of adult stem cells .
Multipotent stem cells can only produce the cells of a certain tissue type , such as nerve , liver or blood cells .
This would mean that there would be no need to make stem cell chains from human embryos after all .
We Christian Democrats say an emphatic 'yes ' to research , at the same time wishing to preserve the sanctity of human dignity right from its frail beginnings .
I myself have been happy to follow the line taken by my own group 's shadow rapporteur , my colleague Karl-Heinz Florenz .
This might perhaps sounds unnecessarily solemn , considering that we are talking about washing detergents , but when you think about the effects on the environment , this everyday matter is important .
I believe consumer behaviour in the future will have the most significant impact on the environmental load caused by detergents .
Firstly , how much to use depends on the hardness of the water .
This may differ many times over between the hardest and the softest water areas .
The amount of laundry and how soiled it is also affects dosage .
Another factor that makes the problem of correct dosage harder is the growing market in concentrates .
For this reason we should indeed support the switch-over to concentrates , but only if the consumer knows how to use them correctly .
I hope that will happen .
They literally cannot wash their hands of this matter now .
Mr President , the previous energy framework programme terminated at the end of last year .
The new programme includes fewer separate programmes , so that is good .
In the new programme resources are being increased , the overall sums involved will increase and the fact that a five-year programme is being replaced by one lasting four years will mean that additional cash is available each year