regard what is best for the child as their guiding principle .
I have been concerned about the studies that have been recently published on the children of migrants .
This is a regrettable situation and has led to very poor educational standards and school results among the children of migrants .
We should also ensure that schools have adequate resources , by which I mean quantitative resources in terms of teaching staff and also financial resources , and we need to take responsibility for the development of teacher training and , furthermore , in-service teacher training .
I know that this is an issue that falls within the competence of each Member State , but it is also through transparent coordination on the part of the European Parliament and the European Union that we should encourage the Member States to act , because I believe that we all want migrant children to have a good education and be able to integrate into society .
This way we can avoid the regrettable trend in social exclusion that we are witnessing today in the case of many migrant children .
It is also a matter of concern from the point of view of the free movement of labour within the European Union that people residing in the Member States of the EU will not want to move to another country or work abroad because it is impossible to arrange good , proper schooling and good quality teaching for their children there .
Their name is ' Today ' , not ' Tomorrow' , and so I hope that we in the European Union will be able to share the common principle whereby every child has the right to an integrated , secure tomorrow and a good education .
With regard to the Ecolabel , I consider two principles to be crucially important .
The chemical industry , in particular , has been promoting a policy where the Ecolabel should be used for products that merely conform to present laws .
For example , some time ago it tried to promote the Ecolabel for textiles in which there were fireproof chemicals which had already been banned in electrical equipment .
We are to have legislation that will enable consumers to be confident that a product contains no carcinogenic chemicals or chemicals that could adversely affect their ability to have children .
It is also important that the label 's criteria are dynamic , so that they will become stricter as and when we are able to produce more environmentally-friendly products .
If and when the Ecolabel is extended to food sometime in the future , to fish for example , it will be important that the criteria do not just cover the way the food has been produced but also the other environmental effects associated with it , such as transport .
I would like to point out that the Community 's Ecolabel will establish a common basis for its use , but it should not be allowed to prevent other kinds of labelling .
I think it is important that we should be able to attach a label to a product showing it has been produced in the country in which it is being sold , and I disapprove of the Commission 's position in banning that in Community-financed campaigns .
( The sitting was suspended at 10.35 and resumed at 11.00 . )
Mr President , the report on the prohibition of illegal logging , which was adopted by a large majority in the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Food Safety , is a balanced one .
In addition to environmental problems , illegal logging impairs the competitiveness of legal operators in the forestry sector and causes countries to lose huge amounts in income .
It is also based on references to documents and the EU Treaty .
The most problematic issue is transparency .
The Council is fairly unwilling to discuss the implementation of the budget with the Committee on Budgetary Control , and it is not keen to hand over the documents requested either .
As far as I can see , it is this very lack of cooperation that has forced the Committee on Budgetary Control to propose that discharge should be postponed , and not so much the way funds have presumably been administered .
Member of the Commission . - Mr President , the results of the London G20 Summit are substantial .
Let me provide you with the Commission 's concise assessment of the outcome , and of subsequent actions concerning these three broad action lines .
First , it is clear that the leaders agreed to do whatever it takes to restore growth , and for the moment the first and foremost priority is to restore the channels for credit flows .
It was also agreed to implement the announced economic stimulus measures without delay , and the EU 's coordinated fiscal stimulus of over 3 % - maybe closer to 4 % - of GDP is substantial for Europe itself and provides a key contribution to the G20 short-term macroeconomic response to the crisis .
Trade protectionism is a potential threat in any global recession .
The G20 took a major step towards the global regulatory convergence that Europe has long been calling for .
Thus , in the future there should be no hiding place in any part of the world for fiscal free riders .
We welcome , in particular , the reference to the end of banking secrecy .
Overall , concerning financial regulation , more progress has been made now than over the whole of the last decade .
Some countries have followed the EU and Japan 's lead in pledging resources to the IMF , but more pledges are necessary , in particular from the United States and China