Ombudsman and the report by Mrs De Esteban Martín , although I need say very little about the latter .
I myself have been in contact with him and have met many other people who have approached his office .
And now they have a place to which they can turn .
The situation has in fact been developing for quite some time .
Many ordinary citizens feel the Commission to be a powerful institution , but one which is closed , insensitive - and sometimes simply arrogant .
When they approach the institution directly , people find it hard to obtain answers and information .
The idea of a code of good administrative practice is therefore to be welcomed .
They must be able to have their say - publicly , where necessary .
Two aspects require particular attention , beginning with the financial parameters .
An immediate increase in resources is therefore necessary .
A variety of costs can be identified when considering the causes of environmental deterioration .
Major differences exist at present between the EU Member States ; both the White Paper and the report highlight this .
Everyone would surely agree on the need to seek a fair basis for calculating Eurovignette charges , motorway tolls and so on .
And there is undoubtedly good reason to try to harmonise rules and provisions within the transport sector , not least in order to ensure that the single market operates better in future than it does today .
Until people take this fact on board , we are never going to have fair conditions of competition .
The PPE Group has tabled a number of amendments to counter such effects , but so far we have received no support .
Unless such support is forthcoming today , I can see no way of backing the committee 's proposal as it has been presented .
Niger is now in a very tense situation in the wake of the coup d 'état and the murder of its President on 9 April .
All we as Members of the European Parliament can do is to call upon the Commission to cease cooperation under the Lomé Convention and to implore Niger 's self-appointed leadership to abide by the constitution , return power to a civilian government , and respect human rights and civil liberties .
The situation today is different from what it was 20 or 30 years ago , in that many older people in society are now in better health .
My view is that policy for senior citizens should be dealt with primarily at national level ; it is to national legislation that we should turn .
Social legislation is perhaps the most important instrument available to a country , since its effects are felt by people in their everyday lives .
We in the European Parliament are quite entitled to our views , but rather than 'calling ' for action , we would perhaps be better advised to 'recommend ' or 'suggest ' . There is however one area where we do have considerable scope for improving the lives of senior citizens in very practical ways , and I am thinking here of how we can use the machinery of European cooperation to ensure mutual recognition of acquired social rights such as sickness pay and pensions .
When it comes to legislation and its implementation , however , action must be taken nationally , regionally and locally .
In the year 2000 , over 20 million people will be in their eighties .
I personally found this one of the most rewarding events I have attended during my time as a Member of the European Parliament .
From my point of view , the most important elements in this text are contained in recitals D and E. Here the point is made that , just because a person has reached pensionable age , he or she does not have to stop leading an active life .
Paragraph 7 contains a series of ideas as to how our vision of the labour market and senior citizens can be rendered more flexible and up to date .
There is a reference to promoting innovative forms of transition between work and retirement , for example a whole new model of part-time working for older persons .
Many people simply cannot carry on working until they are 65 , whilst others can continue until they are 70 or more , and are happy to do so .
Here in the House , we nearly always adopt a pro-human rights position precisely against discrimination on the grounds of race , sex , religion or sexual orientation .
Mr President , taking up your reply to Mrs Eriksson , in which you explained the reason for not showing the exhibition Ecce homo here in Parliament , I now wonder how it came about that there was room for an exhibition by the Italian lobby group which preaches against abortion and against a woman 's right to have an abortion ?
We are now discussing reports by three of my colleagues in the PPE Group .
There is clear proof that high taxes are discouraging an above-board , expanded market in services .
The common market should be realised and exploited to its full potential .
If one wishes to achieve harmonisation , however , the policy should instead take account of national differences and be adapted to the national structures .
Its predecessor , UCLAF , has not been in existence for very long , but the major shortcoming of this has already become apparent , namely that in political terms it is under the control of the Commission .
I should like to thank Mr Bösch for working so assiduously on this report , as well as the Commission for withdrawing its first blueprint for OLAF and making a constructive contribution to finding the solution we shall be dealing with this week