taxes or prejudicing the reduction in pollution is unacceptable .
It is failing to restore power stations , water purification plants , schools and hospitals .
His possessions were confiscated and he was imprisoned .
It would be good if the Council could do the same .
However , we will not solve this problem merely by committing our condemnations and moral indignation to paper .
The recent riots are part and parcel of this long-term development .
Extensive documentation , currently available , about the present position of the Hungarian minority in Vojvodina is conjuring up a simply alarming image .
How much money does the Serbian Government set aside in total for public provision for this specific ethnic group ?
A recent report by the Hungarian Human Rights Foundation gives a 19-page long , humiliating chronology of the ethnic violence in the province of Vojvodina .
This is an outright disgrace .
Unfortunately , you yourself are aware of the outcome of those elections ; you , too , know that 45.7 % of the people voted .
Looking towards the crucial local elections in December , Barghouti urges Europe , once and for all , to give firm support to the democratic forces and processes in the Palestinian regions instead of to Arafat’s gigantic apparatus of oppression .
Despite almost unceasing attempts by both the UN in Abkhazia and the OSCE in South Ossetia to reach a peaceful political settlement of these conflicts , not a great deal of progress has been made to date .
The European Union is required to shoulder much greater responsibility to a far greater extent than before in order to reinforce democracy and stability in those countries .
The European Union – where possible in tandem with Russia – has an interest in establishing peace , stability , economic and social progress on or near its borders .
Thinking back to the discussions that have been held in the Council and to Mr Bourlanges ’ report , it is evident that the Council and the European Parliament are , by and large , giving their attention to the same items .
It will instead need to be founded on the positive interests and added value that it brings with it .
It is therefore not a question of whether or not extending the Court’s jurisdiction is rejected but rather about making a different choice with regard to the priorities .
According to the recommendation , Turkey respects priority being given to international law , the rights of the Kurdish minority are finally respected – albeit only verbally – and the Turks finally enjoy fundamental rights and freedoms .
I am truly sorry that the time factor prevented things from going as planned , but it is too late to make amends now .
I myself come from a country where democracy was invented some time in the Middle Ages and took an awfully long time to prevail .
The subject of terrorism has been mentioned in this connection .
I would now like to address a number of remarks that have been made here about the development and future of asylum and immigration policy .
As has also been discussed during the informal Council , it is up to the Member States to find an answer to the question as to how we can solve this matter .
In this connection , during the Justice and Home Affairs Council , talks were held with the High Commissioner for refugees , Mr Lubbers , but Commissioner Vitorino also gave his view on the external dimension of asylum and migration policy .
It is then our responsibility to ensure that reception is possible in those countries of transit , which can also be done under the remit of the High Commissioner for refugees .
It is then the Union’s prime responsibility to ensure that the interpretation of those provisions in the procedures in which the freedom of people is at stake , is done promptly .
Mr President , thank you .
The Council is prepared to give favourable consideration to the GSP+ proposal .
Secondly , we think that the system of graduation must meet its objective that the only countries or sectors to be excluded should be those that are already operating sufficiently competitively within the market and thus no longer need the GSP.
The other question , which has already been raised , concerns assessment .
In short , I support the Commission ’s objectives with regard to the GSP , but like Mrs Martens , I have my doubts whether the proposed reforms will reach far enough in order to achieve the planned objectives .
The African continent accounts for only a 2 % share in it .
If the Caribbean Sea area and the Pacific Ocean experience special problems , which they do , we should try to use EPAs as a targeted and generous solution to them .
I therefore share Mrs Lucas ’ concern about the future of some developing countries when the textile quota lapses .
If you could explain this once again , I would be very grateful .     .
We have made a lot of progress in the WTO and in the European Union because of your personal commitment , your analytical capabilities and your endurance .
I thank you .     Mr President , it was two years ago that , on the night of 26 and 27 October , the ferry sank off the coast of Senegal .
Respect for human dignity requires support from the European Union ...     Mr President , very recently , two MEPs from the Netherlands , my own country , were refused entry to Cuba .
On Saturday , 16 October , I sent you an urgent message in connection with the arrest of Leyla Zana’s husband when they returned home from the celebration during the plenary meeting in Brussels