be questioned !
LIFE-Environment , which is based on the cofinancing of new environmental measures , demonstration projects and preparatory projects aimed at integrating an environmental dimension into land-use development and planning projects and industrial production activities , with a view to improving waste management and reducing the effects that products have on the environment ( budget heading B4-3201 ) .
The Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees , which is entangled in its own bureaucracy and perhaps paralysed by its inability to quickly mobilise the necessary resources , has proved to be inadequate , but the mobilisation of NGOs and the International Red Cross has been entirely remarkable .
These are our proposals , some of which date back a long time .
Mr President , Mr President-in-Office , NATO has launched , on its own authority and bypassing the United Nations , military action aimed at putting an end to an unacceptable policy of ethnic cleansing .
At the time , Milosevic 's red army was shelling Dubrovnic and massacring at Vukovar , while this House remained indifferent .
By bombing Serbia , in contempt of its sovereignty and of the rules of the UN , NATO is establishing the law of the jungle .
Just this once I thank you , Mrs Bonino and Mr van den Broek , for your prompt intervention .
The European Parliament must consider sending a delegation - which can be quickly arranged - to go and meet Mr Rugova in Pristina and to bring him back here .
That did not work .
Another demon is that of the division of Europe .
The people will be the ones to decide .
For this reason I wish to congratulate my colleagues Mrs Roth-Behrendt and Mr Böge on the quality of their recommendation and to explain to them the content of the main amendments that I have tabled .
We have a few reasons to doubt this .
As has been said , it relates to the Commission , the agencies and Parliament itself .
We will also discuss this with Mr Van Miert .
Despite their good points , in the future , the Committee on Petitions and the Ombudsman will not be enough to offset the lack of consistency and excesses of a technocratic machine .
Mr President , you are completely right and , in my view , you are applying the Rules of Procedure correctly .
There are some amendments that were adopted without an absolute majority that I favoured .
On Amendment No 7 , Mr President , I should like to point out that there was a mistake in the Dutch translation , among others .
Some may indeed claim that as a system sovereignty is flawed , but the fact is that throughout history it has proved the only system capable of preventing chaos and arbitrary power that are even greater than those that can be attributed , where possible , to a particular form of sovereignty .
A flood of unprecedented media propaganda has undeniably created a completely false impression of the Balkan crisis .
Waging war under the guise of NATO does not therefore reveal an absence of European policy , but rather a flawed European policy .
Today the fruits of NATO 's military intervention are particularly bitter .
We are all aware of the importance of transport , particularly in terms of economic development .
Of course , there were alternative solutions , such as the Lyons-Turin piggyback project , which was one of the Delors plan 's infrastructure projects .
And there is a Commission report which predicts that the traffic between Italy and France will double in the next ten years .
The issue must also be looked at as a whole .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , first , like previous speakers , and on behalf of the UPE Group , I want to express my sorrow , compassion and solidarity to the families of the victims of the Mont Blanc tragedy .
Just as in other countries where a government asserts that it is Islamic - Sudan , Turkey , Syrian-occupied Lebanon - Christians are persecuted , marginalised , treated as second-class citizens , or even massacred .
We know that Burma is one of the major producers of drugs and it has the resources to be able to do without the support of Western countries because it has money - plenty of money - from the drugs trade .
The timing is doubly bad .
Like the rapporteurs , I am glad the Commission has implemented most of the European Parliament 's recommendations .
This concerns each and every one of us .
The European Union must approach these negotiations with real determination to defend the precautionary principle and the social , environmental and animal welfare standards necessary for healthy and lasting trade which respects all our economies and all our consumers .
We are making demands on the Polish people , but we also have duties towards them .
That unacceptable situation only ended in 1995 with the appointment of the European Ombudsman .
Their networking will definitely result in effectiveness .
Emancipated from such civilising frameworks , the individual who thinks he is free may be tempted to use violence against others with complete impunity .
There would then be spontaneous social control , which is more effective than repression through the courts or administrative support to victims .
This matter had been referred to the Legal Service on 6 April .
Senior citizens in the 21st century Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , both rapporteurs are of course right to emphasise the importance of a policy for senior citizens in Europe , especially in view of the development of the population pyramid .
Nothing will be possible , particularly on a financial level , if we do not correct the population pyramid in Europe , which reveals a real tragedy .
