The allocation of frequencies to the various user groups and users must therefore - and this is already a topical issue - be carried out in the most transparent and democratic way possible , whether at Member State level , at European level within the CEPT , and now at EU level as well , if decisions are to be made about Community activities reliant on frequencies .
In other words , in addition to economic issues , consideration also has to be given to political , cultural and social aspects , and also to the right to privacy and to consumer protection .
This is even more important if you bear in mind that the Council is by no means in agreement with the Commission that the Senior Official Group should be established .
Article 7 is about publishing information .
You said in the Council of Heads of State and Government that the European Union ought to be the most competitive continent in the world , but this statement is only truly meaningful if we encourage investment in Europe .
We acknowledge the fact that , precisely because of its historic responsibility for Africa , the Belgian presidency will be making this a particular priority .
The President-in-Office has our full support where the defence of democracy and the rule of law in Europe are concerned .
A link must also be established between the two .
In conclusion , I should like to make one further point : yours is a twofold presidency and you also have the task of leading the eurozone in the run-up to 1 January 2002 .
In taking a step of this kind , we would also be justified in going before the Irish for a second time and tabling the treaty for a vote .
The president of the country is the president of all the people of the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia , and an Albanian vice-president with a right of veto would therefore be an unreasonable demand from the Albanian side .
Mr President-in-Office , this Parliament has a right to be given answers to several questions .
If the Commissioner thought that we did not want to spend any money on arms , then he was right .
Under no circumstances - and here I fully agree with Mrs Pack and the other speakers - must a long-term NATO presence engender the division of the country along ethnic lines and under no circumstances must NATO entrench that split by its presence and its willingness to help .
The text is therefore rejected .
I should like to thank you for this .
Future-oriented opportunities to increase prosperity can only be achieved through open markets and free trade .
European companies would be exposed to pressure from the major financial corporations in Europe , with wealth creation henceforth giving way to the sole aim of maximising profits .
The production of energy and the cultivation of energy crops offer an alternative income-generation opportunity for our farmers in Europe , which must be exploited .
Mr President , I would have welcomed it if there had been no reason for me to rise at this point .
Yes , we intervene , for we believe that protecting human rights is not an internal matter at all .
The Indian Government opposes these practices in principle as well , but I have the impression that it must do more in this area .
I am against every form of discrimination , and I would like to make this clear with a number of examples .
It has established deeper partnerships with countries which continue to practise censorship .
Yet reading through Mr Cornillet ' s report , it is apparent that we have a great many problems with our own prisons in our own countries .
The EU Member States were united in their support for the United States ' initiative to put the ongoing human rights violations in China on the agenda .
We face a Herculean task - I just want to make this clear .
Since gentle persuasion and appeals have not achieved very much , we must now consider how we can exert even greater pressure .
In this context , it should also be made clear that this assistance must not be tied to overly complicated conditions .
For this reason , we call urgently once again for rapid assistance to be provided so that peace , democracy and human rights can be restored to this region .
This debate must continue in Yugoslavia .
Of course , it is quite correct to say that far more rapid and concerted action is required .
The Draft Supplementary and Amending Budget is a completely non-contentious issue in the Committee .
In total , own resources constitute 98.3 % of revenue for the 2001 EU budget .
Finally , by developing a serious Commission budget policy , but also through Parliament ' s constant monitoring and support to ensure a prudent use of budget resources , we are now managing to generate surpluses which might actually make some of these rituals unnecessary in future .
Yet again , there are a number of problems for next year .
In one of them , the European Union , the Commission , shows that it has no intention of complying more than cursorily with the will of Parliament , at least as far as the sections on UCLAF or the new OLAF structure are concerned .
The rest is forfeited and goes back to the Member States .
In other words , the issue is this : how much is the public actually paying for Europe ?
I should also like to point out that the Commission passed the OLAF Director ' s establishment plan proposals on to the budgetary authority unchanged precisely in order to underline OLAF' s independence .
We have also proposed using EUR 350 million