strategically promoting the institution they represent .
The first measures you have taken , such as the appointment of the anti-terrorist Coordinator , are steps in the right direction in terms of combating the scourge of terrorism , which affects our public freedoms .
Much has been said here about large countries and small countries ; I believe it is a pernicious distinction , which has never existed in European history .
When I talk about negotiations , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , I am referring to negotiations with Parliament .
I am not sure whether you have received a poisoned chalice , but you have taken a step forward in the Agramante’s camp still present in the Council , after several people have fallen victim during a debate which has taken place behind closed doors .
I must say to you that we are carrying out an important exercise and , to put it in terms we Iberians will understand , you are asking us today for an opportunity .
We want a highly competitive economy with technological development , but we also want cohesion and to defend and update our social model .
This is not just any old moment , these are not normal circumstances , it is not just any old Commission you are going to lead over the coming years and there are at least three reasons for such an unusual situation .
We all agree on this .
Firstly , the role of the Commission and the appointment of its President .
For the moment , you have been nominated by the Heads of Government , by the European Council , and it falls to this Parliament , to this House , to approve your nomination , which will finally be ratified , together with that of the other members of the Commission , by the Governments of the Member States .
I would like to ask you whether , in your new post , if a similar situation arose , you would allow individual Member States of the European Union to take a similar decision without having first consulted the Council , without there previously being a common position amongst all the Member States of the European Union .
There were things that I liked in your speech yesterday , such as when you spoke of a strong , political and credible Commission which must be based on the great wealth of resources represented by the Commission ’s officials , who must be motivated and enthused .
Furthermore , the United Nations ’ experts tell us that , as a result of climate change , this problem is going to continue to worsen , and we are faced with a situation in which we have no genuine common policy for combating fires aimed at tackling these 45 000 fires per year in the European Union .
The Member States act as they wish and improvise .
Nevertheless , in Andalusia we have seen 42 131 hectares burn because the resources available have not been used .
The reality at the moment is that there is an urgent need for help in our countries .
The people who have lived from forest resources such as cork , or holm oak acorns , for example , in Andalusia , have lost their source of income .
Above all , I am concerned , however , about the need for shared effective technological development , because , in accordance with the principle of subsidiarity , the European Commission must do what the countries or the regions cannot do .
The difficulties you are aware of in the application of the Solidarity Fund should be alleviated through the creation of a specific rapid intervention mechanism in the event of these disasters of a smaller scale and involving lesser sums than those provided for by the Solidarity Fund .
On the other , we need to deal with the contradiction between the two factors which come into play in this type of accident : urgent practical decisions and measures for dealing with the environmental emergency which has taken place and the much more time-consuming issue of the legal requirements relating to disputes , together with the problems of identifying the people ultimately responsible , resulting from the tangle of interests in the field of maritime traffic , something which this House has repeatedly condemned .
We are talking about a time period of four years , when the time limit for returning the waste should be 30 days .
We cannot wait around for fine words in relation to this disaster ; we cannot accept a quarrel which goes on and on forever .     Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , it is sad to see how little the various debates held here in this Parliament over recent years on the state of democracy in Belarus have changed .
We believe that our proximity can and must manifest itself in the long term through close cooperation and exchange in fields of mutual interest , such as trade , justice , home affairs , transport , energy and the environment .
The authorities of that country are currently registering all the free external aid projects , and in practice this is allowing them to reject any international assistance that they believe goes against their partisan interests .
We wish , however , to place the emphasis on the legal framework for the elections , as well as freedom for the media and the conditions under which the campaigns of the different political parties must be carried out .
Now more than ever it is essential that we continue our work supporting civil society and the democratic forces in that country .
When you see Morocco , Algeria , Tunisia and other Mediterranean countries becoming members of the European Union , then I will accept that we are more concerned about the Mediterranean , but that is not the case now