Mr President , I would firstly like to congratulate the rapporteur Mr Girão Pereira for his magnificent report and also , on this occasion , the Commission , for having negotiated a thoroughly satisfactory new fisheries agreement .
Neither should we forget the discrimination that exists between vessel owners in the different Member States , and on this point I should like to contradict what some of my colleagues said earlier .
Mr President , I would like to thank Mr Teverson for the effort he has made in his report to again identify the main weak spots in the Community control policy and , in particular , the lack of harmonised standards on infringements , inspections and penalties in the various Member States .
For this reason , we would like to ask the Commission to immediately adopt the control measures put forward by the regional and international fisheries organisations .
Mr President , a few days ago , Mr Duisenberg , the President of the European Central Bank , addressed the Subcommittee on Monetary Affairs , which is chaired by our colleague , Mrs Randzio-Plath .
And I believe that - from Mr Duisenberg 's speech and the comments that have been made here in committee debates on these basic issues - there is still an excessive imbalance between the running of the European Central Bank and the application of economic and monetary policies by Member States and their own central banks .
Therefore , the time has come not only to provide UCLAF with all it requires but to create a truly new version of UCLAF so that its credibility can be salvaged .
Mr President , we live in difficult times where any lack of control can lead to irregularities or to fraud , and I am making a clear distinction between the two as Mr Santer previously requested .
It is for this reason that the discharge procedure is so important .
The legal services of this House may have their limits , and their operation must certainly be improved , but to cast doubt on them does not help our work .
As Mr Watts well knows , the same system does not exist in all Member States .
What I do believe to be important is that which the Court of Justice has maintained until now , in other words , that such arrival declaration systems are compatible with Community law .
I did not doubt his sensitivity in recognising these cultural events , which have old traditions - the Misteri d'Elx dates back to the end of the 14th century - and which have continued up until today .
Yet , whilst acknowledging how important it is that this celebration be included on the World Heritage list by UNESCO , and as you are here today , I wanted to take this opportunity to put a request to you .
Therefore , why not initiate the procedure ?
I therefore believe that all this points to one thing - and it is important to highlight it -, namely , that Europe 's wealth stems from the differences in the varied cultures which exist in Europe .
According to rumours and comments in circulation , the government and Mr Benavides agreed a document relating to the second stage of cuts .
Any company can increase production and reduce the costs of that product .
And you know that Asturias is a region that suffers a great deal .
Transport networks are , undoubtedly , one of the most direct factors of development and , as a result , we must pay close attention to the fact that , with the future enlargement of the Union , we will have to give priority to such networks .
This will allow us to hold an annual debate in Parliament and to impose democratic control on future Community measures .
Mr President , Commissioner , it is shocking that , in this day and age , there is no shared vision between the Community institutions and the various Member States of a sector that makes up approximately 14 % of GDP and provides 10 % of jobs in Europe .
The Commission has identified all of the most problematic actions of the period in question , without prejudice to the legal proceedings that the national courts have yet to complete .
I would also like to take this opportunity to mention the pressing need for an action programme covering all the aspects of tourism that have already been identified as providing added value to this sector at European level .
We are in favour of protecting the environment .
We would like to congratulate the Commission for having promoted the organisation of a conference on the impact of the euro on the tourism sector in order to help develop changeover strategies for businesses and consumers .
Mr President , I really do feel that , at this stage , we could do without speeches and meetings .
In this connection , I believe that the European Union should conduct an honest debate amongst its Member States to inform public opinion as to which governments are fully prepared to implement the United Nations resolutions and which are not .
The most important of these must be to the Serbian people , the first victim of that apparatchik turned nationalist , which is what Milosevic is .
I do not advocate a James Bond-style commando raid to get Mr Milosevic to The Hague , not because I think it would be a bad idea , but because it would provoke a nationalist reaction which could be in his favour .
If we appoint envoys , it is for them to deal with Milosevic when appropriate .Finally , we must urge the Council to support the implementation of the United Nations resolutions - Milosevic understands that language very well indeed - not just to resolve this situation