The two texts proposed by the Commission , and I take this opportunity to applaud their common sense , correspond to our idea of immigration policy : a reasonably firm and humane policy .
This was no easy task given the unanimity rule .
The work carried out on the Blue Card has , nonetheless , little by little enabled the ground to be cleared in this difficult matter .
This , it seems to me , is in line with all the great European principles relating to fundamental rights .
Similarly , you can see my reservations about making the derogation of the right to circular migration an option .
As Mrs Lefrançois pointed out , these two texts are a start and not an end , and do leave room for circular migrations .
Indeed , some Member States even wanted there to be no period at all , which , clearly , was not the wish expressed by the Presidency .
I too , shall just repeat what Mr Jouyet said so well , that there is a very definite desire to treat all these immigrants and new arrivals in the European Union with equal rights which , once again , also reflects the ideal of our European Community .
Our migratory policy is dignified , open , perhaps security conscious , but for them , and for us , we can be proud of this policy - as we can take pride tomorrow when voting on these two reports on Europe 's migratory policy . author . - ( FR ) Mr President , Mr Vice-President , Minister , 'it is high time to rekindle the stars ' .
International competition is hard and fierce .
Space is our new European frontier .
Finally , it is necessary to improve the synergy between civil and defence space programmes .
And so , Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , this renewed vision of European space policy demonstrates a new commitment from the Member States , a commitment that , in the interests of unprecedented European ambition , I have no doubt will resonate across your House .
Today , we see that this central project was bogged down due to the omnipotence and technocratic inertia of our institutions .
Mr President , honourable Members , Mrs Beer , Mrs Gomes , Mrs Neyts-Uyttebroeck , whom I thank personally for her kind wishes , Mrs Morgantini , Mr Kristovskis and Mr Zappalà , you are all profoundly correct : as Mr Zappalà said , it is a question of civilisation and humanity .
It is , in any case , with this aim in mind that the French Presidency is going to great lengths to convince all its partners , and will continue to do so .
The demographic change that I have just described , taking into account these factors , is accompanied by profound social change affecting family structures , all of which results in an increasing number of older people living alone and very old people being dependent on others .
Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the debate has been very fruitful and it is clear from the various interventions that there are multiple points to address if this demographic challenge is to be met .
There is an urgent need to increase the rate of development , and also to increase implementation of prevention , information , education and awareness campaigns , and to invest in research and development of new prevention and testing strategies , which must be kept up-to-date with changes in the nature of the pandemic .
In order to make prevention , screening and early treatment available to all , in order that people with the disease are no longer stigmatised or discriminated against , in order that the countries of the South have proper access to drugs , cooperation between UN agencies and regional agencies must be increased .
I believe this debate will encourage us to remain alert and vigilant , to combat all forms of discrimination and to act on what has happened in the past , and not to act as though the situation has returned to normal . on behalf of the PPE-DE Group . - ( FR ) Mr President , Mr Vice-President of the European Commission , Mr President of the Court of Auditors , ladies and gentlemen , my first words are to thank you , Mr President of the Court , for the immense task you have accomplished with the Court 's auditors ; I think this is an important document for our information .
This being so and as the finger is being pointed at the Member States on shared management , I trust we shall receive the Council 's opinion quickly and I shall take the liberty , Mr President of the European Parliament , of requesting a written question at question time asking for a prompt opinion from the Council , once it has been able to have an exchange of views on this excellent report by the European Court of Auditors .
I believe that the work of this group is leading to three outcomes .
The first is that the Irish Members of Parliament believe that Ireland risks being marginalised to a certain extent in the European Union , and will subsequently suffer in the short and medium term .
I should like to say that the Commission 's proposals are a move in the right direction as far as the Presidency of the Council is concerned .
On behalf of the Council , I should like to thank Parliament once again for its extremely constructive attitude in the dialogue that we have had on the energy and climate package .
This is why in the Council , Commission and Parliament , we must do absolutely everything within our power to reach these various goals successfully .
The measures that have