Electromagnetic fields and their effect on people are subjects that have come up for debate with increasing frequency in recent years .
We should be establishing limit values on a Europe-wide basis , but they should be reasonable as well .
Sweden has been mentioned in the discussion as one of the countries with satisfactory limit values .
That is substantially different from those proposed by Mr Tamino .
Nevertheless , there are obvious areas where collaboration at European level creates added value .
In the business sector , best practice - known as 'benchmarking ' - is an excellent way for businesses to maximise their performance .
I am convinced that my own country , Sweden , would also find the exercise very valuable .
So it seems unreasonable to support tobacco cultivation to the tune of EUR 1 billion every year .
Mr President , crises tend to create their own dynamic and develop their own brand of poisonous nationalism , and the same applies to trade wars .
It is of the utmost importance that the EU , in its negotiations and actions , complies with WTO rules .
It seems likely that the WTO panel of arbitrators will decide that the EU 's actions are unacceptable in the light of their earlier ruling , which gives us good reason to exercise restraint .
Of course , but in point of fact it is free trade that is better than aid .
This is very unfortunate and difficult to comprehend , particularly when it affects businesses in countries such as Sweden which are not involved in the 'banana war '.
Thank you for your reply .
I have asked this question on behalf of the voters in my country who are interested in what you have to say .
However , I should still like to have some idea of when we may expect the convention to enter into force , as it is a matter of considerable importance for all the Member States of the Union and for people in general .
While the issue is still under discussion , and since Mrs Gradin has just mentioned some points that will be central to the new action plan , it would be interesting to know which areas she is intending to concentrate on .
Mr President , we all realise that the railways have to be improved in order to ensure their survival .
Both the reports before us today represent further necessary steps along the same road .
Presumably , it is perfectly reasonable that the various states will , for the most part , continue to own , build and maintain most of the infrastructure .
This is the direction in which things are going today .
The Commission must continue to come up with further initiatives if the railways are to have a future in the twenty-first century .
I think it would be wise to do so if we are to show the same consideration to everyone who wishes to express their point of view to us as Members of the European Parliament .
The developments in the Balkans show just how wrong they are , and how important it is to ensure that the process of Europeanisation makes rapid progress in every European country , without exception .
In our time , no area of Europe has had more ground to cover in this respect than the Balkan countries .
There is no call for an international military operation in Kosovo .
However , our commitment in the Balkans should go considerably further .
In such a situation , a European civil peace corps , like the one decided on by Parliament on the basis of my report , could play a major role .
The setting-up of new states need not pose a threat to freedom , provided there are stable and close cooperation procedures in place .
One might say that we are guinea pigs in our own development .
In fact , it is not possible to make such an assertion when no one really knows the answers , and when there are others who take a different view .
We should be following this path too , until our knowledge is more complete .
It looks as though supervision of the Internet and e-mail is one of the areas where there has been no coordination in either of the agreements .
Thank you for answering my question .
Since I first heard that poverty and its repercussions were being given the recognition they deserve - although it is not enough simply to recognise the problem - I have been wondering what measures the Council is proposing to take in order to deal adequately with the problems posed by poverty .
What exactly are we willing to do to help third world countries ?
To me that seems obvious , and I am waiting patiently for a proposal from the Commission and for the Council of Ministers to approve it .
Both the Commission and the Council of Ministers , together with an unholy alliance here in Parliament , continue to support the nuclear power industry and refuse to recognise that the modern sources of energy are renewable ones - a rational use of energy - which mean more jobs , a cleaner environment and healthier long-term economic prospects .
Madam President , Commissioner , it has been interesting to take part in today 's debate .
Moreover , I think people are very surprised that we do not have an interoperable bank card or customer payment system .
It is very hard to understand why the cost of using a credit card outside one 's own country , but in another euro country , should be so high .
Madam President , I agree with all those who have said that the work carried out on this regulation has not been easy ; indeed , it has been extremely difficult .
A majority of the group is also willing to approve