, far too strong .
I think , however , that we have obtained a good result from the conciliation negotiations and , in actual fact , probably a better result than many of us had dared to hope for when we listened to some of the Member States ' negative attitudes towards solving the air quality problem with which we are concerned here .
Together with the Directive on National Emission Ceilings , for which Mrs Myller , here beside me , was rapporteur , this directive makes an important contribution to securing a lower concentration of ozone in Europe and , especially , in the large cities of Europe .
We have got some partial goals established , or target values for 2010 , and these must be met .
I therefore think it good that we also obtained agreement to there having to be some more long-term objectives , in terms of which the WHO ' s target values must be complied with .
A reference point was set for 2020 .
I also believe it is good that the Member States should not only be obliged to prepare practical programmes for achieving the targets , but that obligations should also be imposed in terms of informing people about the programmes that are being prepared and about the results - both positive and negative - that are obtained , just as we have acquired a number of rules as to when people are to be notified that there are problems with the unduly strong concentration of ozone - both people in general and people belonging to groups which are especially sensitive to problems in this area .
We can of course now look forward to the directive ' s coming into force before the first candidate countries accede to the EU so that , even at the time of their accession , they will have to comply with the obligations imposed by the directive upon existing Member States .
Mr President , it is now one and a half years since we were able to congratulate the Commission on the Cotonou Agreement , and it is really somewhat disgraceful that there are still only three EU countries that have ratified the agreement .
I realise that there are probably some that are on the way to doing so in the course of the spring , but it is still not too satisfactory .
However , I should like to congratulate the rapporteur on his report .
I think it can be said that the fact that foreign policy is bound up with development policy has , since then , been heavily underlined , and I am also pleased that I am today speaking on behalf of the Committee on Foreign Affairs , Human Rights , Common Security and Defence Policy , for this shows the connection between foreign policy and development policy .
Which form of policy comes first may be immaterial .
It is now our task to pursue such development .
In connection with Zimbabwe too , the link between foreign policy and development policy is clear , as too is the fact that , in spite of everything , the EU has succeeded in obtaining an agreement , which means that we can operate in Zimbabwe in the hope of achieving good results .
I agree that we therefore still have work to do , as we also have here in Parliament .
Mr President , I will concentrate on the EU' s agreements with the developing countries .
One of the world ' s poorest countries , Mauritania , has just entered into a fisheries agreement with the EU.
However , Mauritania cannot afford to develop its own fisheries and will therefore receive much less compensation from the EU which , with its overfishing , is in the process of eliminating the cuttlefish stock .
The EU takes from the poor and gives to the rich .
I am able to support the conclusions overall , and I would particularly call upon us to create new development opportunities in the European fisheries sector by integrating environmental considerations into the common fisheries policy .
We must dare to talk openly about what fish , as 'raw materials ' , mean for the fishing industry in those countries which have extensive fisheries , and we must also put the regional importance of fisheries into the balance alongside the risks involved and application of the precautionary principle .
Moreover , we must also recognise the major contribution that fishermen make to daily life .
I will concentrate , then , on a few points I disagree about .
We therefore need to state that there is now no scientific basis for saying that industrial fishing has a negative effect on the marine environment .
What we must do , therefore , is to strive to obtain a broader and better scientific basis in this area too .
What is more , the European fishmeal industry has made very great strides towards developing a technique for eliminating dioxin .
In this context , it is important to note that dioxin does not come naturally from the sea and is not found naturally in fish , but is a form of pollution that comes from the land .
I must also say that the Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party is unable to support item 14 , since we are opposed to financial aid for the construction of new vessels .
In my view , both these proposals contain a series of regulations which , on their own terms , are reasonable and humane .
Baroness Ludford ' s report , in particular , tries to comply with congenial demands for fair treatment and active integration .
I have a couple of comments , however .
Secondly , I have to state that the proposals before us show my own country ' s government up in a disgraceful light