What particularly disturbs us are the plans revealed by Commissioner Byrne to develop a network of enforcement authorities to help implement this law .
Having seen proposals for "networks " elsewhere in Community initiatives , we see in this the beginnings of something which is altogether unhealthy - a unified enforcement system amounting to a European Union consumer law enforcement service .
This to us seems of a general trend where the Commission , having saturated Member States with its laws , is now taking altogether too keen an interest in enforcement systems , with an eye to direct control of them .
On this basis alone , my party opposes this measure .
- Whilst I support this report on general product safety , it is important that we do not go too far .
It is important that our products are safe , but we should not go over the top with extreme actions .
People across Europe are extremely concerned about the safety of consumer products , and rightly so .
This report welcomes an improvement in current European law on product safety , but in my view the directive should not be applied to charity shops , a key feature in the British high street .
It is absurd to think that the average charity shop can provide the authorities with information about product risks and product origin for second-hand goods acquired from the general public .
Let us not forget that it was my Labour colleague , Mr Whitehead , who introduced the amendments exempting charity shops , and we should congratulate him on his achievements .
The threat to charity shops occurred because it simply was not understood on mainland Europe .
It is now , and the Labour amendments offer a guarantee that charity shops will be left untouched and will be exempt from the directive .
The overall aim of the directive is extremely important in ensuring that there is a consistent and high level of consumer protection , as well as the efficient functioning of the single market .
I wholeheartedly support the drive for clearly-worded , understandable warnings about possible risks to be put on products where they are on sale .
Clear labelling is the best way of reassuring worried consumers that the goods they buy are safe .
Public confidence in the safety of products we all buy has taken a real knock in recent years following a number of scares , especially in children 's toys .
Only by taking a safety first attitude - and being seen to take a safety first attitude - can public confidence and the safety of our children be restored .
Lagendijk Report ( A5-0324/2000 )
- I welcome this report which seeks to improve the delivery of EU assistance to the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia by simplifying the decision-making procedures and making them more transparent .
Garot Report ( A5-0305/2000 )
- I and my colleagues have opposed this amendment because Leyla Zhana is insisting that she is not herself asking for special treatment or immediate release from gaol .
She wants the penal law changed , as do we .
Moreover , we believe that not only Kurdish , but all political prisoners should be freed .
- On behalf of the European Parliamentary Labour Party , I welcome Mr Morillon 's report .
We believe that Turkey should be treated the same way as any other applicant country .
While it is clear that Turkey does not yet meet the Copenhagen criteria , we should be working closely with them to achieve that objective - just as we have done with all the other applicants .
We cannot consistently seek new obstacles to put in their path .
We opposed the amendments on the Armenian massacre for exactly this reason .
That event took place during the time of the Ottoman Empire .
I do not recall events which took place during the British Empire being used to obstruct the United Kingdom 's accession .
Consistency and honesty should be the hallmarks of our dealings with any applicant country .
Jové Peres Report ( A5-0275/2000 )
- Although the Jové Peres report is ostensibly about fisheries , I see in it a much more sinister agenda .
For instance , one sees such statements as : " ... the development of a genuine fisheries policy requires that the powers of monitoring fishing activity must be assigned to the Commission " ; " ...the establishment of a proper Community system of monitoring fisheries is bound to entail a degree of sovereignty being transferred to the Union institutions " ; and " ... the European Union is not a confederation of states but a 'sui generis ' entity in international law , in which ... there is a desire for economic , social and political integration ..." .
Then there is the observation that : " the lack of adequate human and material resources means that the Community 's powers are delegated to Member States..." , with the view that this situation cannot be extended indefinitely .
The rapporteur 's answer is for the Community to be given the resources , effectively , to take direct control over fisheries monitoring .
This reveals the European Union 's true ambition - the continued acquisition of powers until it becomes an all-powerful superstate .
It will only be content when its own gunboat fleet , flying "ring of stars " flags , is enforcing its fisheries policies .
My party cannot support this report .
Mr President , I would like to congratulate Mr Blokland for his excellent work on this report and give my group 's support for the compromise text .
With the toughening of legislation on landfill there has been significant increase in waste incineration , and I know from my own experience in my constituency in Wales that incineration of hazardous and non-hazardous waste is as much a concern ,