, however , ignore the fact that any change to the current system will have considerable effects in the countries that currently benefit from that system .
In detail , there are three issues on which I should like to insist : the graduation mechanism , the functioning of GSP+ and the reform of the system of rules of origin .
I shall stop here , aware that I have highlighted only a few aspects of this difficult subject , but that is all I can do in the time allotted to me .
Drug use is also assuming really worrying dimensions as an economic phenomenon : it is in fact behind an enormous volume of business which evidently benefits large criminal organisations among others .
I humbly request that the President of the European Parliament arrange for a message of solidarity to be sent to the relatives of these young victims .     .
Not least , moreover , we should like the incoming Commission finally to examine the application of special clauses for workers and to commit itself to eliminating the scourge of child labour , even by resorting to economic sanctions .     – Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I shall not be supporting Mr Barroso , as I mentioned before during my first speech in this House , because he represents anti-European powers and anti-European interests , and he is the sole representative of a contradiction , full of conflicts of interest , and of a Commission that I consider anti-European in its very essence .
You cannot say that you want to cooperate with Parliament and start by not respecting its vote .
It contains some mediocre Commissioners and , in Mr Buttiglione , a terrible , medieval Commissioner who damages Italy ’s image and stands for a return to the past , to the most reactionary Middle Ages , riven with racial , sexual and gender discrimination .
What would be quite clear to them yet again would be the total lack of any political or institutional substance in the Community institutions .     – Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , in July this group placed its confidence in you on the strength of the promise you made to us of a cooperative relationship , like the one your predecessor Mr Prodi had with us .
Show that you too have not changed your mind by making new selections today , not tomorrow .
I am the youngest Member of this Parliament and , as a representative of my age group , I feel I am pinning on you the hopes and expectations of a new generation of Europeans .
Mr Barroso , this Parliament and this parliamentary democracy are the essence of our European Union .     – Madam President , Mr President-designate , this debate is taking place on the eve of the signing of the first European Constitution , on the eve of a historic event for our Union of 500 million people .
He is a European politician who is pro-Europe and who , as the Italian Minister for Community Policies , has demonstrated that he upholds the interests of the Union .
I must remind this Chamber that the majority of the Members who listened to Mr Buttiglione in committee came out in favour of him as a candidate Commissioner – a Commissioner who must now and in the future be judged by what he does and not by his religious beliefs .
The Buttiglione affair , in contrast , is mostly up to you .
Cultural arguments external to this Parliament and cultural intolerances that are foreign to this Parliament’s democracy must not be brought into this Chamber .
There is a persistent miserliness in certain Member States with regard to the European project , which also shows itself in the matter of resources , an essential condition if our objectives are to be supported with adequate means .
The same is true for the cohesion policy and external policies : according to the Council , the cost of the reconstruction of Iraq should be borne by the Union’s normal programmes .
This is a misapprehension that crops up occasionally : whereas a fine imposed by the Commission for a cartel or abuse of a dominant position is credited to the Community budget , an order for reimbursement of illegal and incompatible state aid requires a transfer of money from the firm that wrongfully received it to the Member State in question and not to the Community budget .
Besides , the applicable regulation does not set any time limit for the examination of a case by the Commission .
Our inquiries have focused on the problem of determining whether the printer manufacturers are infringing Community competition rules because of the shapes and prices of their cartridges .
I should be grateful if the President-in-Office could tell us something about these two points .
I should like to know what the Presidency intends to do on this subject as well .
Lastly , Mr President-in-Office , a question about the issue of enlargement or , rather , about this period straddling enlargement and the accession of the new Member States .
In this context , I should like to ask what opinion the Presidency of the Council holds on the use of biometric data in passports and visas , and what the Council’s position is on the establishment of reception camps outside EU territory .     – Mr President , I speak on behalf of the New Italian Socialist Party , represented in this Chamber by myself and Mr De Michelis .
The first is that a few days ago an international event of the greatest importance occurred , something highly positive for once : the ratification by the Duma of the Kyoto Protocol , a field in which the European Union has been a world leader .
