I do not want tens of thousands of Israeli children to pay with their lives for their leaders ' transgressions .
But some form of economic and political pressure should be exerted - and very soon - if our resolutions on the right of Palestinians to their own state are to be taken seriously .
I wonder whether a proper analysis of the consequences has been carried out .
The situation is particularly acute in sparsely populated areas .
It is therefore very important for us that support should be given to rural development and agriculture .
It is also important to strengthen local communities , coordinate support , address education , protect the environment , encourage organic farming and invest in bio-energy and new types of fuel such as ethanol and methanol , as well as in tourism and transport .
This is because I feel that an unholy alliance is being formed - one that we also see in other circumstances - in which one side claims it wished the best to be the enemy of the good .
In fact , I cannot help thinking that this is similar to the discussion we had regarding the Members ' Statute .
I think that one of the most important aspects is that we should move to majority voting , since it would mean that Europe was really working .
I should like to commend Mr Wiebenga on his report , and I hope we can all support it in order to avoid any unpleasant scenes when it comes to the vote .
A generous policy towards refugees should be pursued as a matter of course in all democratic countries , and hence in all EU Member States .
It should be painfully clear that this is a question of common humanity .
To ensure that such a policy becomes firmly established in the Member States , a unanimous decision is vital .
It is important for refugees to continue to have protection under the terms of the Convention - any other arrangement would be wholly unacceptable .
What is happening in Turkey nowadays is exactly the same as in the past : persecution of the Kurds and the continuation of the war against them since 1984 .
We , as Member States of the European Union , must do our utmost to ensure that this agreement is adhered to , that the war against the Kurds is brought to an end , and that Mr Ocalan is given asylum in Italy .
The question of visas for citizens of third countries , as well as the report on the same topic , are the product of the legal problems arising in committee .
Such a situation is absurd !
However , the main purpose of the report is to change the legal basis from the third pillar and intergovernmental cooperation to the first pillar and supranational control .
Without centralisation , directives and harmonisation we have achieved a functioning passport union and a successful international visa policy .
Mr President , I should like to offer my congratulations to Mr Pirker on his excellent report .
The proposal is also in line with the decision taken by the UN General Assembly in New York last summer .
It could be the case that economic interests facilitated cooperation , while political prestige did not play so large a part .
Like Mr Iversen , I think this is important for achieving stability .
The agreement also comes at an important moment for Europe , for instance enabling us to invest in Japan 's pensions market , and in view of all the infrastructure investment that is being made in many different fields .
The problem with Japan was that we did not know what the rules were and how they were being applied .
Unfortunately , any such advance has been reversed as the result of an unholy alliance between representatives of the British Labour Party and Swedish Liberals .
This is the interpretation we should be putting both on Mr Ulmanis 's 'Dagens Nyheter ' article , as well as the recent address by the Polish President , Mr Kwasniewski , to the European Parliament in Strasbourg .
Mr President , the new Social Democrat Chancellor , Gerhard Schröder , and his 'green' Foreign Minister , Joschka Fischer , have intimated that the enlargement process should not take place too quickly .
We welcome what is being done .
Flaws in the EU institutions should not keep others out .
We welcome the Commission 's reports .
The effect of all these countries striving to qualify for EU membership has already been very advantageous for the Member States .
Their efforts to step up democracy and improve human rights has fostered peace in Europe .
The budgetary cost arising from expansion towards Eastern Europe is negligible in comparison with the economic and political gains for those countries , as well as for us .
Pressing on with enlargement is thus a major obligation for the European Parliament .
I am delighted to note that this is the general view tonight , which was not the case when we began in July .
The transitional regime is reasonable in view of the fact that a considerable number of candidates have already decided whether or not they wish to participate .
Consequently , it is not up to us to decide this matter , but a valid decision is required by the next parliamentary term .
Mr President , we are elected as Members of Parliament for constituencies in our respective countries whose voters we represent .
However , many of us would receive a large pay rise , which would be totally unjustified .
I trust that anyone who votes for the proposal on an EU tax will not oppose tax dumping on other occasions .
Members of the European Parliament represent voters in their own Member