These include the ministerial meeting in Rabat in July , the initiatives by Frontex to develop Mediterranean coastal surveillance , and special operations to help Spain and Malta .
The Presidency is promoting these initiatives , as well as the very important Commission proposal for a Regulation for establishing Rapid Border Intervention Teams ( the ‘Rabit ’ Regulation ) .
Furthermore , the Commission will be examining the relevant questions in the communication on illegal immigration presented in July coherently and thoroughly .
This also takes account of the Lisbon Programme adopted in July last year .
The Presidency realises that the proposal for a Directive of the European Parliament and the Council on common standards and procedures in Member States for returning third country nationals who are illegally resident is very important for a common repatriation policy , but we are also aware of the issues that have to be resolved in order to reach a compromise on the proposals within a reasonable period of time .
The Commission is to draft a Green Paper on the future of the common European asylum system .
This was also discussed at Tampere .
Practical cooperation between Member States on asylum issues also needs to be reinforced .
Increased transparency in the work of the Union is a key aim .
The transparency banner was also waved vigorously at Tampere .
Terrorism is simply a threat to a system of values based on the rule of law .
Human rights and humanitarian standards have to be adhered to in the fight against terrorism .
At the JHA Council in July , I said that I thought it was essential that the Member States should also encourage a report on CIA flights carrying prisoners to be produced , in order to strengthen the basis of more confidential and viable cooperation on security .
They will also insist that we should be able to fight organised crime and terrorism and control migration flows and our common external borders effectively .
Unfortunately , I cannot take , say , two minutes to give a five-minute speech , although that would certainly be possible in the Finnish Parliament .
Where possible , we will take the European Parliament’s opinion and views into consideration in future work within the context of the acts of the Treaty , so that we can use an acceptable legislative instrument to guarantee high levels of protection of personal data by establishing common rules for data protection under the third pillar .
The issues of immigration and migration call for more focused discussion , and I hope that we will have the opportunity to return to them once again .
It has been on the agenda and has been discussed at every such meeting , and will be again .
As a result , it is very important to have better coordination of the EU’s external relations and internal affairs in cooperation with third countries and the Commission .
The initiative regarding extended solidarity proposed at Tampere is an important one .
In addition , we need guarantees of a procedure that will ensure that the Member States adhere to the jointly agreed rules and take responsibility for illegal immigrants and asylum seekers entering their territory – in other words , that they register them and give them a residence permit , or make arrangements for their repatriation .
It will be very important to establish information systems for this , and to develop existing systems too .
The countries on Schengen’s external borders are also responsible for preventing illegal immigration into the Schengen area .
In this respect , it is very important that a proactive European immigration policy is developed and its quantitative and qualitative management established , while at the same time we bear in mind the question of stability in our job markets .
The various Member States of the European Union should now be able to discuss this fact frankly and openly .
Finland wants to revitalise this debate both at home and in the European Union .
It is very important to monitor the way in which the enlarged European Union responds to the demands of our citizens and what they find acceptable , on the one hand , and the demands of internal security , on the other .
It is totally unacceptable that we should take more than a year to think about who to choose as Director of Europol .
Regarding the mountain bike that was called for in earlier speeches , I would like to say that Finland , like Germany and the other presidencies , as well as Commissioner Franco Frattini , would like to put this mountain bike into a higher gear , and that we aim to use it for the benefit of common security and a safer Europe .     Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the European Union is concerned about recent developments in Sudan , especially the deteriorating security and humanitarian situation in Darfur .
The Darfur Peace Agreement , which was signed in May by the Sudanese Government and Minni Minnawi’s rebel troops , the Sudanese Liberation Movement , was regarded as an opportunity for peace .
Violent attacks on villages and refugee camps , both in and outside the country , have increased , particularly in the last few months .
The Sudanese Government has reinforced its military presence in Darfur .
Owing to deteriorating security , the number of refugees and people in need of humanitarian aid has gone up .
It would make it possible for the refugees to return to their homes and a normal life .
In order to ensure that the Darfur Peace Agreement is viable and that it can be implemented , the groups that have not signed up to the pact need to be included in the peace process .
The European Union , and in particular its special representative , Mr  Haavisto , has