of radiations for medical use .b) The large increase in the number of accidents taking place in the twelve years since 1984 , from exposure to radiation for medical reasons.c) The proposals by international agencies concerning exposure to radiation for medical reasons .d) The enactment of Article 129 of the Treaty of the European Union in 1992 , pursuant to which the Community was invested with specific responsibilities in the area of public health .
Thus , the amendment on the replacement of Directive 84/466/EURATOM is more than ever necessary .Among all that is described in the Directive we are considering , I should like to stress the following : 1 ) A very important factor in radiodiagnostic and radiotherapeutic procedures is the role and presence of a specialist doctor , not only to monitor the dose administered , but also to deal overall with any eventuality and the particular features it might present .
And most certainly , both during radiodiagnosis and during radiotherapy , those operating the equipment should be protected as much as possible in every way .
It is fortunate that today there are alternative methods of approach to certain diagnostic problems , and those methods must be used when the situation so dictates , even if they cost more .
Mr President , there is something rotten even in this matter of radio-protection , this wonderful scientific method to benefit man 's health .
What is involved here , Mr President ?
And they secure this by paying commissions to doctors to refer patients to them for repeated , sometimes unnecessary radiological examinations , which are dangerous , while on the other hand , they place terrifying burdens on social security funds .
First of all , then , this equipment replacement should take place at the instigation of scientific companies and social security organizations - which suffer losses because of it - and every kind of modern technology should be introduced , as Mr Trakatellis emphasized as a person qualified to do so .
Mr President , I do not have much to add to what the honourable Member has just said .
I totally agree with you that this sector needs a new impetus , a new dynamism .
Mr President , I share the concern of the honourable Member , a concern which I had indeed expressed myself from the other side of the House , sitting on the benches on the left of Parliament , during the past decade .
Mr President , I should like to assure Mr Smith that the European Commission and EURATOM will continue their efforts and monitoring in all the plants , including the new ones , to ensure that they respect new technologies and technological development .
We continually monitor the development of technology and the operation of reactors at all levels .
I too am sorry that the Council is absent from this debate .
Speaking of general principles , I would like to dwell on two of these .
The first is the concept of territorial integrity , a concept which is very important and certainly , in my view , the core of any common security policy .
However , Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , prevention means procedures , it means information , contacts , specialization and analytical consideration of all the causes of a crisis , things which of course - and needless to say , the Council is not here - have not existed so far .
The Mediterranean and the Middle East : a second failure .
This ultimately downgrades Parliament 's debate to a coffee-house discussion , and the Bureau in particular should take some measures to demonstrate Parliament 's power to the Council .
My answer is yes .
In other words , the European Union is openly threatening the use of arms to impose its will , and this indeed , by means of autonomous activity .
This must stop .
We understand that , but just think about an Italian colleague from the South of Italy , in an area where the Mafia has businesses : what should he do ?
I think this way of dealing with two reports on different issues led to the confusion created with the reading of the report by Mr Cohn-Bendit , because the countries of former Yugoslavia are covered by a special situation , the Dayton agreement , they are involved in war , they have victims , they have the dead , and they have refugees , while the other countries of south-east Europe are ones with enormous economic problems , I would say with huge internal problems and problems of democracy , but they continue struggling and fighting by peaceful means to overcome those problems .
We must support it , but as for the remainder of the contents , I think it is a text which does no harm , but offers nothing .
They cannot be dealt with by traditional methods .
It takes two years for a substance to be entered on the list of proscribed substances .
Europol is intergovernmental .
It is up to you to tell us what can be done to create such a system .
I cannot congratulate the rapporteur Mr Soulier for what he has written in his report .
In answer to a question of mine on the resumption of operations by unit 1 at Kozloduy , Commissioner Van den Broek said to me - I have his answer here - that 'the Commission has contacted the government of Bulgaria because unit 1 was brought into operation again without the necessary repairs having been carried out beforehand ' .
Commissioner , what are we going to do about all this ?
So when Bulgaria and Turkey are in Europe , what will we do then , Mr Soulier ?
The second of these points is the more serious .
