In fact what a pity that Turkey was not discussed during the wider enlargement debate in the context of the other candidate countries .
Of course peoples of Kurdish origins as well as other cultural and linguistic minorities must not be subjected to political , economic or other discrimination and must have the opportunity to express themselves freely , but this expression should be through entirely peaceful means and without intimidation and terrorism .
We should remember that the removal of Turkey from the western orbit was a prime objective of Soviet policy throughout the Cold War period and that the PKK was supported as an instrument of this policy .
Where is the demand in this resolution that the representatives of minorities should renounce violence ?
Civil peace is a prerequisite for investment and economic progress .
Terrorism has been a barrier to such progress .
We should also be clear that the resolution of extraordinarily difficult problems such as Cyprus , which requires the assent of all the people of Cyprus , will not be helped by frustrating Turkish progress towards accession .
After all Turkey , along with Greece and the United Kingdom , is one of the guarantor powers in relation to Cyprus .
I detect increasing nervousness in this Parliament about the potential impact of the accession of Turkey on the Union .
I might say there is increasing nervousness among the citizens of many of the current Member States about the pace and intensity of political integration within the EU and the leftist thread which runs through the fabric of this development and is increasingly visible .
How much more desirable and acceptable would be the goal of a looser community of nation-states trading freely and acting in unison over a limited range of policy areas and how much easier it would then be to accommodate a country such as Turkey .
Mr President , my initial impression of President Kostunica is that he has been very pragmatic in his political dealings since he assumed power in the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia .
He has consolidated his victory but has equally been tactful in his relations with other leaders in the region .
He has already visited Sarajevo , he has attended an informal regional meeting in Skopje and he has also been to Moscow .
The European Union was right to react positively to President Kostunica 's accession to power .
Visa restrictions have been loosened and the oil and flight embargo has now been lifted .
The fact that the Commission has allocated EUR 200 million in emergency and assistance support from the NGOs is to be commended .
I hope that President Kostunica and his supporters will steadily consolidate their position as the new democratic leadership in the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia at all political levels .
Elections for the Serbian Parliament are scheduled to take place on 23 December .
I welcome the fact that President Kostunica has acknowledged the importance of cooperating with the War Crimes Tribunal in The Hague .
An invitation has been extended to President Kostunica to participate , as the new President of Yugoslavia , at the forthcoming Zagreb summit .
This summit , instead of being a showcase award for Croatia 's efforts towards democratisation , will now inevitably shift towards celebrating President Kostunica 's achievements .
It is very important to assure the other Balkan participants that the return of Yugoslavia to the international community will in no way lessen their support from the European Union .
Due attention must be paid to the sensitivities of all countries in the Balkan region and to assure them that they will not be neglected in the general euphoria over President Kostunica 's accession to power .
Other objectives of the Zagreb summit must include an announcement of the Community assistance and reconstruction , democratisation and stabilisation programmes for the Western Balkans , a confirmation of the progressive establishment of a free trading zone between the European Union and the Western Balkans and a commitment by the countries in the region for regional cooperation and to putting in place a free trading regime between them .
Thank you for that reply .
When I tabled this question there was in fact a log-jam in the Council and there was no discussion , which was the purpose for tabling the question .
But I welcome the fact that now there is movement within the Council and that we in the Committee on Foreign Affairs actually have a copy of your latest document saying what the compromise looks to be .
Mr President-in-Office , you want Parliament 's opinion and we understand you propose taking a decision next month in December .
If I tell you that Parliament will be debating this in January , I should like to know if you will wait for our opinion before you take your decision ?
Mr President , I welcome the Council 's response to the original question .
I just want the Minister to re-emphasise that this proposed legislation is aimed at those who exploit and make profit out of people in a desperate situation and is not aimed at further criminalising the immigrant or potential immigrant .
It is about stopping gangs making money out of immigrants .
That is what happened in Dover .
It was organised business that ended up with people dying in the back of a truck because people were making money out of them .
That is what we must end .
Would the Council also - and this is where I agree with Mrs Frahm - encourage the Member States to differentiate more clearly between asylum-seekers and illegal immigrants ?
At the moment it seems that Member States are beginning to forget their international obligations .
We have an international obligation to treat asylum-seekers properly and to deal with them through specified procedures .
Some Member States now seem to be confusing