Srebrenica and its terrible tragedy are not only the most recent instance of human horror .
In the wake of other initiatives , we proposed to the Committee on International Trade of the European Parliament that an oral question should be raised with a debate in plenary on production and employment in the textile and clothing sector in different Member States of the European Union , because we consider this urgent and indispensable .
Since then , and as was the case previously , workers have continued to be faced with unemployment - all too often without payment of the compensation or back pay due to them - with intensified exploitation , with more insecurity , with late payment of wages and with deregulated working hours .
When will the same consumer safety and protection requirements be applied to imported products as are demanded for products made in the European Union ?
The political significance of this report therefore derives from the fact that this is the first time that the Commission and Parliament have examined this activity , at a time when it is recording accelerated growth both in volume and in economic importance .
It is also an important source of professional skills for the entire aviation sector .
We support the Commission in its intention to apply the principle of proportionality both in drafting the rules and in their implementation , always bearing in mind the necessity of not compromising safety in general .
As regards the question of airspace capacity , we stress the importance of reforms within the framework of the Single European Sky and the SESAR ( Single European Sky ATM Research ) Joint Undertaking and , once again , we come back to the need not to impose disproportionate demands on small aircraft in terms of navigation equipment , while always complying with safety limits .
We voted in favour of this report because we need to protect nature , but through human use .
Sustainable tourism strengthens acceptance of conservation policies , since the tourists come to understand the need for protection as a result of their personal experience , while helping to economically maintain wilderness areas which can provide job opportunities for local people .
We must do so for ourselves : for the interest we have in preserving the richness of biodiversity and for our need to preserve the planet on which we have been offered the chance to live .
We voted against this report because we disagree with many of the proposals that it propounds , as they are always based on free competition and liberalisation of markets in a strategic sector in which the existence of public policies and public ownership of the principle means of energy production was essential .
The debate on the Strategic Energy Review is no exception .
This is an area in which public policies that are intrinsically linked to achieving gender equality are essential .
In this context , Parliament calls on all Member States which have not already done so to sign , ratify and apply all relevant international conventions , starting with the CoE Convention .
Thus we voted for certain proposals , including those tabled by our group , which sought to improve the report 's content , but we had to show our disagreement with the attempts to commercialise everything that is essential to human life , including the air we breathe .
Still on the subject of adapting to climate change , I agree that there is an urgent need to implement the new framework directive on soil protection , and that cohesion policy , water protection policy and the Natura 2000 network need to be adapted to cope with the expected impacts .
Climate change calls for us to take a step forward in development , not a step back .
Similarly , given the delay in adopting a systematic approach to intelligent ICT solutions , it is important to raise awareness of these , placing particular emphasis on lower emissions in connection with the development of towns and cities , in particular through the development of intelligent buildings , street lighting and transmission and distribution networks and through the organisation of public transport .
The resolution , however : fails to denounce the fact that the detention and illegal transport of citizens have not been questioned by the new US Administration ; and completely ignores the need to discover the whole truth about the violations of international law and human rights committed as part of the so-called 'war on terror', including the responsibilities of the governments of several EU countries regarding the use of their countries ' air space and territory for the rendition and transport of illegally detained prisoners .
As for our taking in former detainees , not only should there be coordination at European level , but it would be advisable not to take in those who , in other circumstances , would not be granted visas on security grounds .
What mechanisms are out there to safeguard jobs in countries that do not have the financial structure to guarantee the jobs that are vital to them ?
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , we need to bear in mind that it is important to improve the conditions and support for information provision and promotion measures for agricultural products , both in the European Union and in third countries , broadening the scope of the proposals that the European Commission has presented .
We will therefore vote in favour of this report .
This propensity is on the increase as the elections to Parliament draw nearer .
The granting of asylum is the ultimate gesture of a state and an entire community , accepting their inability to defend human rights globally and the will , nevertheless , to act according to that scale of values .
As for