We have already seen the case of Bernard Connolly whose critical book regarding the Commission was suppressed by the Court of First Instance .
Are we to see a situation come about in which only politically correct statements about the EU will be tolerated in future ?
This Charter is not only potentially damaging but unnecessary given the fact that we already have the European Convention on Human Rights which was supported in 1950 by the great Conservative , Winston Churchill , and Articles 6 and 7 of the Treaty of Amsterdam .
We have witnessed the hypocrisy in this House when the left-wing were not prepared to support my motion on the Italian royal family 's rights being restored .
We already see the effects of judicial activism in Britain taking powers from our national parliament .
We could now see unelected judges extending this considerably in Europe .
All this will do is to establish a competitive jurisdiction between the European Court of Justice and the Court of Human Rights and play into the hands , or should I say the pockets , of already overpaid litigation lawyers .
Lastly , it will fuel claims that the EU is hell-bent on proclaiming a federal constitution with a charter as its first chapter .
Mr President , the European Liberal Group strongly welcomes the Morillon report which we find skilful , frank and forceful .
We will resist the efforts , some of them fairly spurious , to upset the balance the report successfully achieves , especially those amendments which seek to set up the European Parliament as a tribunal upon the past .
Turkey is clearly the place for a debate on the past as part of its general self-examination concerning fundamental rights .
Such a self-appraisal will amount to a veritable cultural revolution .
We should be satisfied that process is proven to have started .
The Morillon report and the accession to partnership commit the European Union to Turkey 's candidature .
It is now up to Turkey to show that it is committed to membership .
The European Parliament will play its part in fostering relations with political parties , the NGOs and the press , as well as developing its tricky and sometimes fraught relationship with the Grand National Assembly .
European Liberals are certainly prepared to play their part in bringing closer the prospect of Turkish membership and the spreading of prosperity , stability and security to all European peoples .
.
I welcome this report and will vote for it .
European citizens are worried about the protection of their privacy , and those worries are not unjustified .
Every day , enormous amounts of personal data are captured , sorted and processed .
Such is the case in connection with credit card payments , tracing the movement of mobile telephones , storing telephone connections , surfing on the internet , processing other data taken , for instance , from forms previously filled in etc .
On the EU level , the threat of possible abuse of personal data is being countered by two directives , namely Directive 95/46/EC on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data and Directive 97/66/EC concerning the processing of personal data and the protection of privacy in the telecommunications sector .
Neither of them applies to the EU institutions .
And yet there is a need for a set of data protection rules , for the institutions not only process internal data ( such as data relating to their autonomous activities , budget and staff reports ) but also data collected from citizens in the performance of EU duties ( e .g . granting subsidies , investigating competition cases , public tenders , statistical research and studies , data relating to the preparation and implementation of legislation ) .
This report should go some way to filling this vacuum .
Duff/Voggenhuber recommendation ( A5-0325/2000 )
.
I will be voting for this report and wish to record my congratulations to Mr Duff and Mr Voggenhuber on their leadership of Parliament on this vital matter .
I look forward to the Charter of Fundamental Rights being solemnly proclaimed in Nice .
.
I voted for the Charter of Fundamental Rights as a declaration of intent .
The basic clauses are not in dispute and should be supported by everyone .
There will be no shift in the balance of power between the EU and Member States .
This Charter is a declaratory document and clarifies the EU position - especially to those seeking to join the enlarged Europe .
We must , however , stand firmly against any campaign for a legally binding Charter that would only create legal uncertainty .
This document is clearly not one suited to become legally binding as it is not a legal text .
.
I welcome this report .
Special action against money laundering was proposed in Tampere in 1999 .
The European Council , noting that serious forms of crime increasingly have tax and duty aspects , called upon the Members States to provide full mutual legal assistance in the investigation and prosecution of this type of crime and for the approximation of criminal law and procedures on money laundering .
It was accepted that the principle of mutual recognition should also apply to pre-trial orders , in particular to those which would enable competent authorities quickly to secure evidence and seize assets , which are easily moveable .
Through this initiative the French Presidency proposes the adoption of a framework decision for the approximation of criminal law and procedures on money laundering ( e .g . tracing , freezing and confiscating funds ) .
The adoption of this report and the French initiative will undoubtedly assist in the fight against money laundering .
.
I congratulate my Socialist colleague , Mr Marinho , for his excellent report on strengthening