Madam President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I am very pleased to represent the French Presidency of the Council of the European Union , and to tell you of the advances that have been made in recent months on the issue of human rights .
I can assure you that the Council shares this vision .
My plane took off later than scheduled , which is why I was late .
What is more , it is not a criticism of us all - the Council , the Commission , Parliament - to acknowledge that during these last ten years , our approach has been primarily , and I do not say exclusively , guided by a knee-jerk response , triggered both by the dramatic events that I have just mentioned and by the legitimate security expectations of our citizens .
Europe must reiterate that all fundamental rights , including social rights , are indivisible .
Is it an aid to justice , and , if so , to what European criminal justice ?
Firstly , because accounting is an opportunity for directors to take stock , at least once a year , of their businesses ' situation .
They must be protected , because protecting them means protecting their social role in the local community .
The advances for health and environmental protection are very significant ; in the long term , the most dangerous substances will be replaced by less harmful ones .
To conclude , I should like to point out that plant protection products are medicines for plants and thus should be used only in a controlled and judicious manner .
For my part I believe that there could be four explanations to account for your first sentence of part two , which says , if I have correctly understood the translation , that the conditions are not favourable .
The original UCITS Directive was the key to development for European investment funds .
It is also true that the directive will make some significant advances in the operation of the internal market and in the collective management of financial assets , and these have been welcomed by Europe 's investment fund industry .
It is marked by a certain nonchalance .
This price stability is an advantage for all European citizens .
During its first years of existence , the euro had to face three major trials : the establishment of a sound and credible central bank , the creation of a stable new currency and inspiring confidence .
This says a lot about our historic endeavour .
The euro , then , has become the most tangible sign of European integration .
This balancing demands the active cooperation of the major economies in America , Asia and Europe .
Today we must say a big 'thank you ' to all of them .
It seems to me that we could call on the European Central Bank to carry out this process of restoring order and supervise its implementation , according to Article 106(5 ) of the Maastricht Treaty .
Of course , we are not all using the euro .
It is not normal for Member States to borrow at such different rates of interest when they have the same currency and the same rate of interest set by the European Central Bank .
Yet the idea that Europe could create a single currency , whose foundations were laid especially in the Bremen agreement on the monetary system in 1978 and the creation of the ecu , would have been met at the time with scepticism from the markets and the main monetary authorities outside Europe .
Devaluations would have been inevitable and we would not have avoided a currency crisis .
Following Slovenia , Slovakia has just joined us .
The reason for this is obvious : the ECB is and will remain independent in conducting its monetary policy , but independence does not mean a ban on constructive dialogue between institutions tasked with defending the interests and common destiny of 500 million Europeans .
If we fail to keep to this 2 % target we run the risk of having very high real interest rates being forced on us .
Serbia , for example , is not even mentioned .
The European , national , regional and local authorities cannot take the easy route when we are building an inclusive society and a Europe for all .
It must therefore immediately include alternative solutions .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I firstly wish to thank the chairman of the Committee on Civil Liberties , Justice and Home Affairs .
We remain , however , open to any positive changes in the technology in this field .
Yet this would require reliable biometric data , which at the moment cannot be guaranteed .
Next , I would remind you that for child passports , there is obviously a financial cost for families , but that is within the remit of the Member States and I would point out that for travel within the Schengen area , the identity card is sufficient .
That is why the Commission is focusing its efforts mainly on strengthening the institutional powers of microfinance operators .
This is the case with Framework Decision 2005/222/JHA on attacks against information systems and Framework Decision 2004/68/JHA on combating the sexual exploitation of children and child pornography .
The Europol Information System , EIS , enables Member States to find out whether the law enforcement authorities of other Member States hold any information needed at operational level .
For example , the European Commission recently backed the creation of the Migration Information and Management Centre in Mali , a project that a number of Member States are very involved with .
Contrary to the extreme position of a total ban , as first proposed by the rapporteur , the compromise we have reached now leaves Member States the option of providing an exception for