In the meantime , it is absolutely essential , given the variety of energy sources , to establish a sound definition of sustainable energy .
Mr President , you will all have heard how Don Quixote used to fight windmills .
In other words , the fight for windmills is one where there are no losers .
We need a secure market for sustainable energy , because a non-binding approach will not suffice in this case .
Since the issue of women and peace itself carried little political weight , the utopian movements were able to dominate the debate .
Mrs Theorin referred to this earlier .
I would like to congratulate Mrs Theorin for broaching a subject at European level that we have rarely discussed .
Secondly , on 31 October a resolution was approved in the Security Council , namely resolution 1325 , which 'calls for broad participation of women in peacebuilding and post-conflict reconstruction " .
That is why I support the full report in its almost original form and we feel that the majority of the amendments tabled by our colleagues have the effect of watering it down and are even downright hypocritical in some cases .
There are many millions of them .
In addition , there is nowhere at all where supply and demand can be matched .
Many migrant women are here illegally in that they enter on a tourist visa and go back every three months , for example , to the Eastern block countries , to have the visa renewed , and work here as a domestic help in the meantime .
Mr President , on behalf of my group , I would like to pay tribute to Mrs Smet for initiating the drafting of this report .
Any one demanding this is confusing two issues .
They are completely reliant on domestic work with irregular working hours and no form of legal security or social protection whatsoever .
At the beginning of this part-session I even submitted a complete proposed initiative to the Committee on Constitutional Affairs .
So what are the most important amendments ?
I , too , find it quite hard to understand the criticism voiced by the Liberals and the Greens because classification is exactly what we need to achieve openness .
That explains why the Council has such an aversion to the idea .
Mr President , transparency and openness do not appear in a good light in the European Union .
I would point out that the arrangements pertaining to the registration of documents are too complex , the grounds for exceptions could be formulated better , and that non-European EU citizens have a right to openness too .
I call upon the Commission to give its full cooperation in delivering a sound regulation based on the principle of public access subject to certain exceptions .
It is totally unacceptable , Mr Cashman , for us to get a good deal out of all this ourselves where access to documents is concerned , but to then leave the citizens out in the cold on that very point .
Why did they opt for a regulation ?
Besides , Parliament ' s passion for regulation , as borne out by so many amendments , will result in a regulation that is difficult to implement .
Parliament ' s proposals bridge this gap .
Mr President , access to documents is fundamentally important to our European democracy .
That seems to me to be a better order in which to do things .
So I am sorry there has not been enough consultation .
Coal and oil supplies will eventually run out and are responsible for CO2 emission .
Clean energy must be available to all and affordable to all .
It is therefore absolutely essential that the parliamentary elections due to take place in December , proceed fairly , and needless to say , exclusion for reasons of ethnicity is absolutely out of the question .
But this will only be feasible if everyone takes responsibility and peace is restored for good .
This law led to the serious disruption of traditional ethnic harmony in Côte d ' Ivoire .
Firstly , it would undermine the new president ' s attempts to restore national unity and reconciliation .
Mr President , there are several reasons as to why we are once again discussing Burma - in fact this is the second time since the summer - and nor is this the first time this year that this country has been on the agenda .
This is a subject that has not been given very much attention here to date , but , naturally , it must be discussed within the context of the European Union .
But ASEAN' s constructive contribution has fared no better , and I also have the feeling that increasingly , the other ASEAN countries , i .e .
Mr President , I am delighted that Vietnam is on the agenda at last .
Instead , we see a complete lack of press freedom and ongoing political oppression .
We work with Vietnam ; it is our partner , and so we cannot afford to keep our lips sealed about the situation there .
In particular , I would now like to take a brief look at the grave persecution of Christians taking place at present .
It is therefore right that these acts should be referred to in recital E and paragraph 5 of the joint resolution .
They reveal that church closures , arrests and bible burnings are not isolated acts perpetrated by overzealous party officials .
.
People who have ordinary health insurance will end up on waiting lists and receiving second-rate care , whilst those who pay extra will be able to buy the right to priority treatment and luxury .
We disagree .
The term 'police academy ' makes me think of a