Might it be that the Commission and the European Parliament too should begin working on such a study ?
Its declared aim is therefore to support economic and social cohesion .
Approval and the payments of credits must go together with the fulfilment of conditions such as compatibility of the project with the Fund 's declared principles , its suitability and utility for development , its connection with the promotion of the project and its proper and transparent management .
I do not know whether that would be part of a travel directive or something else , but I believe the European Union could contribute in some way towards the protection of citizens .
Mr President , I too , on behalf of our political group , would like to express our sharing of this grief and to ask that we should not dignify such occurrences with a political or any other character .
I would like to refer to the motion for a resolution and mention , as one of the rapporteurs on behalf of the Committee on External Affairs , that notable work is being done between the Committee on External Affairs , the Committee on External Economic Relations , the Committee on Development and Cooperation and the Committee on Budgets , to formulate a common approach to the rehabilitation of former Yugoslavia and the provision of aid to it .
But on the other hand , we must not forget that the civil war in former Yugoslavia started in Kosovo , and we must be careful about the means we use when dealing with a very sensitive and difficult situation .
Mr President , the Socialist Group supports every real - and I stress , real - initiative to deal with the problem of unemployment .
Where unemployment is concerned , the time for seminars is past .
Those are fine words , but what is to happen in practice ?
We expect something more from the meeting of the G7 leaders .
At any rate , it is positive that its analyses point in the right direction .
Development at a rate higher than at present is certainly a prerequisite for the absorption of any significant proportion of unemployment .
What matters is that life itself must confirm those policies , and for this to happen , we must of course dare to implement them , which we are not doing , even in relation to the White Paper .
The White Paper says so too .
Taxation measures , measures to combat monetary instability , measures of a nature that can only be taken at world-wide level , so that they cannot be used by one group of countries against another .
We must start with a systematic financial and monetary effort to increase the rate of development .
G7 may have confirmed the European Union 's positions and policies , but they are not confirmed by the reality that the Union 's citizens are living through , nor by the state of the unemployment problem itself in Europe .
Against which countries is this competitiveness to be increased ?
Or is the competitiveness of European companies , precisely because of this policy , to be an internal European matter , in other words the competitiveness of the very large multinational companies will be increased within Europe itself to the disadvantage of SMEs ?
Mr President , the Commission 's economic report coincides with the beginning of the process of reviewing the Maastricht Treaty .
All this , on the pretext of competition between the major monopolistic enterprises so that by cutting labour costs they can increase their already excessive profits .
Mr President , I have access to facts and figures from the Commission , but also form a British body that investigated the circumstances of Greece 's economy , and which concludes that for Greece 's economy to be able to conform with even some of the criteria , unemployment will have to double , from 9 % to 18 % .
Mr President , I would first of all like to congratulate Mr Cassidy on finding the strength to deviate from what I , at any rate , regard as the philosophy of his faction , and bring to the forefront an issue which it is not natural for that faction to make much of , namely the issue of unemployment .
This shows that he has cast himself free from certain restraints , something which I respect and would like to welcome .
But economic circumstances are making it difficult , and are doing that because of the familiar reasons of slowing down economic activity and increasing unemployment .
On that point , the Commission presented us with three positions : the position that we must cut deficits , the position that the single currency itself is a weapon in the fight against unemployment - a position which I accept - and the structural measures to fight unemployment , which in some way are a summary of Essen .
What we are interested in is something much more immediate , and we do not have it at this time .
And there is enough margin in the profit structure of European companies , from what the Commission 's own report and Mr Cassidy 's report tell us .
As we have said , all this can have an effect in the long term .
Mr von Wogau expressed himself with irony on the point that the debts could enable us to create jobs .
Those are the things which gave Europe and the whole industrialized world not only the strength , the incentive and self-confidence , but also the social cooperation that led to a golden age of flourishing industry after the war .
And if that does not happen to the single currency - and I hope it does not and would not like it to