Very large quantities of dangerous goods are transported around the EU , both on roads and railways and by sea .
This is also important where the prerequisites for the internal market are concerned .
By approving this amendment , we take account of the fact that it can be very cold in the northern parts of the European Union .
Subsidies distort allocations , both within and between countries .
Increased competition and newly established organisations should be able to provide significant benefits in terms of welfare , including within the spheres of education , health care and social services .
It is precisely upon price levels that consumer policy has failed to focus sufficiently .
A systematic survey of the various national regulations is needed if barriers to competition are to be dismantled .
The EU' s own regulations too may therefore need to be analysed .
In six months ' time , it may be appropriate to carry out an analysis of the outcome and also to look more closely at the new situation ' s effects upon the Commission ' s role .
The law must be correctly applied in matters of competition .
Parliament and the Commission can together increase their efforts to achieve an effective competition policy and so create new opportunities and new resources for our citizens .
We therefore welcome increased resources for OLAF so that we can investigate any suspicions more efficiently .
On the other hand , I am not convinced that making the process more efficient in this way requires common European legislation or centralisation of the fight against crime .
The challenge for the Commission and for ourselves is , however , to find the right mix .
Our experience of modern administration tells us that openness , decentralisation of responsibility and qualified evaluation are often as effective as detailed bureaucratic supervision .
I would compare the situation with an earlier generation ' s introduction of the Plimsoll line , a marking which was introduced to prevent insurance fraud involving inferior vessels .
I do not think that we can accept their procedures .
We need independent procedures and procedures involving public control .
It is not an acceptable procedure that measures to improve the environment , which are in keeping with the Commission ' s guidelines , cannot be taken because these are considered to constitute prohibited aid to shipyards .
Like so many others , I too wonder where the people responsible are .
( The President cut the speaker off )
Is it true that the contents of all parts of the proposal will be approved ?
This must naturally lead to a reformulation of development goals and strategies , together with a transformation of institutions and processes so that both women ' s and men ' s priorities and needs are better reflected .
However , responsibility for ensuring that due attention is given to equality lies with departmental and unit managers .
That is naturally unacceptable .
As I point out in my question , one to two days , and not one to two hours , need to be devoted to the subject .
But can you also provide confirmation concerning the matter I raise in my question , namely that the programme will be designed in such a way that we shall obtain a concrete timetable for the various types of legislation in the social sphere which the Commission is planning , as well as for those initiatives which the Commission is planning with regard to dialogue between the two sides of industry ?
My question in the first place concerns the opportunities the disabled have to take advantage of freedom of movement in Europe .
It would be interesting to hear whether the Commission is also prepared to set aside financial resources for those who have disabilities , so that they too might venture further out into the world than merely to where their wheelchairs take them .
In that year , we voted against granting discharge .
So far , the promises which have been made are still , however , to be fulfilled , especially where transparency is concerned .
Perhaps this is a little worrying .
First of all , we need tough regulations , which can be implemented .
What we need , then , are basic administrative regulations for the EU , for its institutions and for the EU in its relations with the Member States .
The van Hulten report is a step in the right direction , but it is not enough .
We do not hunt down criminals .
Otherwise , we shall not get anywhere in this fight .
We in Parliament strongly support the Middle East peace process .
First of all , the Sharm el-Sheikh Agreement contains , as everyone knows , a concrete timetable for the implementation of Israel ' s commitments .
What we need to look out for in this context is how matters develop in connection with the harbours in Gaza , the northern transit route between Gaza and the West Bank , further releases of political prisoners and implementation of the financial commitments .
The second point relates to Syria .
What is important , however , is that they have begun .
According to UNIFIL , there are now concrete signs that Israel is preparing to withdraw , which is something we welcome .
The Barak government has given to understand that it intends to conclude a peace agreement with a state as the other party .
Will Israel let Palestinian refugees return or be given compensation ?
The fact that the main responsibility for the peace process lies with the occupying country , Israel , does not prevent the Arab partners from also having a considerable share of the responsibility .
Of 47 states invited from all corners of the world , not one of them , however , is an Arab state included in the