.
The next time , everything possible must be done to accelerate the process , otherwise the programme will be overtaken by events .
The Commission seems to have been getting more interested in this recently , but things could still be improved .
The European Commission needs a clear and concise signal from Parliament , and we want action to be taken .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , Mr President-in-Office , we welcome your presidency .
Your first task consists of implementing the Amsterdam Treaty .
Is such a restriction of the resources of the Union in accordance with the dynamics of its internal and external development ?
The first is a matter of great importance to your country , which is situated in the geographic centre of the continent , which sees much transitional traffic and exchanges and which has become very aware of the nuclear risks .
We welcome this .
Would it not be marvellous if the Austrian presidency , precisely Austria , would finally bring the mafia , which advances from eastern Europe , to a halt ?
The introduction of the euro should not be at their cost .
The start of the Austrian presidency is an opportune moment to formulate our expectations clearly .
This can no longer be postponed ; effective action is required here .
Technically , a great deal is possible .
That is complete nonsense because one of the tasks allocated there is to ensure that the agreements are transformed into concrete guidelines for the Member States .
In conclusion , I would like to say something on a subject of which you have spoken quite positively : the lack of a legal basis .
I appeal urgently to the Commission to offer the presidency the opportunity to actually formulate a resolution this week .
My second appeal relates to human rights .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , Parliament has pointed out the tragedy of Kosovo so many times .
I have much confidence in the Austrian presidency , but I would ask it to propose that the Council awards it a realistic diplomatic charter , such as my country has recently done for the Palestinians .
The point is , therefore , how do we get the Serbs to no longer elect criminals to the highest positions .
I consider this one of the most important , but also one of the most difficult reports which this Parliament must deal with during this Parliamentary term .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I will be brief .
Nevertheless , I would like to draw your attention to a number of points .
Are they ready for participation in EMS II and for linking their currency to the euro ?
Firstly , the budget figures of the various Member States show that the cyclically adjusted deficits are no longer falling , despite a favourable economic trend , and are even rising somewhat in certain Member States with high growth .
The Monetary Committee will be succeeded by the Economic and Financial Committee , which comprises 15 national bankers , in addition to two European Central Bank representatives .
The Committee on Transport and Tourism agrees with the European Commission that different equipment must be present on board for different types of cattle ; but this is not sufficiently detailed in the proposal .
Mr President , with regard to the first reading of the new codecision procedure , I would like to briefly discuss several matters .
After all , it would be extremely questionable if the simplified codecision procedure restricted legislative work to a privileged club of only a few Members of the European Parliament .
But , unfortunately , I must ascertain , Mrs Neyts - and this comment is directed at you - that a number of us are absent .
But we previously decided not to do that , to prevent eternal discussion .
A positive , constructive approach to European integration , therefore , underlay the original idea , and therein lies its added value .
That is the gist of the amendment submitted by the Liberal Group and which Mrs Spaak would have defended if she had been here today .
Commissioner , we hope that Parliament and the Commission will continue to fight against the tendency in some countries to fall back on oneself , to erect institutional and actual barriers against the free movement of persons .
Finally , my group also stands behind the gradual elimination of all forms of discrimination , certainly discrimination between citizens of the Member States and citizens of the European Union , but also the gradual elimination of discrimination between citizens of the Union and citizens of third countries who are residing here permanently .
Yesterday we heard from Mr Bangemann and the Liberal group who pointed out that the interests of the national states are decreasing and globalization continues to increase .
That being said , Mr President , I would now like to say only that I am quite disappointed with the Commission 's answer to the written questions I submitted as part of the Kohll and Decker matter .
The problem is simply that we do not have a common visa policy .
There are a terrible number of complaints , especially from citizens of the Union who , in one way or another , have found themselves in difficult situations .
The citizen is becoming increasingly mobile and that means that he crosses the border much more frequently .
It has been rejected here by the rapporteur who said that it must be somewhere else , and by Mr Casini who said that it exists already .
And why ?
But , the most important point I want to make here is that we are extraordinarily grateful to Mr Rothley for the initiative with which he has supported the legislative role of the European Parliament and he deserves our appreciation and support .
