Mr President , I would join the chorus of those who say that the forthcoming enlargement is now the main task of the EU.
We could make ourselves comfortable in our little club , but its whole raison d ' être would then be lost , and we should not be able to secure the large perspectives of peace , freedom and stability .
And with all due respect for what is being said and written in Parliament , a broad democratic base is something we do not have .
One should be clear , however , that there is undeniably a danger of people voting 'no ' .
He mentioned migration , competition , social dumping , prices etc. .
Now , I am , admittedly , talking partly against the background of the fact that I come from a small country which has just voted 'no ' in a referendum .
This 'no ' will now be analysed carefully in the days to come .
There is no doubt at all that right-wing forces have been involved .
Egoism and , especially , populism have also played their part .
Even though there are , of course , many of us who are aware of the historical basis for the euro and of what the whole thing is about , it has not been enough to convince people .
How is one to get around the fact that it is really politicians in the big countries such as Germany and France who make the decisions ?
I can fully guarantee you that , in those countries , the spectre of union is very easy to conjure up .
Another lesson from Denmark , which is directly relevant to the Committee on whose behalf I am speaking , is that everything suggests that there are far more women than men who have voted 'no ' .
I believe that , up until now , all objective investigations have shown that the transition to a market economy has had a greater impact upon women than upon men .
A great deal of pressure has been placed upon traditional social values in the former planned economies of Central and Eastern Europe .
The rapid restructuring of the old State-run industries which is at present taking place has of course resulted in serious unemployment for both men and women , at the same time as the private sector has still not managed to fill the vacuum .
Even in countries such as Lithuania , where there is an economic upturn , it is not women , but men , who get to fill the jobs in the private sector .
We therefore need to realise that women are much more vulnerable in this process of readjustment and therefore much more vulnerable in relation to the Union project as a whole than we have indicated up until now .
If we do not secure jobs for women , if we do not ensure that the non-governmental organisations are there to talk about the Union project , then we can forget all about obtaining a democratic endorsement .
It is therefore also important , of course , that , in connection with enlargement , we ensure that the legislation on equality is implemented sensibly so that the enlargement we are all hoping for - and I would here point out that one of the countries in which there is most support for enlargement is in fact Denmark - can also in actual fact take place .
They see support for this massive peace project dwindling , both in the current Member States and in their own countries .
We should remember that it is not only for their sake that we should enlarge the Union .
It is , to a large degree , also for our own sake .
We should perhaps concern ourselves a little more with what they can rightly demand of us and with what they can teach us .
They did that for themselves 11 years ago when they amazed all the diplomats and observers by seizing the opportunity to break the Communist yoke and , in that way , also paved the way for German reunification .
What we need , of course , is for the new Member States from the East to help us keep to what is the purpose of it all , namely a Union of free and sovereign Member States in which the freedom of the people and the nations is given pride of place .
If there are rules which are unsuited to the new countries , then it is perhaps the rules which should be adapted and not the new countries which should adjust .
If there is a need to postpone the free right to acquire land and property for family use , then let us do that .
That is important not only for them but also for ourselves .
So that there should be no doubt about the fact that we are sympathetic towards admitting the new applicant countries , we have voted in favour of Mr Brok ' s report .
We find much to criticise in the fact that the EU is going in and setting the agenda for internal factors , as well as linking participation in Economic and Monetary Union with the coordination of social policies .
It is about formalising a system which allows financially strong EU companies to dominate neighbours in the East and South , at the same time as the EU develops into a military superpower .
It is incredibly important that we should now secure implementation of the package which is the first and interim realisation of Article 13 of the EC Treaty .
I should therefore like to emphasise two important points .
First of all , I believe that , if the initiatives for combating discrimination that we are now putting