They make the customer ' s life considerably easier and in Finland , for example , they are under the supervision of the authorities .
It has been very beneficial to specify that these are not life insurances referred to in this directive .
The relationship of Amendment Nos 14 to Amendment Nos 13 and 6 remains unclear , because Amendment No 14 allows for example travel and animal insurances to be totally excluded from the directive , while in other sections intermediaries providing those insurances are excluded from registration liability only .
Report Caudron ( A5-0376/2001 ) :
The Commission has now approved a strategy , according to which the matter will be taken to the WTO dispute settlement procedure .
I support this decision and would like to thank all those Members of the Commission who actively contributed to this decision .
According to the Commission proposal for a regulation , any arrangements for subsidies would be exceptional and temporary measures and would concern a limited number of ship types only .
These matters have no natural connection and therefore these questions should be dealt with separately .
By allocating subsidies , the EU itself is guilty of distorting actions of which it is now accusing Korea .
Even if only certain ship types would receive subsidies , the subsidised shipyards would always benefit from subsidy monies and would therefore have an advantage over other shipyards .
In particular this will impede the position of the high technology shipbuilding industry , which for very good reasons has responded to fiercening competition by concentrating especially on products representing more demanding technology .
Consequently , through these actions Finnish shipyards have achieved world-wide competitiveness , which the Commission is now trying to take away from us .
My view is that from the point of view of the working of the Members of Parliament it is very unsatisfactory that reports are continuously moved to entirely different time slots on the agenda .
Another matter I would like to draw attention to is the absence of the Council .
The Council , however , is again conspicuous by being absent .
I deeply regret that this is happening .
Mr President , Parliament has for years demanded that the Commission take action so that consumers ' bank charges in the euro area can be reduced .
Besides , at the beginning of next year the problem will only get bigger , when twelve euro area Member States move over to euro cash .
Structural problems must not be solved by force .
This paper chase , as old as Adam , is costing both time and money .
However , since there is not sufficient consensus in the banking sector so that this kind of technical standard could have been produced , Parliament has in several reports on the matter emphasised the role of the European Central Bank in the development of a payment system .
The idea of Parliament was that the group would have carried out the work during this year and a proposal would have been made public before Christmas .
It is regrettable that this was not achieved .
Mr President , in the opinion of the Liberal Group the Convention must suggest alternative prototypes for the development of the EU.
The Council of Ministers would be developed as the Parliament 's second chamber .
Along with this federal model , we must consider a structure which will be built upon the principles of an association of states .
Since the Council would hold the right of initiative , it would not be able to operate in its present manner as a legislative chamber representing the Member States .
Even at that stage , the European Parliament noticed that one crucial factor in improving the quality of a fuel is a reduction in its sulphur content .
We are now at the directive revision stage , at which the Commission , quite rightly , has noted that sulphur is an even more strategic ingredient in the quality of fuels than we then understood .
The Commission proposes that by 2011 both petrol and diesel fuel should , for all practical purposes , be sulphur-free .
This is of essential importance , since it has been observed that the consumption of fuels also falls when the sulphur content is reduced , and , in the meantime , climate policy has become a central objective in the European Union .
Hopefully , then , the European Parliament will come to the decision tomorrow that we will attain one hundred percent of the target of getting these sulphur-free fuels on the market as early as 2008 , rather than by 2011 as the Commission is proposing .
We are also proceeding from the assumption , which the Commission also proposes , that this introduction to the market shall start in 2005 .
Previously , the situation has been that the various Member States have proceeded at slightly different rates with regard to this improvement in the quality of fuels .
The Environment Committee proposes that the Member States be offered the possibility of certain transitional periods or derogations when this directive is next revised .
Despite the demands of certain parties , the Environment Committee has decided that in this connection no topics other than sulphur should be involved .
I would also like to stress that a transition must be made to using cleaner fuels also in work machinery , or non-road machines of this type .
On the other hand , we do not oppose the development of genetic technology ; rather , we say 'yes ' to research .
But we are anxious for this to take place in a way which respects human dignity .
During this past year , I have often heard it said that we cannot shackle science or call a halt to development .
Here , at least ,