Europe to have European parties .
Lobbyists often perform the useful task of informing us .
In doing so , the report imposes a certain vision : the pursuit of social convergence .
Pensions will thus become unsafe , untenable and unaffordable .
Now that working is threatening to turn into a kind of elite sport , people end up being burnt-out at a younger age , and the need for a lower pensionable age is growing .
We have taken a portion of the power from those in power . '
And what does this country , weighed down by so much violence , need more than an honest , public , political debate ?
Cultural , linguistic , but mainly social rights must be recognised if Algeria wishes to become a Treaty partner .
I should like to reiterate it : the State ' s most fundamental task is to protect its population .
It is therefore of key importance for us to join forces in a resolute manner , with all international , and particularly local , forces which strive for peace on the ground .
Finally , I should like to take this opportunity to urge the Commission , and particularly the Member States , to implement the recently concluded Stability Pact in its entirety and swiftly , including the pledged funds , since in that area , it seems as if things are not always running as smoothly as we would have liked .
This also applies specifically to Ethiopia , a country which time and again appears on the list of countries which quality for emergency aid .
Tigreans play a major role in the government and do so very expertly .
Europe can play a crucial role in this .
Cameroon suffers from an enormously huge problem of lawlessness .
This becomes even more serious if economic power and political power are combined .
We were able to witness this again recently when on 10 May , the Attorney General burst in on Echo Moscow , a radio station , and confiscated all financial and commercial documents .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , if 43 children are found on board a ship , which is taking them away from home to work in plantations in another country , our hearts bleed , with good reason .
Echoing what is stipulated in the resolution , I would therefore call on the Commissioner to focus on , and put an end to , the networks which set up the trafficking in children , to launch reintegration programmes for rescued or escaped children , but also for former child soldiers and street children , and above all , I would urge you to help ensure that the products of Africa are sold at a fair price , so that the parents can work , and can let their children go to school , as that is what is supposed to happen .
One could at least expect that according to the statutory rules of that country , action would be taken , or that they would take action amongst themselves .
Mr President , according to UNICEF , 200 000 children are traded annually in West and Central Africa .
The legal apparatus in situ should be given far more resources and be better equipped to fight malpractices of this kind , and multinational companies must abide by the moral code not to abuse children for commercial purposes .
Should people be locked up for an action which is not punishable in the relevant country , and should the indignation which inevitably ensues be broken up with police violence ?
I have two explicit questions to put to the Commissioner .
Could you give us a reassurance that you will be devoting the necessary attention to research in this field ?
Presidents , a Chancellor , Prime Ministers and Foreign Affairs Ministers are falling over each other with articles in prominent newspapers , with speeches for prestigious institutes and statements on what Nice should have been like and what should be Europe ' s future .
The question is now how to ensure that these proposals actually take shape .
In the seventeenth century , the Netherlands consisted of seven provinces which were each independent and sovereign .
Many in this Parliament do not spell a bright future for Europe .
It is distressing to see a lack of attention for this point in the Méndez de Vigo/Seguro report .
Everything seems to be focusing on the Belgian Presidency and the Declaration of Laeken .
Another reason for casting a positive vote is because what seemed inconceivable until six months ago , even in this House , is now increasingly becoming a possibility in Laeken , namely a true convention of the European Parliament , the national parliaments , the governments , the European Commission , together with the social organisations and the citizens .
Mr President , we have a fine future ahead of us , and I believe that we did some sterling work in this resolution .
You may think that this was written by a twenty-first century environmental activist , but it was published in 1536 by Martin Bucer , clergyman of the Thomas Church in Strasbourg .
By introducing commercial instruments , it is possible to internalise the external impact of economic activity in the prices of goods and services .
Not only in developing countries , but also in prosperous countries does this interaction occur .
However , the suggestion to draw up indicators for this purpose , appears not so fruitful in my view .
That is far too restricted .
The Gothenburg European Council needs to take an emphatic first step in this connection .
I should like to take this opportunity to congratulate Mr Blokland on his report .
In my opinion , we stand to gain a great deal on an environmental plane .
