.
There is nothing else about enlargement in the Treaty .
Let us now , rather , slim down the EU and create open , democratic cooperation that is close to the people .
That is perhaps the only way out , but it is a tragic solution that will lead to the country ' s marginalisation and to its acquiring the status of a colony .
It is muzzling itself and shooting itself in the foot .
Mr Bonde has voted against every scrap of European cooperation .
Do not listen to him !
Let us instead mobilise the large majority of citizens here in Europe who are happy to cooperate but who are dissatisfied with one thing or another and who cannot oversee what we are doing because the treaties are unreadable and unclear and because we too , here in Parliament , interfere in every conceivable matter , with the result that people cannot see an end to it .
The Treaty of Nice will not have come to nothing until the moment when the Irish government formally tells the other countries that it will not be able to ratify it .
If that has not happened before 2002 , then we have a serious problem .
That is due to the fact that there is a broad political majority in favour of enlargement , and we have not wanted to place question marks over enlargement .
It is also important , however , for us to have a discussion about grassroots support , which was the Swedish Presidency ' s third key point .
I want to take up two subjects so that everything else is not drowned out by the referendum in Ireland .
First and foremost , sustainability .
I believe that getting this overall strategy on sustainability adopted will be a very positive contribution to European development .
As we specified in Parliament ' s decision , sustainability must be seen in a global context .
And now a couple of words about enlargement .
I believe we must show respect for the decision taken in the Irish referendum .
I therefore think it is very important that , following the referendum in Ireland , it should be clearly accepted that the enlargement negotiations can continue at the same pace until such time as a solution is found in relation to Ireland .
I would therefore call upon the European Council , headed by the Presidency , to show flexibility , provide maximum support and make time for finding a solution that is satisfactory to the Irish population .
- ( DA ) We abstain from voting on paragraph 5 about the pleasure felt at agreement ' s having recently been reached on a common EU position in connection with the negotiations with the applicant countries .
That is because we cannot support the common EU position ( the Treaty of Nice ) , but are in favour of enlargement of the EU.
He must be detained by something very important , for we are all aware of Mr Skinner ' s great commitment to getting this matter finalised .
Rules concerning employees ' health and safety are no exception .
We already have general rules to protect employees , including against falls from height , but the fact remains that falls from height account for 10 % of all industrial accidents in the EU.
Anyone who has tried to climb up scaffolding knows how , in that situation , one wonders whether the construction , which looks so flimsy , has been put together properly .
I should like to congratulate the rapporteur , not only on behalf of Parliament but also on behalf of all those people who work on scaffolding , for a good result has in actual fact been achieved .
First of all , I very much support what the common position states about the need to find a solution concerning employers and the self-employed .
I should like to see these people in general covered by the rules concerning the working environment , both because of competitive considerations and because their actions can help improve safety on the work site .
Secondly , we must look at the requirements made of those products designed to improve scaffolding .
They are thus not only very difficult to handle , with the risk too of dropping them , but they are also a contributory factor in causing those who work with these materials to become worn out .
We have found a satisfactory solution in this directive , but I believe that training is one of the points we must be very careful about in the future .
Let us now see , however , how the Member States set about the task .
Legislation alone cannot prevent accidents of this kind .
We cannot have those who work on scaffolding playing Tarzan out on the work sites .
Mr President , first of all , I want to say that I think Mr Skinner has carried out a very incisive piece of work , something which I think must also be said this evening .
As chairman of the Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party , I have supported the conciliation that has been achieved concerning a change to the scaffolding Directive .
It is therefore a question of revising existing rules , and it is clearly of practical significance in terms , for example , of its demands for training and the issue of including self-employed persons under the rules .
I do not think that that was on the agenda this time , but I should like , at the last moment , to say a little about the matter , for there is a lot of talk nowadays about lists of competencies and new forms of governance .
Which tasks must the national states carry out and in what ways are they to be carried out