of external representation of the Union is considerable and it is fair to say that the next few months will demonstrate this .
We therefore have a series of important items on our external policy agenda .
We will have the opportunity at the Feira European Council to take some important decisions in the economic and financial area and to approve a series of discussions on external security and defence policy , involving both the military and civilian components .
There cannot be first or second rate countries or people .
If there is one person responsible for this issue it is the President of the European Union who must now correct his error .
A report or document is not enough .
We therefore hope that the Feira European Council will produce not just a statement of positions but also a plan , a project or an idea on the changes to the Intergovernmental Conference .
The third relates to external policy and the common European security and defence policy .
These points are too important to be glossed over and taken lightly .
This Parliament contributed positively and constructively , as Commissioner Barnier witnessed , so that the work of the IGC could be started in February .
In the name of efficiency , attempts are being made to impose the new model of internal power and a markedly federalist option .
The Presidency is insisting on the controversial Charter of Fundamental Rights , which it wants as a badge of achievement , but has forgotten the social issues .
We must be aware that the whole Conference is set out according to the decisions taken in Amsterdam .
It will also cover the definition of the external action programme in the area of justice and internal affairs , the White Paper on food safety , the European Charter for Small Enterprises , some important resolutions on economic and financial affairs , the entry of Greece into the euro and , as we would also want , a happy resolution of the problem of income taxes .
The work of this Convention has not yet been completed .
I must also say something on the Austria issue .
Whenever any failure to abide by this principle has been pointed out to us , the Presidency has informed the bodies or institutions concerned to stop them acting in this way .
In order to produce a window of opportunity in this issue , the political rhetoric that has surrounded it must be curbed , toned down or put on hold for the time being .
The following concept must be taken into account .
I especially thank the European Parliament , which has stimulated us in its role as a real parliamentary institution , throughout our Presidency , for all its cooperation on the European agenda and for the dynamic , lively , creative and constructive way in which , during these six months , it has carried out its duties as the parliamentary body of the Union .
However , this is not what the text does .
Has the government fallen ?
In terms of control , this method has enormous advantages and significantly reduces the possibility of fraud or any other irregularities .
It seems to me that there is therefore every advantage in immediately integrating into the system three sectors which are not included in the Commission proposal .
The application of a geographic control system will ensure that subsidised tobacco is actually produced on the holdings for which the aid is claimed .
Although it is necessary to fight fraud , we must also prevent the complexity of the system causing a multiplication of minor formal irregularities and farmers being unfairly penalised .
However , it is also vital that this precious resource is used to further the policy of economic and social cohesion , environmental protection and even regional development .
What needs to be done , therefore , is to prepare those countries to take part in the Monitoring Centre ' s activities , specifically by creating the appropriate conditions for establishing structural relations with the REITOX network , which collates and undertakes a statistical analysis of the figures supplied by Member States in this field .
In the meantime , new figures have come to light , as a result both of its operating experiences and from the so-called "independent assessment report " , published this March , and even as a result of developments in the Union itself , in its acquis and in the challenges it faces .
These political decisions would be taken elsewhere , and by the appropriate people .
It will also be responsible , however , for analysing the data obtained based on the experience and the technical skills of its researchers .
We have no doubt whatsoever that drugs are an evil that must be fought , through eradicating the trade in them and through efficient work on prevention , treatment and rehabilitation .
The Monitoring Centre carries out its duties in the area of information , under the terms of its regulations .
Enlargement of the European Union to cover new countries is essential to the Union .
We have fulfilled our duty towards a European ideal and on the basis of our view of the world today and its problems .
We will achieve this through high levels of employment , economic growth and social cohesion .
We feel that we have defined a strategy creating conditions which make sustainable growth of at least 3 % possible in Europe and which will enable us to reach a level of employment of around 70 % in ten years .
These four elements of the strategy have already produced tangible results .
At the same time , this coordination will also cover the revision of our schemes and systems for social protection , employment , and fundamental concerns about cohesion .
