burden on the environment .
The supranational and , frequently , global scale of certain environmental problems demands cooperation at the local , regional , trans-frontier and international levels .
Mr President , all of us in this House wish to see a high level of social protection in the whole of Europe , of that there is no doubt .
In the Scandinavian countries the total outlay on social protection exceeds 30 % of gross domestic product .
And , of course , there are certain structural problems which have appeared in the social protection systems in recent years .
However , there are certain other pertinent factors that also have to be taken into account .
We should look at the implications and avoid rushing into dogmatic condemnation of private sector involvement in social insurance .
Technically it is excellent , but from a political standpoint those of us on this side have certain disagreements , which I have mentioned .
The Committee of Inquiry has carried out its monitoring without bias , and the results are clearly stated in its report , which presents the facts , attributes responsibility as appropriate and makes recommendations to prevent the same sort of thing and the irregularities in the workings of the Commission happening again .
We must be scrupulous and satisfy the citizens ' sense of justice .
In my view , Parliament should adopt a rigorous and condemnatory approach .
That approach will also be constructive because of the things that are being demanded from the Commission .
Thirdly , that it should move quickly towards full reorganization of the scientific committees and to ensure that their operations are based on purely scientific criteria .
If the Commission fails to act quickly , and in accordance with the Committee of Inquiry 's recommendations , you can be sure , Mr President of the Commission , that December will be the final month of your Commission .
It is not because of the Commission that the decision has not been given practical effect , but because the United Kingdom government has not requested an export licence - and I point that out in order to acquaint this House with the true facts .
Having violated nature in the name of economic growth , we are being faced every day with new problems and new , unknown , diseases , and those diseases have to be investigated as well , of course .
Why were they there ?
With great dignity , she said to us : ' I cannot get justice from the government of the United Kingdom , and I just want your Parliament to tell me who is to blame . '
I would like to thank the Commissioner for his reply .
I would therefore like the Commission to take note of the consequences of that policy and also of the fact that the undertaking in question , while claiming that it faces problems of competitiveness , is moving to other countries - to Switzerland and Wales , and even to the United States - and starting up operations there .
The Commission proposal we are debating concerns the adaptation of the Regulation establishing maximum residue limits for veterinary medicines in foodstuffs of animal origin .
The first issue relating to the adaptation of the Regulation involves extending the timescale for the evaluation procedure .
Mr President , I do not know whether it was a coincidence , but almost all the speakers on this issue so far have been women .
And this does not just concern BSE , but a range of other issues as well .
I think that particularly in my own country , Greece , one only has to switch on a television channel and in no time at all one can see all the European Union 's principles and guidelines being infringed .
As for the advertising of drugs , you turn on the television and see one drug after another being paraded in campaigns addressed at adults , minors , children and so on .
In other words , they might think that such a directive would have a serious and positive social dimension .
Mr President , I do not know whether I understood the President-in-Office 's answer correctly .
It must be accepted that situations exist in which extraordinary military expenditure may be both exceptional and independent of the wishes of the Member State , especially when that expenditure is motivated by threats of force which are in any case internationally prohibited .
Line B4 , Mr President-in-Office , involves not a single EC U.
So the three lines you mentioned are not relevant to my question .
For that reason , I believe that this reserve of 1 billion ECU - it is a reserve today , it is for the needs of agriculture , Mr President-in-Office , and we are holding it in reserve - could be used within the scope of the EAGGF to create a fund under the control not of the Commission but the Council , which would be used in cases such as BSE and other agricultural disasters in all the European Union 's countries .
I would even go as far as saying to the Council 's representative that I am in favour of Turkey 's full accession to the European Union , subject to one condition , however : that Turkey accepts the European Union 's principles concerning democracy , human rights and dignity , and the economic limits established by the EU for any country that wants to become a member of the European family .
And if she does not answer you , because eight months have passed , Mr President-in-Office , how does the Council intend to react ?
However , I also want to express my grave concern about the fact that the European Union has so far avoided condemning Turkey 's threats against Cyprus