and , lastly , the 10 % national voting threshold must be abolished , since it prevents popular democratic expression .     – Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , this report is excellent .
This report rightly stresses that the democratic process currently under way in Turkey is not progressing as quickly as we had hoped , but it overlooks some crucial progress made by Turkey , particularly in the area of foreign affairs .
The Commission will , of course , take account of this debate when it presents its own report on 8 November .
In doing so , it will not set itself up , either , as a teacher who tyrannically delivers his lessons .
That does not correspond , I might add , to any enlargement process that we have known in the past .
The completion of this section is made more difficult by the presence of protected areas and very built-up residential areas .
The national programmes , Mr Grandes Pascual , will be examined by the Directorate-General for Transport and myself , and we will have the opportunity , in these negotiations with both France and Spain , to point out the priorities .
I should like to tell you , Mr  Tarabella , that the Commission has recorded more than 5 500 letters linked to air passenger rights .
Once I truly have an overall view of things , I hope to be able to come before this Parliament and to explain to it both what improvements have been made and what remains for us to do to ensure that these new rules are applied effectively .
The contacts that I currently have refer me to a Brussels ‘technostructure ’ and to a Parliament that decides on strategic guidelines .
Just as an orchestra , with its violins and its pianos , needs a conductor in order to play well , we will ensure that there is a good conductor for all of these arrangements , one who is capable of making a success of this Cohesion Fund .     – Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I should like to begin by thanking our colleague , Mrs Krehl , for , and congratulating her on , her report and , in particular , on her first own-initiative report , which has enabled the European Parliament to voice its opinion on the guidelines on cohesion fairly early on , with the aim of being heard and of having an influence on the second version that has been proposed by the Commission and that we are debating .
What will come of this ?
I concur with the Commission ’s objective , which consists in ensuring that this allocation will also help create sustainable growth and employment in the outermost regions .     .
In the long term , this multiple patronage will be Galileo 's strength , but it is true that all of these players , all of these supporters of Galileo , will really need to adapt in order to make progress on the matter together .
The distribution of financial contributions between the Member States and the industrial players is largely dependent on the risk assessment , but this assessment itself requires the best possible understanding of Galileo 's possible applications .
In parallel with this , the industrial activities of the in-orbit validation phase began in December 2004 .
The clause did not include a deadline by which it had to be activated .
However , Article 67 of the Treaty establishing the European Community and Article 35 of the Treaty on European Union introduce such limitations on the competence of that jurisdiction that the judges themselves have expressed doubts as to whether certain legislation relating to the second and third pillars respects the principle of the rule of law .
This issue therefore needs to be resolved .
The nations of Europe should take charge of their own affairs again , as Switzerland has just done , and protect themselves against the migratory invasion that has only just begun .     Mr President , our debate is taking place soon after the Tampere II ministerial meeting , at which the Member States tackled issues fundamental to implementing a genuine European area of freedom , security and justice .
We also want to see partnerships implemented with the countries of origin and transit , based above all on respect for both fundamental rights and the right of asylum .
A few years ago , the idea of reaching the Canaries in small motor boats would have been absolutely unthinkable .
The Commission is now freezing the readmission agreements between Member States and interfering in family reunification policies and even wishes to bring in 25 million additional immigrants to curb the population decline .
Let us remember that , in our Schengen area , it is crucial to share responsibilities and the financial burden .
Remind your colleagues , however , that a common border has to be managed and protected jointly .
The example of Spain has shown that , in the area without borders in which we live , a government can no longer decide alone , and without consulting its partners , to regularise the status of all illegal immigrants on its territory .
The Council is to present us with a document at the beginning of 2007 and it will take account of our opinion .
Turkey is closer than ever to our gates .     – Mr President , we did not vote for Mr Demetriou 's report , even though it is a substantial improvement on the proposal for a framework decision tabled by the Council .
This programme also quite clearly has an ideological slant .
What is meant by inter-communal structure ?
There is now a threat hanging over administrations , mixed-economy societies and inter-communal structures , due to the risk of disputes in the name of competition law .
