initiative on which the Commission should be congratulated .
The first concerns the suitability of parties consenting to the referral of the case by the European Commission to one or more national authorities .
In fact , this is a version of the failing company defence principle , which has already been applied by the Commission and which we believe would improve the report if reflected in the text .
There are , however , other items into which the opinion of the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market has not been incorporated and which must be re-stated .
As part of SEAFO , the Community will be able to contribute to research and to the adoption of measures to conserve stocks , applying high levels of responsible management to fishing , as laid down in the International Law of the Sea .
I think this self-imposed restriction is particularly damaging to the principles of responsible fishing recommended by the Community , which the latter should advocate in all fora , in accordance with Article 174 of the Treaty , which states that the Community policy in this field will contribute to 'promoting measures at international level to deal with regional or worldwide environmental problems ? .
We support the proposal to create a common inspection and control structure , as requested by the European Parliament .
I would therefore ask the Commissioner to tell us , if possible , what action the Commission has taken in response to the non-compliances he describes in his communication with regard to Member States that have failed to comply with the requirements of Regulation (EC ) No 2740/1999 .
While accepting the need for a certain amount of flexibility in interpreting rules and assessing behaviour , I believe now is the time to back reinforced cooperation between the various national inspection authorities , in order to provide information on penalties for infringements committed and also to back truly dissuasive , efficient , effective penalties , equal treatment and also to back a brave decision to prevent the entry of the products of illegal fishing into the European Union .
The European Union does not have competence in the field of sexual or reproductive health - as Commissioner Byrne clearly reminded us yesterday - which falls to the Member States .
Gender equality programme ( 2001-2005 ) Mr President , Commissioner , I would like to thank Mrs Figueiredo for her work on the application of the gender equality work programme , since , as she has said and as we say continually in the Committee on Women 's Rights and Equal Opportunities , we still need to carry on working to achieve equality in most fields , such as equal pay and equal opportunities , despite the fact that this Chamber constantly receives reports of all types covering a wide range of legislation .
Gender is also very important in terms of social exclusion and poverty .
In considering the labour market as a vertical structure from the European , national , regional and local points of view , nobody doubts the role of the local market - perhaps , quantitatively , one-third of total employment - and this local dimension takes on particular significance in rural and peripheral areas .
Good communication between the local authorities and other authorities can also be a weapon in the battle to lower the accident rate .
These new policies must in no way constitute a barrier to those practices and ideas , but rather , must contribute to social development and to promoting respect for fundamental rights .
Once again , however , we achieved nothing more than grand declarations of principle and we have not been able to adopt the necessary measures and allocate the necessary resources to turn words into action .
The first document cited is the Universal Declaration of Human Rights of 1948 , which we should always use as a guide ; Article 2 of the EU-Egypt Euro-Mediterranean Association Agreement , which is still to be ratified , is also cited .
The pupil , however , was not as good as it appeared : there has been an excessive accumulation of public debt , uncontrolled public spending and now , as a result , the financial system has collapsed .
The most important thing is for the European institutions to instigate aid to Argentina , which is a democratic country , with freedom of the press , a high level of culture and excellent economic , commercial , political etc . relations with our Union .
This is true , but it is not the whole truth , because the victims were caused by military suppression and two real people , with first names and surnames , have died , while more than 90 have been injured , and , moreover , the police shot their way into the headquarters of the United Left Party .
Not just because Argentina is a favoured partner of the large trade bloc that goes by the name of Mercosur , but also because of its strong social and cultural links with old Europe .
This would be a new sub-paragraph 7( a ) as follows : ' Welcomes the recent announcement by President Duhalde with regard to bringing forward the electoral process by six months to spring 2003 , in order to reinforce democratic legitimacy ? .
In a common position , we have all - the Member States and Parliament - given our word .
I am aware that some of the Spanish MEPs , although not all of them , and the majority of Members of this House , know perfectly well that there is indeed a political deal that should be urgently tackled .
Mr President , we cannot stand by , we have the right and the obligation to prevent this appropriated money being used for the evil purposes of terrorism