  Mr President , in addition to analysing the EU’s policy to date , these communications are intended to lay the basis for the Commission ’s strategies to promote enterprise in developing countries and to prepare the Commission ’s position on the reform of State-owned enterprises .
In recent decades Structural Adjustment Programmes have been used to try and respond to the call for economic development .
The Commission quite rightly states that that there are various options for reforming State-owned enterprises , such as reform of a public enterprise without altering its ownership structure , or partial privatisation .
The various options for reform must be weighed up , and here it is essential to involve civil society , particularly users ’ and consumers ’ organisations , cooperatives and trade unions , in decision-making and in monitoring the measures taken .
It is excellent that the Commission should put forward an overall strategy for the business sector .
The basic aim of that strategy must simply be that there should be investment in the developing countries .
It cannot be based on the bottomless well principle .
For that reason , the channels of fair and sustainable trade must be made to work in such a way that European consumers are able to support enterprises and producers in developing countries by means of their own purchasing decisions .     Mr President , my colleague , John Bowis , never lets us down .
The agency for communicable diseases will be an immensely important body in the Union as infectious diseases have proved to be a major safety risk .
Furthermore , the threat of bioterrorism is unfortunately a real one , as the anthrax letters we saw in 2001 showed .
Under the Treaties the EU has a clear obligation here , and there are functional reasons that reinforce it : joint action in the preservation of public health and prevention of disease is more effective .
The regulation under discussion thus intends to establish the agency promised for Sweden in the package agreed at the European Council in December .
The latter only gives rise to national chauvinism , and that should be curbed where possible by revising the decision-making structures .     – Mr President , the Commission ’s proposal for a financial framework for the period 2007-2013 is right in its priorities , and I wish to thank President Romano Prodi for that .
So is a high-level infrastructure .
Similarly , investment in the young is crucial .
Programmes of education and training must be extended and diversified for youth to be able to acclimatise more readily to an international working environment .
The new Member States need support for reconstruction and for strengthening their economic environment .
If the development promised under the financial framework is to succeed , the administration has to be thoroughly modernised .
Mr President , the Commission shares Mr Paasilinna’s concern that in Europe the number of public sector websites that are currently accessible without difficulty is too limited .
In resolutions by the Council and Parliament the Commission was asked to monitor progress in order to obtain comparable data .
The Commission has followed these recommendations and in the next few weeks will publish a report explaining what has been achieved .
This has mainly been agreed within the context of voluntary eEurope cooperation .
When the time came for me to give our instructions I received 26 emails on the same day saying that Commissioner Liikanen’s website did not meet the agreed conditions .
As a result , this spring the Commission is to begin a public hearing on a Green Paper on future strategy to combat discrimination .
Would the Green Paper also cover the lot of the socially excluded and any programmes or plans for closing the digital divide ?     . – Mr President , I shall do my best to see to it that this too is given greater prominence when the matter is being dealt with .
Thank you .     – Mr President , the Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party is satisfied with the Commission ’s statement .
On the other hand it is obvious that eating farmed salmon is less healthy than eating wild salmon .
The rivers flowing into the Baltic have produced young that have migrated to feed on what the sea areas have to offer : shrimp and small fish .
That , however , has not had much effect .
There have been continual disputes over salmon fishing rights .
Now that , with enlargement , the Baltic Sea is to become even more obviously an inland sea of the Union , a comprehensive plan should be drawn up to protect salmon stocks and organise fishing activity .
Rivers and streams that make good spawning grounds must be made suitable to permit increases in salmon stocks .
Once the natural reproduction process for salmon is improved , the level of introduced fish stocks can be reduced and in the course of time perhaps abandoned altogether .
Fishing has to be restricted so that the sustainable and natural renewal of salmon stocks is assured .
Unfortunately , we are still a long way from implementing this objective .
The citizens of the Union must be able to move freely within the EU , and at the same time we have to step up the fight against crime .
The Schengen Convention is an important step forward in the area of free movement .
During the first stage there will still be internal border checks on the frontiers between the new and the old Member States .
There have to be increased levels of cooperation between the authorities in the EU Member States in the prevention of , and fight against , crime .
It can take several years for a convention to come into effect from the time it was negotiated