report .
Our group supports the committee’s line , that there should be adequate funding for cohesion policy and reviews made of state aid policies , that there should not be any renationalisation of regional policy and that areas with permanent difficulties , islands , sparsely populated and mountainous regions , and regions subject to the statistical effect should receive special treatment .
I am pleased that progress is being made in the simplification of administration .
To justify the work of the EU there is an urgent need for a certain regional approach to issues and an understanding of the user’s point of view .     –Mr President , I wish first of all to thank the rapporteur , Mr Garriga Polledo , for an excellent report .
The new Member States have to be included in the work of the EU as a whole .
This means they also have to receive their rightful share of employees and officials to work in the EU’s different institutions .
The Commission ’s request for 700 new posts is right , even if it is a huge number .
Administration must move more in the direction of activity-based management , where what is most important is better productivity and cost-effectiveness .
This will bring pressures for budget heading 3 , ‘Internal Policies’ , in particular .
Members of Parliament must be able to see clearly what EU money has achieved or can achieve .     – Mr President , Commissioner , I have a proposal to make , because I can see the problem the honourable Member brought to our attention .
Could the matter of safeguarding a person’s privacy become part of the job description of the European Network and Information Security Agency which is now being set up , so that the agency would follow developments in the area and afterwards say whether legislation is needed or not ?
Could this be possible ?     – Mr President , Commissioner , I really have to say I am very unhappy with this old-fashioned reply , which is totally irrelevant to the age we live in .
This is the roaming policy .
I could name such companies but the Commissioner might be able to think of some of them himself .
If these , the two largest economic and military players in the world , were to come into permanent conflict , as unlikely as that may be , it would be a global disaster .
That is why our group , in any political or economic disagreements that happen to arise , tries to look ahead and find solutions rather than point the finger .
The unilateralism shown by the American leadership , one example of which is the Iraq war and its aftermath , and the policy President Bush’s administration has pursued which we think has recently only taken the interests of Israel into account , cannot have our approval .
Good signs of this are already visible in America’s attitude to the forthcoming Iraqi administration under the supervision of the UN.
For example , America’s unilateral approach to applying the concept of dumping is not in harmony with good trade practices , but protectionism .
By this I do not mean that the blame always lies elsewhere and not with us .
We also have to open up our markets in this sense to a greater extent than previously .
I wish furthermore to stress that the values we share , as has been often been said here , on which both continents – I am including Canada here – will build their future , democracy , freedoms and rights of the individual , human rights , a society based on statutory law , the market economy with its system of free enterprise , are such a wide basis for the development of natural , lasting and good relations between us , that conflicting interests can surely be settled .
Human rights must not be allowed to become hostage to short-sighted and often media-led day-to-day politics .
Human rights work calls for an overall view of the situation and the systematic , sustained and consistent prioritisation of problems , both in thematic and geographical terms , that is based on its own system of logistics .
Unless we can improve the way we coordinate the EU’s internal and external human rights monitoring processes and put them on a par with one another , unless we are able to engage in more vigorous post-monitoring activity and disregard irrelevant political motives and hidden agendas , we will be leaving a sad legacy to the next Parliament .
Only if we can put our own house in order can we in any credible way demand that Member States and the Council give up their attitude to trade policy and other narrow views on what they might gain from a situation , and create a consistent and lasting policy .
A free , independent and diverse mass media is a fundamental right .
Information is a major industry that guides governments and nations .
Italy now has nothing less than a system of perpetual motion : a huge economic power has bought the power of the media , which in turn legitimises political power .
Why do we not intervene in this , the way we do with regard to human rights violations ?
This after all is a violation of the right to access to information , which is a fundamental right in the human information society .     . – Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , Mr Sterckx was unable to remain in Strasbourg this evening , and I am speaking for him .
Harmonisation aims to reduce the number of barriers to an EU-wide railway network .
Under the agreement Member States agree to keep the introduction of national safety rules to a minimum .
