waste , large combustion plants ( Before the vote : I support Mrs Hennis-Plasschaert 's report on the next steps in border management in the European Union .
The adoption of a number of my amendments , which were aimed at highlighting doubts concerning the need and the proportionality of the system and at criticising the culture of suspicion that increasingly pervades decisions relating to external border management , have led me to endorse the report in plenary .
The Member States , for their part , are allegedly necessarily deaf to their distress , repressive and too slow to take decisions .
The rapporteur is quite right to stress that we need to stipulate that agricultural and food products imported into Europe must meet the same standards as are required of European producers , which is unfortunately not always the case at present .
I nevertheless find it regrettable that this action plan is not a legally binding instrument .
With regard to my own report , Parliament has got what it wanted on almost all the important points in it , firstly because ships will be inspected not only in ports but also at anchorages , as we called for .
This is perfectly justified given that it is also one of the busiest in the world and , in geographical terms , one of the most complicated in the world .
The Commission and the Council , under pressure from economic disasters set off by the financial crisis , are finally thinking about calling tax havens into question .
Personally , with regard to the requirement for insurance against damages to third parties , in other words , serious pollution and damages subsequent to a maritime accident , I think we need to ensure that , in particular , the major international conventions are ratified , because that is a commitment made by the Member States .
The second effectively proposes that all the Member States should align their information exchange standards to the most open level , particularly by ensuring that Member States cannot use financial confidentiality as an excuse to refuse to provide information that other Member States need in order to calculate their residents ' taxes .
In our Community , the advantage of each of the member countries is the effect of the prosperity of the whole . '
This support for the real economy amounts to a total of 3.3 % of GDP and includes a real contribution from the European budget .
Mr President , I would like briefly to pick out three themes which I believe must guide this European Council 's work : stabilising financial markets , revitalising the real economy and helping people make it through the crisis .
Look at the financial system .
This is central to what we are doing .
Launching a process now which takes us up to the Employment Summit in May gives us two months of intensive efforts to put plans in place and , if possible , to develop new and more ambitious strategies to tackle the unemployment problem .
In the medium term , we need to provide better training for employees for when the crisis ends and , in the long term , we need to innovate , including in social organisations via employer groups .
This is the Europe of Jean Monnet and of all the founding fathers .
I hope that the next European Council will take inspiration from this approach .
In reality , if we are truly to get rid of these floating wrecks , the European Union must set about fighting ultra-liberalism .
It is remarkable that this report should admit several failures by the European Union on social issues .
The problem is therefore not technical , but political .
This activity is running in parallel with the finalisation of the technical analysis of the underlying problems .
To this end , common comparison criteria have been agreed on for the purposes of assessing the respective advantages and disadvantages of each solution .
We shall have several 'slots' , or times , when new Member States that are not Schengen members will be able to join in SIS II , and so , all being well , there should not be any particular problems .
The corresponding contracts include feasibility studies , development of the actual central system , support and quality control , the s-Testa network , preparation for operational management in Strasbourg , security , preparations in relation to biometric matters , and communication .
One billion people do not have access to safe drinking water ; two and a half billion people do not have access to sanitation ; five thousand children under the age of six die every day from diseases caused by lack of clean drinking water or sanitation , or by their poor quality .
Public development aid must therefore be used together with the resources of local authorities , bank loans , private capital and innovative partnerships .
We now realise that these questions were probably justified .
The Directorate-General for Competition has indicated , in some cases , that it considers this piece of legislation to be contrary to the competition rules , but then it believes that it is up to the industry to find an alternative solution .
Before this migration can take effect , however , the sensitive problem , the sensitive issue of multilateral interchange fees , needs to be resolved .
I therefore genuinely call upon you , please , to act wisely .
No, the governments of the ACP countries did not accept continuing negotiations under pressure or threats .
The second fundamental subject for which we are awaiting a response concerns the Singapore Issues .
Unfortunately , contrary to the repeated recommendations of our political group , it is the European Development Fund that is to be used as the primary source of funding for the EPAs .
