his colleague instead .
If we believe that human rights are universal , we really cannot regard China as the exception , as Mrs Gomes remarked - and I quite agree with her .
So let us apply the same yardstick to China as we do other countries .
We must , however , see more action than just diplomatic gestures .
Lately , there have been a number of disturbing incidents involving executions that were conducted with questionable trials and with uncommon haste .
As the European Union speaks out for minority rights and abhors the death penalty , we urge the Chinese Government to open up the process by which citizens are tried and sentenced to death , and commute the sentences of those who were not given fair and open trials .
Mr President , I understand the displeasure felt by some Members here that our resolution on China was actually scheduled for a date after the visit by the Chinese delegation and hence might , by chance , give an impression of an unsuccessful journey , although the atmosphere was , in fact , excellent .
It is everyone 's desire that cooperation continues in a positive spirit , without , however , forgetting the facts .
Only recently , I was on a visit to Pakistan , where I met the President , the Prime Minister and prominent ministers to discuss human rights and the fight against terrorism .
A year ago , Pakistan 's new democratically elected government appointed the first Minister for Minorities , who himself represents the Christian minority .
Minorities together with Muslims are forming local 'inter-faith harmony ' committees , whose purpose it will be to soothe tensions and improve dialogue between the various groups .
Pakistan is the most crucial country in terms of global security .
If the government succeeds in eliminating terrorism by such peaceful means as these , the example will be worth following .
Debates on cases of breaches of human rights , democracy and the rule of law ( debate ) 1 .
The financial and economic crisis has brought with it an employment and a social crisis , and it is indeed predicted that there will be another 10 million unemployed people in Europe next year .
Nevertheless , we must also invest , for example , in young people 's workshops and business incubators , as well as entrepreneurship education .
We can now clearly see the sort of problems that many Member States are facing because the European Arrest Warrant was built on sand .
It is indeed built on sand , because the assumption is that Member States should be able to rely on the legal systems of others : that the rule of law and norms relating to fair trials are a reality in the various Member States .
We need to establish a comprehensive system in which minimal rights in criminal procedures are taken forward .
I promised to tell you a story about what happens if the rule of law is not adhered to but the European Arrest Warrant system is .
Now this couple is in Finland .
What on earth is one to do in this situation , given that the basic notion here is that Finland should be able to rely on the fact that in Lithuania , this couple will have a fair trial ?
We have very hard evidence that that has not actually been the case , and I would say that there are any number of examples of everyday cases such as this , where the European Arrest Warrant has actually been meaningless .
Member of the Commission . - Mr President , let me thank you on behalf of the Commission for the chance to discuss the outcome of the Copenhagen conference on climate change and the follow-up to the Copenhagen Accord .
I want to express our appreciation for the active and supportive role the European Parliament played before the conference and at the conference itself .
I believe we share the view that the result of Copenhagen falls badly short of our goal of an ambitious and legally binding agreement , which would be necessary to limit climate change to below 2° C. This is extremely disappointing for all of us who have fought for years and years for concrete policy decisions to reverse climate change .
On the one hand - to find something positive - the Copenhagen Accord at least recognises the need to limit climate change to below 2° C. It also invites the developed countries to list economy-wide emission targets by 31 January 2010 and calls for the developing countries to list mitigation actions by the same date .
Furthermore , the Accord sets the basis for a rather substantial financial package of USD 30 billion for the coming three years and recognises the need for USD 100 billion annually by 2020 .
It contains no reference to mid-term or long-term mitigation targets .
Looking ahead , the next step will be to ensure that this Accord will at least become operational and will pave the way for a new climate treaty , which must be agreed on urgently in the course of this year .
In this respect , we need to explore ways of setting up a Copenhagen Green Climate Fund .
One striking lesson certainly is that we must learn to speak with one voice .
In Copenhagen , China , India , the United States and other major powers each spoke with one voice , while Europe spoke with many different voices .
We are indeed at a crossroads today .
We must do better than that and we can do .
For the first time , the United Nations document mentions a two degree warming limit , but the emission limits stated by various countries at Copenhagen are the equivalent of more than a three degree rise in global warming .
