Thus , despite the crisis which adversely affected this sector , this is the time to undertake a major transformation of the sector , making it safer , more sustainable and more efficient .
The Treaty of Lisbon reaffirmed this right as a cornerstone of European citizenship , and created the necessary conditions for greater public participation in the EU decision-making process , so as to reinforce its legitimacy and responsibility .
However , statistics on the number of inadmissible petitions show that the right to petition as a tool that allows the European public to put its concerns before Parliament about the effect of policies and European legislation on everyday life is not yet being correctly used by all those who turn to it .
The right to petition enshrined in the Treaty of Lisbon makes provision for the possibility of the European public approaching Parliament whenever they feel that their rights have been violated .
Youth unemployment is one of the most important and urgent problems faced by Europe , currently affecting 5.5 million people under 25 throughout the European Union : a structural problem that has seen its economic and social impacts greatly increased by the recent economic crisis .
I voted in favour of the report on promoting youth access to the labour market , strengthening trainee , internship and apprenticeship status , both of which are fundamental to guaranteeing that it is not youth that pays the price for the current crisis .
Given the current economic crisis , today in the EU , we have more than 5.5 million young people under 25 without jobs , a number equivalent to twice the overall unemployment rate .
This report certainly gives visibility to the serious problem of youth unemployment , which is currently twice as high as unemployment in general , but does not put forward basic measures to really resolve the situation , which would require a break with the current policies of the Stability Pact and other monetarist , liberal and anti-social policies currently in force .
With the global economic recession , this problem has taken on even more worrying dimensions , as we are faced with more than 5.5 million unemployed young people under 25 .
Atypical employment is defined by new forms of contract , which have one or more of the following characteristics : part-time , casual , temporary , fixed-term work , working from home and telecommuting , or part-time work for a period not exceeding 20 hours per week .
It is a fact that the economic crisis has significantly exacerbated the number of atypical contracts and precarious work-related situations .
Atypical employment is defined by new forms of contract , which have one or more of the following characteristics : part-time , casual , temporary , fixed-term work , working from home and telecommuting , or part-time work for a period not exceeding 20 hours per week .
I still advocate the urgent extension of protection to work undertaken in atypical forms of employment .
If Europe wants to put greater focus on the public , it needs to strive to be inclusive with regard to the labour market .
Treatment of waste is a problem that affects Europe and all of humanity .
A specific ruling for the management of bio-waste seems to me to be a basic corollary of the execution of the principles contained in the Framework Directive on Waste .
It is also important not to neglect the positive effects of improved management of bio-waste , namely , the impact on the functioning of the internal market , on the future of agriculture through preservation and recuperation of soil fertility and also on the promotion of renewable energy .
I welcome the adoption of this resolution , for which I am the rapporteur , which supports the drafting of a specific directive on bio-waste by the end of 2010 and the establishment of a separate collection system for Member States , except when this is not the best option , environmentally or economically speaking .
Our position is ambitious and realistic .
The question unanswered in the report is : who will pay ?
I believe that the measures aimed at improving the management of bio-wastes in the European Union are vital in view of the extensive environmental and economic benefits that they will bring .
It should also be emphasised that combating climate change , to which the EU is pledged and in which it is world leader , requires proper waste management , given that this is the fourth largest source of greenhouse gases in the EU.
This waste can be transformed , constituting an added value for society , given that , if we can gain advantages from it , we can renew industries and use resources which otherwise would not be used .
In fact , we need strong European supervision architecture , covering all products and actors , endowed with efficient methodologies and intervention instruments capable of responding to a market reality which does not recognise national frontiers , especially in the European context .
We need to harmonise all the relevant national legal frameworks for crisis management , not least the laws for bankruptcy and winding up .
This means an enormous concentration of risk , but also an opportunity to intervene primarily in them .
There was a huge majority - 87 % - in favour of this proposal in the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs vote .
A special mention for the office staff , for Susana Vravova , and for the services of the committee .
For this reason , we welcome the rejection at this second reading of the application of emissions trading to nitrogen dioxide and sulphur dioxide as some have suggested , and we have noted the amendment that clarifies the possibility of also setting limits , and hence an approach by legislation and not by the market , for carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases subject