this directive as the first-ever EU law introducing Europe-wide rights for our 37 million disabled citizens , an end to the back-door route to legislate for disability rights and a tribute to the disability movement which has campaigned for this day .
In particular the agreement of the principle of reasonable accommodation , pioneered in Sweden and Ireland , will now ensure that employers across Europe adapt their workplaces , acquire specialist equipment and amend their working practices so that disabled employees really do get a fair chance .
It might simply mean lowering a light switch by a metre but , for the wheelchair user it makes the difference between a job or no job .
I thank Mr Mann for his support on this point .
I also thank my colleague , Mr Cashman , for accepting my amendments on the action programme which will guarantee European money to cover the extra cost of disability , to promise information accessible to all , and to ensure that disabled people can speak for themselves .
Two more messages .
Firstly , to all MEPs , remember that we achieved a strong directive combating race discrimination , for which I was proud to act as co-rapporteur , with action against incitement , for the right to go to court , to empower NGOs , to shift the burden of proof .
Do not meddle with these hard-won gains .
Secondly , to the Commissioner , I know you will not today be able to accept my Amendment No 56 on procurement , but in your reply I ask you to promise this House that you will bring forward new legislation to link the power of the public purse to companies ' compliance with these laws .
Please also tell us that it was a mistake for the Commission to propose core funding for only one European NGO representing each discriminated group .
This legislation is about valuing diversity .
Do not ignore your own words by denying deaf people , people with learning difficulties , and self-managed organisations of disabled people the possibility even to sit at the table .
Mr President , discrimination on religious grounds is as unacceptable as any other form of discrimination .
We have seen the tragic results in Northern Ireland and in the Balkans .
It simmers away under the surface in several parts of our European Union .
Nevertheless the spiritual dimension is a vital dimension of our European way of life .
It is a clear fact of our European history that we have a large number of religions and each of those religions has various and diverse churches , denominations and trends .
It is important that they should be able to uphold their beliefs .
I welcome the rather obvious fact that priests and ministers can be restricted to the relevant faith without promoting accusations of illegal discrimination .
But that is not enough .
We must support Amendment No 37 by the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs , which also exempts any restrictions on the religion or faith of persons who come directly into contact with members of that faith in education , social welfare or health care , for example , teachers in denominational schools , doctors and nurses in hospitals and hospices , visitors to inmates in prison , counsellors and carers for children , old people , teenagers and married couples , where these socially desirable services are provided by religious bodies .
A spiritual dimension is vital to Europe .
We must avoid absurd tangles of red tape , which will only succeed in reducing Europe to a purely materialistic , politically correct but pointless entity .
Mr President , it may have passed some people by , but the fact that I am able to stand here and lead a debate on the Council 's annual report on arms exports is really quite sensational , firstly because for years this Parliament called for a code of conduct in arms exports and was told it was an impossible dream .
Yet we have a code , thanks largely to the initiative of the British Foreign Secretary , Robin Cook , proof once again that where Parliament leads today , the Council will eventually follow .
Secondly , when the code was agreed cynics said it was too weak and it would not work .
Yet it is clear from the annual report that it has worked better than all expectations , including those of the Member State governments who approached this project with great suspicion .
The code of conduct has led to greater mutual understanding , greater transparency and a greater convergence of Member States ' policies .
Furthermore non-EU countries are queuing up to associate themselves with the code .
Clearly the more global the code the more effective it will be .
Thirdly , it was also feared that the code would be implemented in secret .
Yet today , thanks to the Finnish Presidency , we are able to discuss the annual report .
So great progress has been made in a short period of time .
That I welcome and I congratulate everyone involved .
Effective and coherent EU policy on arms exports is essential if the EU is to pursue its external objectives , particularly given that we have so many areas of instability on our borders .
You cannot claim to respect democracy and human rights if you do not act to stop weapons of murder and repression falling into the wrong hands .
You cannot seriously pursue conflict prevention and peacemaking without controlling arms exports , particularly small arms .
You cannot expect public support for peacemaking operations if our troops face death from weapons which we have ourselves supplied .
At the same time the European defence industries remain strategically and economically important to the EU.
In order to survive they need to continue their consolidation and rationalisation .
