motion for a resolution , it is not a question of opposing the increase in oil prices , which is unavoidable , but rather of softening the brutal effects of such an increase by making it an annual one .
Democracy consists of allowing nations to govern themselves or to choose representatives to defend their interests within decision-making authorities , parliaments or governments .
Of course , family policies will endeavour to create contributors and contributions .
That is why we want a statement and a debate to be included on Thursday ’s agenda , and , if possible , as the first agenda item in the morning .     – Mr President , after consulting the various groups , and in order to keep in line with them , we have decided that it is better to withdraw the request to submit a resolution .
Asylum seekers are held in cages without any opportunity to get out , and their most basic rights are overlooked .
We will not shirk the responsibilities incumbent on us as wealthy nations when it comes to receiving victims of oppression or fighting against poverty , which – lest we forget – represents the fundamental cause of migrations .     Mr President , I believe that the visits undertaken by the European Parliament’s Committee on Civil Liberties , Justice and Home Affairs have the great merit of highlighting the fact that the imprisonment of foreigners has become , as it were , the standard way of managing migration issues and that this logic of imprisoning foreigners throughout Europe clearly demonstrates the limits of this development and its entirely unacceptable consequences - particularly in Malta - for the reasons that have already been pointed out in the debate .
Among other things , they define the projects of European interest as a series of projects on priority axes which are of a cross-border nature or which have significant impact on cross-border transmission capacity .
Our vote will enable us to provide the Union with one of the tools needed in order to attain the objectives that it has set itself .     Mr President , that did not happen in Europe , but it could have done .
I will take these three examples and I will propose forceful ideas to you on these policies , ladies and gentlemen .
It seems to us that the threshold criteria that are already in force within the Commission prevent it from declaring its competence each time that it ought to .
Thus , Commissioner , we are persevering on the poverty path which , after ten rounds of GATT and WTO negotiations , has done nothing for Africa .
During the debates on our European Constitution , we had explained that we needed a more political Europe in order to exist in a world that is becoming more complex by the day .
We are , of course , aware of the importance of this agreement both for the Moroccan Government and for European fishermen themselves .
It emphasises the need , if we are really going to implement the Lisbon Strategy , to draw up , at EU level , the investment plans that we need in order to support the policies that will enable us to confront the challenges facing us in terms of knowledge , training and employment .
It can be done , but the checks need to be strengthened so that the first beneficiaries of this measure do not become its first victims .     Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , in times of uncertainty , the European Union must return to its basic principles .
To make it more attractive , the whole thing is garnished with good intentions when it comes to protecting the weakest within this monstrous model , which they happily mix up with immigration , and have a history of not putting up with any arguments on this issue .
By forcing the Council to work under the scrutiny of the cameras , we will end up with formal exchanges and backroom negotiations .
For that reason , I did not want to vote in favour during the final vote .     .
The ball is now in the court of the Council , to whom it falls to define its common position .
The present circumstances and the weight of the in this respect merit our renewed attention , especially at a time of the enlargement of the European Union to include countries whose social standards are attractive to economic and political leaders obsessed with lowering costs and lifting ‘barriers to competition ’ in the notorious free market economy in which competition is open and undistorted .
The Services Directive is now a structure balancing on pillars of equal importance to us .
We shall , of course , have to remain vigilant and we shall have to request some further information .
For all that , we have to ensure that European legislation and regulations give added value : they must be targeted , they must conform to the principles of subsidiarity and they must be correctly implemented , while at the same time being proportionate to the needs that they are intended to meet .
That is why the Commission has launched a vast system for better lawmaking that combines several measures : a system designed to evaluate the impact of the Commission ’s important proposals ; a programme designed to simplify the legislation in force and to withdraw a number of the Commission ’s proposals that are awaiting consideration by Parliament and the Council ; and more frequent recourse to other ways of resolving problems aside from conventional legislation , for example , self-regulation by the parties concerned or coregulation by the legislator .
Also , the authors of impact assessments need feedback to know if they have done a good job .
