with our African partners .
And every time it returns to the subject the situation has got worse and not only in East Timor .
Given the situation in Indonesia , when are we going to take a common stance that has effective consequences on our political and economic relations with that country ?
We should not forget this and we should not lose any opportunity to recall that this is the case .
The European Union must stop propping that regime up but that would mean exchanging principles and values for business .
Thirdly , we must back and promote any action which is aimed at using the resources at the European Union 's disposal to improve human rights in Timor and finally , we must promote the publication of a White Paper which brings together witness reports and documentation about human rights violations in East Timor .
The existence of an International Criminal Court with a well-defined statute and a very well-limited scope ( and practical actions to take ) would certainly be a major deterrent for stopping crimes against humanity and crimes against human rights , all which are taking place in various parts of the world .
That is why this resolution has been passed and is in line with others already approved by the Council and subscribed to by the Commission in terms of the respect of human rights , not only in Indonesia but in general , and the influence that this might have on the Community 's political and economic relations .
Mr Alexander Nikitin acted as a citizen and as such he deserves our solidarity , that of Europe and the rest of the world .
That is also why we think of Colombia as a priority country under the rubric of democratisation and human rights in Latin America .
The events which have been attacked do not result , on the other hand , as it might seem and has been suggested in some of the proposals , from the application of recent decisions by the Council on expulsions ; they have absolutely nothing to do with them .
The Commission , for its part , has had the opportunity to emphasize , in various circumstances , mainly through its statement to the Council and the European Parliament and what was said by my colleague , Anita Gradin , in the European Parliament , that its approach is based on two principles which must always be kept in mind and taken jointly : on one hand , controls on migratory flows but , at the same time , the integration of illegal immigrants .
As for the question of natural disasters and those , in particular , which struck Greece and Spain in July and August this year , the Commission would like to repeat its deep condolences and present its sympathies to the victims of those tragedies .
I should like , however , to say that the Commission is completely open to try , along with the national authorities of each of those countries , and re-use Structural Funds , which might be seen as the most convenient way of alleviating the effects of these disasters on farm production or other economic structures .
We have reservations , for example , about the question of ' Communitization ' , defended by the rapporteur , of a large part of the 'third pillar ' , which would not be shocking if it were limited simply to aspects connected with fighting fraud , as the rapporteur 's intention seems to be , but raises doubts if we look at the fact that this is not really where the problem lies .
Particular emphasis is given both to energy savings and related issues and to the reform of the legal and regulatory framework of the energy sector , with a view to creating a favourable climate for investment .
In some cases the financing has been taken over by the PHARE and TACIS programmes after careful reviewing and planning , while financing centres that have not been successful will be discontinued .
Safety must not be undermined .
Such structures are based on a safety culture at all levels of the design , manufacture and operation of equipment and facilities .
A framework has to be defined for publishing the results of the programmes while recognizing the intellectual property issue .
Two types of coordination ought to be considered : firstly coordination of Community programmes devoted specifically to energy , namely THERMIE , SAVE , ALTENER and SYNERGY .
In addition , the services of the Commission work closely together and have set up structures to ensure permanent contact and avoid duplication .
We hope that the partnership and cooperation agreement with Russia will soon be ratified so that we can also strengthen our relations with this very important country which is an active and fully fledged member of the Council of Baltic Sea States .
As a member of the Council of Baltic Sea countries , the Commission has actively participated in the elaboration of action programmes adopted at the ministerial meeting in Kalmar which took place in July .
From this point of view , we must welcome the many initiatives and events which have taken place in the Baltic Sea area .
But we are well aware that the agreement which has been signed has yet to be ratified .
Moreover , there are other programmes working in the Community 's transfrontier area , such as INTERREG , which might obviously also apply here .
From this point of view , our curriculum speaks for itself and this is the direction in which we shall continue .
However , I do think that everything that we are learning and hearing from the committees of inquiry on BSE , concerning the failure to implement proposals made by Parliament , common sense proposals , has led me to be very cautious