An investigation recently undertaken by UNCTAD looks at the effects of the proposal .
It concludes that the proposal will be to the advantage of all the least developed countries .
The advantages would , however , be much greater if the other countries in the quartet of participants in the meeting - Canada , Japan and the United States - were to follow the EU 's example because , at the moment , duty is imposed on half of these countries ' exports in Canada , Japan and the United States .
The summit focused particularly upon Africa , where the majority of these poor countries are situated .
It is the Commission that must answer the more detailed part of the question , however .
In the conclusions of 27 September 2001 , to which Mr Sterckx referred , the Council took note of the Commission 's report on the application of the regulation on the free movement of goods - what is termed the strawberry regulation .
The report was not , however , a formal proposal from the Commission on which the Council was to adopt a position .
The Council and Parliament were merely called upon to take note of the report .
Nonetheless , the Council chose to respond to the Commission 's report by adopting formal conclusions at the 'internal market ' meeting on the day in question .
Even though there was still limited experience of applying the regulation , the Council welcomed some of the Commission 's initiatives designed to facilitate its practical application , for example a handbook on the procedures to be followed if obstacles are placed in the way of the free movement of goods .
That is a central feature of the internal market .
With regard to Mr Sterckx 's question concerning the arrangements made by the Member States for implementing the Council conclusions of 27 September , it has to be said that it is not the Council 's task to monitor what arrangements are made by the Member States in this area .
Moreover , I do not wish in any way to trivialise the problem raised by Mr Sterckx .
I do not , therefore , wish to trivialise the matter , and I should like to pursue it further in the Council , but it must be the Commission that undertakes the inspection .
Mr President , in 1992 , a report was submitted on fishing for industrial purposes in the North Sea , the Skagerrak and the Kattegat - the sea around Denmark .
On 28 May of this year , the Commission submitted a communication on the reform of the common fisheries policy in which it proposed that fishing with a view to producing fishmeal should be targeted at fish for which there is no commercial consumer market and that this type of fishing should continue to be monitored carefully .
Council Decision 2000/766/EC applies only to fishmeal feed for ruminants , and then only if the feed fulfils the conditions in the Commission decision .
I should like finally to emphasise that I well understand why this question has been asked .
Such a system is laid down in the Cuban constitution but has not been put into effect .
Since 1996 , the EU 's links with Cuba have been defined by the EU 's common position on Cuba .
As stated in the common position , the objective of the links with Cuba is to promote the transition to a pluralist democracy and respect for human and civic rights , as well as sustainable economic recovery and an improvement in the Cuban population 's standard of living .
We believe that a results-oriented dialogue and humanitarian aid are the best means of achieving that objective .
The Troika met the Cuban delegation led by foreign minister Felipe Perez Roque .
At its meeting on 17 June of this year in Luxembourg , the General Affairs Council approved the eleventh review of the EU 's common position on Cuba .
The Council thought it was important to continue the dialogue with Cuba so that practical results might be achieved , and it also let it be known that it is awaiting clear signals from the Cuban Government that the latter is fulfilling the objectives laid down in the common position .
We believe that the Varela Project is an important initiative which , with the strong support of Cuban civil society , can pave the way for the changes which the country needs and which Cuban society is calling for .
In the declaration , the EU expresses the hope that the National Assembly will adopt the initiative being considered and that the Varela Project will be the jumping-off point for a debate that will be able to promote a peaceful transition to a pluralist democracy and a Cuban society at peace with itself .
It was confirmed that the common position continues to form the basis of the EU 's policy towards Cuba , and it was noted that this policy still applies .
The Council observed certain positive signs , such as greater religious freedom , fewer political prisoners , no use of the death penalty for the last two and a half years and the ratification of several UN instruments concerning human rights .
It observed that there have recently been signs of greater openness on the part of the Cuban authorities .
In that connection , the Council is following with interest developments in the project referred to , which is warranted by the constitution .
The conclusion , therefore , is that the Council should give maximum attention to Cuba , follow developments there and persist in making demands upon the country but , at the same time , note the modest forms of progress which have taken place in spite of everything and which the Council hopes may lead to more such progress in