the single currency ' , whilst nevertheless still exhorting them to take all necessary steps in order to minimise price increases during the changeover period .
I also regret that not enough importance has been given to the continuing provision of high-quality public services in rural areas ( including in mountain and extremely remote areas ) in order to combat isolation and to provide universal access to education , healthcare , transport and communications , culture and a decent life for farmers and their families .
There are increasing signs that the most underdeveloped regions are still finding it difficult to break out of the poverty cycle .
There is no doubt that this is an EP own-initiative report that is highly relevant and topical , yet , despite raising pertinent questions on timber and fish exploitation and trade , it does not call into question the framework of trade relations between the EU and these countries , in particular when it mentions again the 'not yet fully agreed and signed Economic Partnership Agreement ( EPA ) with the West African countries ' .
In its decision of 12 December 2007 , the Conference of Presidents designated the Committee on Legal Affairs as the lead committee to deal with this comitology alignment and the specialised committees as opinion-giving committees .
These are the two main factors at the heart of the worsening crisis in the sector . on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group . - ( PT ) It is well-known that sheep and goat farming is extremely important , particularly in less favoured and mountain areas , as it helps to keep people on the land , naturally upkeep less fertile areas , and preserve landscapes and sensitive ecosystems .
This means that the Commission and Member States must give absolute priority to this problem of the transparency of prices in the sector .
Finally , I want to reaffirm the need to support , through a range of measures , the production of traditional cheeses from the milk of these animals .
It also involves the external dimension of terrorism .
The Irish 'no ' means that the process of ratifying the Lisbon Treaty in the EU must be brought to a close and laid to rest once and for all .
The compromise reached in this second reading process is the result of cooperation between the Commission , the Council and Parliament .
Nevertheless , this exception shall be reviewed should scientific evidence come to light proving that their consumption carries health risks .
We welcome the Commission 's commitment to a multilateral code of conduct , under the aegis of the International Monetary Fund .
I think the main issue remains whether the European Union 's current policies and instruments will allow us to definitively overcome the serious crisis in the world economy and its consequences for Europe .
However , we do know it will get a lot worse before it gets better .
Despite sporadic measures to meet the justified demands of the overwhelming majority of the fisheries sector , we are once again faced with attempts to use the deteriorating financial situation in this sector to introduce measures that further encourage and accelerate the reduction in the number of vessels .
The objectives of this proposal for a regulation are the organisation of the reception and processing of visa applications in relation to the introduction of biometrics in the Visa Information System (VIS ) at EU level , providing , firstly , for the obligation to provide biometric data to be stored in the VIS and the standards for doing so and , secondly , the provisions on the organisation of the reception of visa applications .
Key technical aspects affecting the main fleets have not been resolved ; on the contrary , new restrictions such as an additional biological recovery period have been imposed , without much scientific rigour .
On the contrary , and as is pointed out , the best way to protect the rights of the Roma is to guarantee access to education , housing and healthcare , employment and social security in the framework of inclusion and integration policies .
I believe that the action of the international community is crucial to resolving the current humanitarian crisis .
President Sarkozy spent roughly a third of his speech defending the Lisbon Treaty and on continuing pressurisation and blackmail of Ireland , forgetting what the very rules of the European Union say on the entry into force of a new Treaty - ratification by all Member States .
He is aware of the opposition that exists to the proposal to amend the working time directive and the proposals that the Council approved and sent to the European Parliament , aimed at weakening labour rights , opening the door to a longer average working week of up to 60 or 65 hours , deregulation of employment and lower wages .
The death penalty is the most disrespectful of all the instances of contempt for dignity , civilisation and progress .
Although the moratorium is not legally binding , it carries enormous moral and political significance .
The opening at international level of the debate on chemical substances and the part they play in our lives dates back to 1980 , first within the International Labour Organization and then within the United Nations , which adopted the GHS ( Globally Harmonised System of Classification and Labelling of Chemicals ) in December 2002 , with a revision in 2005 .
The resolution approved by the majority in Parliament , which we voted against , is part and parcel of the anti-Russian campaign of those using this course of action to try to cover up their own deep responsibility for the worsening international situation and to provide a pretext for dangerous new steps in the escalating confrontation .
I should like to reiterate the rapporteur 's proposal , which seeks to strengthen European gender equality legislation