This would also create the dynamic needed for change to take place .
Such an approach would also give the United States of America and Russia a new opportunity to be involved and participate in action to reduce greenhouse gases .
Similarly , the incredible rate at which emissions are increasing in China and India must be cut within the framework of the UN.
The EU has shown great courage as a pioneer , but one also has to have courage to admit one’s mistakes , if any have been made .
The investment in research into the promotion of renewables is already excessive , and Parliament is again prepared to increase its minimum share .
Investment in research will not help any more , but global demand would .
That is why we must do our best at Bonn to draw people’s attention to the issue of global demand .     .
Some Member States have had problems implementing earlier decisions , and the Commission has therefore used a strategic weapon , which is to say a regulation , to guarantee access to gas networks in all countries , especially when transporting gas across borders from one country to another , but also within countries .
Some of those that participated might feel let down , as a voluntary commitment was altered to a compulsory regulation in the Commission ’s reading .
During the committee discussions the Commission representatives said it was the Commission ’s intention that the participants at the Madrid Forum would also be heard in the future when the detailed regulations for implementing the Regulation were being drafted .
I would expect this to be done when the Commissioner makes her next speech or before the final votes .
After a number of votes on the matter our committee adopted the position that there are good arguments in favour of establishing the Regulation and that the Commission proposal should furthermore be adopted in principle by this Parliament .
I wish to thank everyone for their excellent levels of cooperation whilst the item for debate was being prepared .
And it will be distorted still more if we protect monopolies that then buy smaller companies elsewhere in other countries .
I also think that the correct legal basis is indeed Article 95 , as stated in the Commission ’s proposal .
We cannot go it alone ; the Member States cannot go it alone .
The report says that we are moving towards a fair system of charging , but this morning we have been listening to what is pure demagogy , particularly in the last speech .
The European consumer will pay the price if transport systems do not function in Europe .
Of course traffic emissions will increase , because it is by far the most effective way of transporting people and goods .
We need an efficient , cost-effective way of running a transport system .
Consider yourselves what that means .
Your money has been put into a loss-making operation , which can only account for a fraction of transport requirements .
We still do not even have any motorways , though , and that is why accidents happen .
What is important is that there should be equal compliance with the provisions everywhere in the EU , in order that competition should not be distorted .
Moreover , as the resources for monitoring are few it is most important to allocate them where most results can be achieved .
There will be even greater differences among us with enlargement , and we have to allow for differences in circumstances .
We are thus in favour of safety and efficiency , but at the same time of taking the position of transport companies and drivers into account when it comes to practical matters .     .
It is crucial to cohesion policy that the funding it receives should be 0.45 % of GDP , especially as the challenge of enlargement is to be taken into account .
This was a key message going out from our committee .
As someone from a sparsely populated region , I warmly support this .     . – Mr President , I wish to thank the rapporteur sincerely for having given substantial consideration to the opinion of the Committee on Culture , Youth , Education , the Media and Sport .
The educational exchange programmes are a success story .
An even more vigorous effort will have to be made in the future to ensure that they are also within the reach of those with meagre funds .
To ignore it is to forget culture ’s wider importance for sustained growth and increased mutual understanding .
At the same time I would like to thank you , Terence , for the constructive work you have done as Chairman of the Committee on Budgets .
If the end result is that the financial perspective creates a jointly agreed framework in which Parliament can participate fully in drafting the budget , it will be of great value .
The number of headings has been reduced .
Nevertheless , heading 1 covers an unnecessarily large area compared to the others and it might be a good idea to divide it in two .
The priorities with regard to future policy are the right ones .
My group is in favour of this .
It is now vitally important to promote cohesion , as we are about to be joined by new Member States whose combined GDP is just 5 % of that of the old Member States , although they make up 20 % of the population .
That is why there has to be less bureaucracy and more administrative efficiency .
Power and responsibility must be devolved downwards and personal accountability clarified .     – Mr President , I too , on behalf of my group , wish to thank Mr  Hatzidakis for his commendable