It is all very well to have common rules on what kind of toxic substances can be deposited in groundwater , but it is worse than mad cow disease when a majority in the Commission in Brussels is ready to stop a local authority setting tougher limits on the pollution of groundwater , which is not an international commodity ...
( The President cut the speaker off ) Madam President , I must say that it is always a pleasure to hear the different views expressed .
I will not deny that there are many good ways of using money , and as always it is a question of priorities .
Personally , I think we should be doing much more , but what we are seeing now is at least a beginning .
The reconstruction of former Yugoslavia is a task which we should start as soon as possible .
The country is one great pile of bricks .
The refugees now living in other countries naturally have no wish to go back to a country where people die from going for a walk in the woods and where you have to walk several kilometres to fetch water .
They must have a future to go back to .
We must not make them dependent on our emergency aid : our task is to enable these people to become self-sufficient and to stand on their own feet .
There is such a great need for this support that it is a crime whenever a single ECU disappears on unnecessary administration and shoddy work , not to mention outright fraud .
There is no Nordic Union , not even for the smoothly functioning cooperation between the Scandinavian countries .
There is a protocol on passport freedom which was adopted by the Scandinavian governments in Copenhagen in 1954 , and an agreement on passport controls concluded in 1957.
This freedom of movement in Scandinavia , which has worked perfectly well for 40 years , forms an interesting contrast to the Schengen Convention .
The Schengen Convention is a bureaucratic pile-up , a tragi-comic hotchpotch of monitoring and control of both the countries ' own citizens and foreign subjects .
The cooperation in Scandinavia is organic ; it has grown out of legal and cultural communities which are hundreds of years old .
The cooperation in Scandinavia is not centrally dictated .
The cooperation in Scandinavia is well balanced and works without the police accompaniment and sophisticated monitoring which are the hallmark of the Schengen Convention .
Schengen is structured , and what a structure it is !
It is legitimized as compensation for the removal of controls at internal frontiers referred to in Article 7a of the Treaty on European Union .
One might venture to say that the means are overshadowing the ends .
Schengen is a police state in embryo , with sensitive personal data held in information systems - which is at odds with many Member States ' traditions of protection of the individual and legal safety - and extensive and ill-defined police powers .
The first agreement between the five governments which began the initiative was carefully kept secret for many years .
It is not a system which came about as a result of a free debate .
It is a way of establishing a fortress Europe at the same time as tightening internal controls .
Among the many strange obsessions which are currently driving the European Union , at the expense of national self-determination , democracy and legal safety , the most inexplicable is that European politicians apparently lack any understanding of the fact that greater police powers and more controls are a failure of democracy .
Yes , but surely Schengen is a system which has been set up independently from the Union ?
According to the minister , the Schengen Convention is a separate , independent agreement under international law .
Matters can be explained in such a way , but to do so one has to choose to ignore reality and interpret the Schengen agreement in a convenient political context .
The realities behind the formal jurisprudence show that Schengen is functionally integrated into the Union .
And the EU 's list of countries whose citizens require a visa is identical to the list adopted under the Schengen system .
And there is more .
But they will not in fact be asked , it would appear from the vote today .
I would present Scandinavia 's compliments and say that if our peoples had to choose between Schengen and the Nordic model of free movement , they would choose the latter , but the governments have decided on behalf of their peoples to force them off the path which has been followed up to now .
For the other peoples of Scandinavia , joining Schengen is a tragedy in terms of democracy and their legal policy .
Madam President , Commissioner , Mr President-in-Office , I have listened with pleasure to the comments made concerning Baltic cooperation .
I was visited today by some television people who work a great deal on media cooperation in the East .
We talked about the cultural aspects too , and I would recommend that those aspects should also be addressed in all the discussions on the economy .
I myself live near the Danish-German border .
The Nordic Passport Union , which my fellow countryman Mr Krarup says must not be called that , but referred to as a Nordic passport-free area , is not just a practical question , but in fact a political one as well , which says something about the Nordic context and also about Nordic solidarity .
I hope - and I welcome what the Commissioner said in this respect - that Norway and Iceland can be brought into this cooperation , so that the Nordic Passport Union is preserved intact .
It would be very good