I hope that with this , together with Mr Balkenende , you will provide Mr Poettering’s group with an adequate response .     Mr President , Mr Nicolaï , the Dutch Presidency has nearly come to an end .
In any event , all things being equal , I do not think it is all that certain that Parliament will say ‘yes ’ to it .
I am also in agreement with Mr Cohn-Bendit , who pointed out that Europe is not a cultural community either .
Despite this , there are discernable European traits with regard to the way in which we apply those values , how we can invoke them and how we organise them .
This so-called ‘emergency stop option’ , in other words an option of suspension , offers guarantees in relation to the sensitive political criteria .
Here too , I can definitely confirm that to be the case .
In that connection , it is useful to point out that , as you know , no distinction can be drawn in the agreement , but one can , if necessary , be drawn with regard to the date of accession , because the option has been introduced and agreed , if there is cause for this , to decide to suspend accession of the country in question for one year at most .
I agree with Mr Swoboda that we must try to have a positive decision .
Over these past six months , we have made concrete progress in making it easier to exchange criminal records , collating intelligence and in relation to situation centres and threat analyses that can be carried out in those centres .
Mrs Grossetête feared that we would be taking a decision about 1 % which would not be understood by the citizens .
In my view , that is a very important step in the progress we managed to bring about in the democratisation process in Ukraine .
In addition , a unique meeting took place in Amsterdam involving all European Affairs ministers .
A few days later , Mr Erdogan , in alerted the European leaders to the fact that violence from Islamic extremists could escalate if Europe rejects Turkey as a candidate country .
The implication of such a political project is that there are limits .
The army’s power is immense ; there are political prisoners ; parties and newspapers are often banned and an electoral threshold of 10 % keeps even most legal parties outside of parliament .
I will say this in public since we were unable to demonstrate our position in another way on account of the unfortunate secret ballot .
Turkey has made impressive progress in these areas , but it is apparent from the reports by non-governmental organisations that it has not yet achieved these objectives .
The fact that the Bulgarian electorate still has not made any steady choices is apparent from the rapid changes within the two main rivalling political parties , and , above all , from the fact that a newcomer to the most recent general elections achieved almost the majority of the votes .
It is for that reason that I believe that Bulgaria should be able to join the European Union in 2007 .
They belong among us .
I should also like to address a critical comment to the Commission , which was right in saying that it needs more money than 1 % .
I am pleased to see that the Bulgarians , in terms of democratic thinking , are further advanced than many Members from the GUE/NGL Group .     .
I will give you two examples .
To those who say – and that is also a comment with regard to the Commission and the presidency – that we still have the suspension clause at our disposal , which enables us to delay Romania’s accession by one year , I should like to state clearly that this suspension clause can only be invoked if there is a unanimous vote in favour of it .
This tradition goes hand in hand with an intolerant attitude towards its ethnic minorities – Hungarians , Roma and Germans .
I do not expect the careless interpretation of parliamentary democracy to disappear following last weekend ’s election of a president from the other side of the political spectrum , who is also likely to determine the composition of a new government .
In an interview with the of 26 November , Basescu , who is at present the mayor of Bucharest , gave this explanation of why he is striving to turn his country round politically : ‘The problem is corruption which , in this country , has been elevated to a form of government’ .
I hope that a new Romanian Government takes the European accession criteria entirely seriously from the word go .
In a fine review in a German quality newspaper yesterday , I read a razor-sharp satire on the political degeneration of Romania under post-Communist rule .
We have tabled Amendment No 7 for that purpose .
This is our sticking point , and remedying it would represent tremendous progress .
You know Parliament’s line of thinking .
Nevertheless , we have taken a small step forward .
Nevertheless , I see that this package as a whole does represent a genuine step forward .
Whilst the EU is taking excessively small steps here towards improving animal welfare , animals in Europe are being dragged back and forth for thousands of kilometres in atrocious conditions .
As a result , there is still scope for allowing those abuses to continue .
Satellite monitoring is cold comfort for the animals .
Besides , the financial basis for the proposal is flawed , which is a second reason for me to withhold my support for this proposal .     .
If a Zimbabwean civil liberties or human rights organisation has so much as one foreign employee on