Facilitating the mobility of workers from outside is a step in the right direction for the EU , and so I would like to thank Mrs Klamt for her commendable report .
Unfortunately , the brain drain often takes the skills and know-how needed for development away from those countries , and when the EU makes the new rules , it should take this problem clearly into account .
Parliament 's strict definitions of a professional workforce will create a scenario of inequality if unreasonable demands are made of those coming in from third countries in terms of their educational and employment background .
The dearth of labour is threatening the European Union as a whole , and not just in the highly trained sectors .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , it is an excellent thing that the Convention on Cluster Munitions has been introduced .
The justification for this is that cluster munitions have been acquired to take the place of another type of inhumane weapon , the anti-personnel mine .
The EU and all the EU countries must now show consistency in their opposition to cluster munitions and also refuse to engage in any military operations in which they are used .
It is now time we put a stop to this . on behalf of the ALDE Group . - ( FI ) Mr President , I would like to thank Mr Mitchell for his excellent report .
My group has always been in favour of the rapid granting of food aid .
Unfortunately , that went against the principles of the Interinstitutional Agreement on budgetary discipline .
It was then that agreement was reached .
EUR 760 million out of EUR 1 billion is new money and a clear victory for the European Parliament .
This problem needs to be watched closely .
One problem with agriculture in the developing countries is not the availability of fertilisers or seed but the lack of education and the primitive working methods , equipment and facilities .
That is why food aid is primarily a wake-up call that development cooperation should make agricultural development and boosting food production its priority .
For that reason , vocational training needs to be developed .
The leap from plough to hi-tech tractor is not at all an appropriate one .
My Commissioner is a contact channel to the Commission , which is especially important for the smaller Member States .
At least 60 million people live in France , and the French Government has 38 ministers .
How is it possible that the Commission does not have room for a Commissioner for each country , even though there might be more Member States to come ?
The sustainable and increased use of renewable energy sources is a positive solution for the regions .
In its opinion , the Committee on Regional Development emphasised the crucial importance of the regions and of the local level focus in the implementation of the directive .
Conditions and climatic factors vary a good deal between the Member States and regions .
This is also evident from the compromise proposal , which would enable our Committee , for example , to propose the sustainable but small-scale use of peat in production processes .
The Emissions Trading Directive before Parliament is capitalist 'greenwash' , and , despite that , is nothing less than casino capitalism and a legalised racket .
Shared effort to reduce greenhouse gas emissions ( debate ) Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , my sincerest thanks go to the shadow rapporteurs for their excellent cooperation .
The EU ought to have shown strong global leadership with this climate package .
The outcome is of course a step forward , but a much , much smaller step than science is advising us to take .
The biggest problem with the Effort Sharing Decision is that the Member States are allowed all too freely to neglect their emission reductions at home and compensate for it by financing projects in developing countries .
The outcome of the negotiations nevertheless preserves the sound basic structure of the Commission 's proposal : a linear development in emission reductions and binding annual ceilings for emissions , in EU legislation for the first time .
The 30 % emissions reduction target will now appear in the legal text , following the international agreement .
The quality criteria for Clean Development Mechanism ( CDM) credits will be tightened up .
If the International Maritime Organization ( IMO ) does not conclude an international agreement by 2011 , the EU will take its own legislative action .
These are all major improvements and they are based on the demands of Parliament .
This decision , its good and bad aspects notwithstanding , means there will be wrangling in no uncertain terms about whether the EU should make emission reductions in a way that acknowledges the message of climate research and do so only after international talks on the agreement .
We have to remember that the earth does not make compromises .
As I said , this decision is a step in the right direction , even if it is a much shorter step than I would have liked .
It would seem that many governments have not properly appreciated what the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) guidelines mean .
According to the United Nations panel on climate change ( IPCC) , the industrial nations need to cut their absolute emissions by 25 % to 40 % by the year 2020 .
These figures refer to emission cuts in the territory of the countries concerned .
As I said in my initial speech , I hope that governments will shoulder their responsibilities more widely than this decision allows , and make investments in their own countries to reduce emissions .
I am leaving Parliament tomorrow - this will be my last legislative