Time has not stood still in Taiwan either .
None whatsoever .
On the one hand , it stresses that the human rights situation in China should improve , while on the other , it seeks to lift the arms embargo , thereby sending a message to the Chinese regime that it does not have to be too careful about human rights .
In the explanatory statement of this report you can still find a reminder of her approach , which was very much anti-legislation and principally and vehemently against a directive on clearing and settlement .
The UK Competition Commission will very soon deliver its opinion on this possible merger or on the other combination of Euronext and LSE.
I do not mind admitting that I rather do .
The aim is to remove the Giovanini obstacles , but those can also be kept in check without a directive , by means of coordination and consultation .
Ultimately , though , the primary responsibility for them lies with the Member States .
The Commission must continue the dialogue with Beijing to make it clear that a liberalised world market is dependent on a level playing field if it is to function .
Within the complex global textiles market , the European Union should not primarily focus on cooperation with one region .
There are many products that are , or can be , produced more cheaply in China , or maybe in other countries too .
Finally , we can , of course , protect our trade position , but always in line with the WTO , and showing due responsibility towards poor countries , and in respect of fair trade , human rights , and the environment .
We recognise that a good deal has been negotiated by the Commission .
Mr President , in expressing its concerns about Zimbabwe , my group is not primarily thinking of the white farmers who became rich during colonial times , but of the large , black , majority who still have much lower incomes .
We now see that his approach can no longer be attributed to clever tactics but rather to the behaviour of someone who is losing his mind .
With his indefensible ‘Operation Drive Out Rubbish’ , Mugabe is destroying thousands of shelters in the poor suburbs .
Together with the United Kingdom and backed by Greece and Denmark , the United States broached the subject of the crisis in the UN Security Council .
It therefore follows that my group is firmly behind the proposed resolution .     Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , on 3 October , Europe will be given the opportunity of putting right a considerable mistake that it made last year by deciding not , after all , to open accession negotiations with Turkey .
We must see what we can do to offer those governments the opportunity of using either rural policy or forestry policy in order to combat stress diseases in those trees effectively .
Madam President , three matters of principle are being overlooked in this debate .
It is a God-less religion , a quasi-religion that is motivated and dominated by human desires .
Religious and non-denominational organisations are an important voice in society and it is therefore fitting that the EU should have a dialogue with these organisations .
Finally , in reply to a Parliamentary question , President Barroso had agreed to organise the dialogue in the spirit of the EU Constitution , even if it is not in force yet .
I think that Parliament will accept this view , but I hope that this time round , the Member States too will be somewhat more accommodating .
I hope that the Council will approve Mrs De Veyrac’s proposals by the end of this year so that we need not wait another seven years , as was the case with the SAFA directive , which was submitted in 1997 and was not approved until 2004 .
Such a system , originating from outside the EU , is already in operation and has conquered the European market .
That goes against the grain with me .
How do we intend to tackle natural radiation ?
The first question is : how do you actually arrive at the amount mentioned in your amendment ?
First of all , I realise that a new directive should naturally not stand in the way of the development of a European audiovisual industry , but that should surely not mean that no measures can be taken against the high concentration of broadcasters , whether they be horizontal , vertical , cross-border or otherwise .
The Commission labours under the assumption that policy of national channels is in the hands of the Member States .
As a consequence , European workers lose their jobs , which results in a lose-lose situation .
Europe is the world’s largest donor and can make the difference .
The cuts are unsurprising , as usual .
Finally , I should like to ask the President-in-Office of the Council whether , in his view , the Council has kept to the agreements made in 2004 about the Council informing Parliament on the common foreign and security policy on a regular basis and at a high level .
Is it the American authorities ?
The regulation is so important because at present , children are all too often prescribed medicines that have not been developed for children or tested on them , and so the positive or negative effects that the use of these medicines may have on a child are often not known , with all the consequences that this entails .
I agree with anyone who says that it is regrettable that in this discussion , we have apparently lost sight of the importance of the child amid the discussions that focus on who in the industry should reap most benefits .
I do