and setting up more flexible regulations for the mixed interactive services offered by the Internet fulfill the requirements of public interest and also the need to take cultural concerns into consideration .
By adopting these amendments , our Parliament will express its will to oppose the Commission 's ultra-liberal approach that contributed to the failure of the MAI , one of the objectives of which was , I recall , to liberalise the audiovisual sector .
We should have given Mr Bangemann a lot more scope to include this as a main point in the Agenda , in the interest of our countries , in the interest of research , etcetera .
It will be , above all , another great world currency , as President Jacques Chirac called it , and its role as an exchange stabiliser will be the first truly positive act in the world monetary system since President Nixon 's unilateral denunciation of the Bretton Woods agreements on 15 August 1971 .
Obviously , the introduction of the euro , in a geographical area where trade will take place mainly between the participants , will reduce the need to cover possible external deficits .
Secondly , will exchange reserves in gold be physically transferred to Frankfurt or not ?
That money does not belong to the State , or to the budget , but to the banks .
The fight against fraud , which is the main objective of the Commission communication , involves a certain number of improvements to the system and a certain number of control measures as well as training measures , especially for the trading partners .
This saves money on the administration side .
The statute for Members is a different matter altogether .
Madam President , we voted against the budgets and I would like to explain the additional reasons for this , that is , those that were not mentioned during the general debate .
We are against this system and will continue to oppose it in the future .
This , for France , is one of the many reasons why we reject the Amsterdam Treaty .
The assets in ecus - around 67 billion francs - and in national currencies - the 11 currencies of the euro area - will have to be deducted from this amount and these assets will be converted into euros .
This would allow justice to run its course and would also be a sweet partial victory for those who have been fighting against the impunity of those responsible for crimes against humanity since the Nuremberg trials , the Eichmann trial , the setting up of international tribunals for the former Yugoslavia and for Rwanda , not to mention the International Criminal Court .
The Chichester report , drawn up on behalf of the Committee on Research , Technological Development and Energy , highlights the fact that the efforts made at Community level , particularly as regards research on decommissioning nuclear power plants , have allowed us to reach a high level of expertise .
A few years ago , certain negligent airlines were the victims of a series of disasters .
These issues are major concerns for our societies .
Existing regulations on agri-environmental and afforestation measures should be made top-level priority in this area .
As it was very unevenly applied depending on the country , there was no real effect in terms of rural development , even if it did achieve its goals in terms of land use and decreasing the amount of cultivated land .
( Applause ) Mr President , Commissioner , what is sadly lacking in European policy is the ability to confront the problems faced by citizens living in a rural environment , and mountain regions are part of this environment .
For several decades now , these areas have experienced considerable desertification , as agricultural productivity is lower there and regular price cuts in agricultural produce are more difficult to compensate in such areas .
I would now ask you to write another letter of protest to Mr Ridge who promised during his election campaign that the execution of Abu-Jamal would go ahead .
Am I right in thinking that we are moving from a process of six plus five to a process of six plus possibly three , plus two , and that the two excluded are Bulgaria and Romania ?
We do not agree to fantasy names being used and , in our opinion , the approved therapeutic indication is perfectly adequate .
There has been no compromise with other political groups and some amendments are only supported by 29 Members .
The rapporteur also wants to take over and alter certain conditions already laid down in the previous directive .
It is to be regretted that the Commission did not take the initiative in listing the points which needed to be updated quickly , in order to take this unhappy experience into account .
I am thinking in particular of the reversal of the burden of proof and the deletion of the clause excluding the development risk .
To gather within one programme the Kaleidoscope , Ariane and Raphael programmes which have allowed 1 400 cultural projects to benefit from financial support from the Union .
Mr President , as a European citizen I am obviously delighted by the establishment of a new financing instrument for cultural cooperation in Europe .
On this last point , the Commission states that large amounts of public money are available to SMEs , particularly in the context of regional funds and certain Community initiative programmes .
As far as the Youth programme is concerned , I admit that it is difficult to decide on how to share the funding between the European Voluntary Service and the Youth for Europe programme since there are arguments for both sides , and I am aware that the current distribution is very strongly criticised by some of my colleagues .
