Those of us the new precious drugs agree with feel a sense of solidarity with all those whose illness has progressed to the stage where they have become disabled .
I hope that this , the first of my reports , will be read carefully by those at the level of responsibility for healthcare in the Member States .
It would appear that the request by the public and which is mentioned in my report is now to be implemented , as Commissioner Diamantopoulou mentioned at the beginning of December that the Commission intends to propose a special directive to guarantee the rights of the disabled .     .
It has completely revolutionised the management , transfer and use of information .
Now the same data can be browsed on a computer from your own office or study .
Sending information used to mean putting it in the post and waiting around for it to arrive ; now email gets to where it is going in different parts of the world in seconds .
The EU has taken this into account in many different ways , including the Information Society for All Programme .
A properly balanced information society cannot develop if it is merely market-driven .
Regionally we have to make sure that the networks also extend to the sparsely populated and peripheral regions .
Internet connections must be made reasonably priced by also opening up the last kilometre of connectivity to real competition .
We should also be able to prevent the cartelisation and monopolisation of software and applications .
Sending spam and deliberately creating disorder and malfunctions must be made punishable .
With effective action we will protect waters in which people bathe , safeguard the supply of clean fish to eat , and improve maritime ecology , especially in enclosed sea areas .
There is one point I nevertheless cannot support as it stands : the proposal for a common coastguard goes just a bit too far .
There is just one detail in it , however , that should be addressed .
I too am in favour of ships displaying the emblem of the European Union .
It would require a debate on flag legislation in the Member States .
Polluters of the environment must be made accountable for what they do .
Oil is transported in single-hull vessels in difficult conditions in the winter when there is pressure from ice .
Apathy and the taking of unnecessary risks must be minimised .
I am glad that EU legislation is to be strengthened and harmonised with regard to this issue .
Good intentions are not enough , however .
When nuclear power is being used the safety of the equipment must be at a level that is as technically high as possible .
It does not , however , specify in the directive the principles on which it would wield its additional powers .
If nuclear plant safety is to be regulated by a directive , it must define precisely those powers the Commission is to be given and the principles upon which those powers are to be used .
Such is not the case with this Commission proposal .
Plants have to comply with national laws and the regulations laid down by the national authorities .
The latter has set out principles that represent the world’s best shared experience of the safety of nuclear plants and the monitoring of safety .
In fact it has been unable to show Parliament it will have the personnel resources it should have at its disposal if it acquired additional responsibilities in the monitoring of nuclear safety .
At meetings led by the Italian Presidency they eventually proposed some fundamental amendments to the Commission proposal , and our committee took a sympathetic view of the Council position in our report .
The Commission proposed in its directive that the management of the decommissioning funds in respect of nuclear power plants should be reformed in such a way that they should remain financially independent of other funds pertaining to nuclear power companies .
It is essential to the safety of nuclear installations that adequate funds are set side for the decommissioning of plants whilst they are still operating .
On account of opposition from the Member States , however , the Commission has been unable to produce a balanced proposal , and for that reason it is only right to keep this outside the scope of the directive and call for a new directive on this very issue .
We on the committee have worked on this basis .
Finally , I wish to point out to the Commissioner that she obviously misinterpreted the committee’s opinion of this matter .
Parliament in its report is more in favour of the opinion of certain Member States represented in the Council than that of the Commission , and does not intend to approve the Commission proposal as it stands .     – Mr President , I wish to thank my colleagues for their excellent work in drafting these reports .
Producing a report on safety standards in particular has at times been a real game of cat and mouse with the Commission and the Council .
The timetable with regard to the issue of waste was pulled out of the air and is completely unrealistic .
Furthermore , with regard to definitions , many concepts remained , and still partly remain , very much up in the air .
During its presidency Italy played an important and conspicuous role in the Council and helped take the package forward .
I hope and believe that Ireland will continue to use the same constructive and cooperative approach as its predecessor , Italy .
It goes without saying that the role of the national supervisory authorities will have to be called into question .
In its proposed format , then , this is not any complete directive package , but , as I see it