Just as well , I might add , since , despite the firm stance taken by the 27 Member States of the European Union and by the United States - which are in favour of a ban on marketing the species - the call for a ban was blocked in March by Japan , a country that consumes more than 80 % of bluefin tuna , and its allies .
It imposes a loss of sovereignty on Member States and a lack of trust in governments that have been democratically elected - unlike the Commission .
We must , of course , deplore the loss of human lives but , above all , we must analyse objectively and reasonably the decisions , actions and circumstances that led to this tragedy .
Prices have increased .
Until Parliament is one of those powers , advocating a common judicial culture is a total denial of democracy .
We all know that Libya is a hub of immigration to Europe , but everyone knows what terrible fate is in store for those men and women who are fleeing poverty and persecution , hoping to find refuge in Europe .
We could not believe it , but that is what happened .
Of course there are problems , there are divergences within the euro area , and we must tackle them .
We should have thought of that at the time .
We very much need them .
That is why we have requested that the debate on and the vote on Mrs Gallo 's report be postponed until September , the second September session or a later session .
What is more , I would like to state that , instead of a mere report , we have before us a real strategy .
In view of this , it is vitally important for the European Parliament to possess better communication tools .
First of all , with regard to the basis of these proposals , which concern , above all , 'false ' self-employed persons : it is true that these are a real , widespread problem .
In this report , the European Parliament is sending out a strong signal to the governments of the Member States and to the Commission .
Prime Minister , as you have said , we intend , even following the Spanish Presidency , to maintain the same very strong stance on this Community method .
It is therefore vital that as many countries as possible sign this convention , which will enable the new signatory countries to engage in spreading innovation , as others have done before them , and also to contribute to the education of the European public .
I strongly support the adoption of this agreement , which makes provision for applying the 'Prüm decisions ' to Iceland and Norway .
Of course , under this agreement , this participation will take place on a voluntary basis , but I strongly hope that the next revision of the regulation establishing the Frontex agency will impose more obligations on the Member States to cooperate in the management of our common external borders .
It is about time that we built a Europe of cooperation and solidarity and a Europe based on the shared confidence that we need .
If , in order to do that , we have to look for or invent common interests as a criterion for amalgamating regions , and to create a European tax to finance it all , never mind .
A fundamental objective for us , therefore , is to make our regions more attractive , which will allow us to eventually increase investment in our regions should this be necessary .
This report aims to improve the rights of bus and coach passengers , an ambition which I welcomed by voting in favour .
However , although this is not an easy subject , we must have a European framework to protect the rights of these passengers , and the conciliation procedure will , in the autumn , give us cause to discuss this once again .
This report aims to accelerate the deployment and interoperability of intelligent transport systems in road transport at European Union level .
The reflection on the organisation of the structural funds must be carried out jointly and in a global manner within the context of the next multiannual financial framework .
By only concerning itself with infrastructure and never with the wage conditions of the employees in this sector , it displays the social indifference that is a signature of the damaging liberalism which is killing the European project .
In terms of its essential aspects , it calls for the development of economic and political investments promoting the creation of jobs , education and training , the strengthening of social security systems , making the labour market more dynamic and promoting decent work .
This is why I voted in favour of Mrs Turunen 's report , because I think that it puts forward many guarantees with a view to protecting young Europeans - for example , the development of a ' European quality charter on internships' , the creation of a minimum wage for every young person , and also the introduction of a ' European Youth Guarantee ' .
This is why , despite its limited competences in social policy , the European Union must promote young people 's access to the jobs market .
I would particularly stress the need to provide young people with high quality internships in order to avoid the exploitation that exists in many enterprises and administrative bodies .
This is without taking into account their disproportionate costs in public finances , and thus their responsibility in deficits and public debts , as well as the fiscal drain on the European public .
Bio-waste has a role to play in a more global matter : the fight against climate change .
I will therefore