This would give us greater flexibility and would in the end be more effective regarding the country .
Therefore , it was impossible for it to ratify the revised Lomé IV convention , the one which was revised in Mauritius .
It is to identify who should be the one that should a grant a certificate for exporting bananas from Somalia .
I am confident that with the support of our Member States and in particular the efforts that Italy is deploying , we will be able to overcome these difficulties .
I fully agree that Sir Leon Brittan has done a very good job .
Our worst fears and expectations have been confirmed .
Portugal and Portugal Telecom - and it is impossible in many respects to determine whether the latter is the original or copy of other telecom services - appear , in this process and in this monitoring report , to be in a rather unsatisfactory situation from the point of view of social balance and justice .
Mr President , I am standing in for my colleague , Mr Mendes Bota , and I must start by saying that telecommunications has now become a permanent part of our lives .
Secondly , it is clear that users on low incomes and the more peripheral and isolated regions are the sectors most prejudiced by the current tariff regimes .
Public access to the Internet must be regarded as a personal right and as a strategic position in the fight against a new form of emerging illiteracy which will afflict all those in the future who have not mastered the use of the modern information technologies or who do not have access to them .
Companies involving the people and rooted in the people have a new role which must be welcomed and encouraged .
We look to the Commission , knowing that , with the White Paper , we have overcome the obstacle of indifference .
We are once again being guided - while still supporting the extensive reform of the CAP - by the aim of not limiting nor jeopardising before time , by piecemeal decisions , the negotiating scope required to secure a final result which is favourable to the interests of Portugal in these difficult negotiations , which should lead to an EU with greater solidarity and which is more fairly financed .
We should have rebalanced the funding by drastically limiting the support to large farmers and directing it instead to small and medium-sized holdings .
A river running through an extremely beautiful and fertile valley has been diverted to build a railway line which has spoilt part of the historic Portuguese route to Santiago de Compostela .
We must make sure that the objectives claimed for it are attainable and that fairness and cohesion are not overlooked .
This problem exists in the north , as Mr Seppänen said , but it is more serious in the south .
Since it is in Europe 's interest - and that of the international situation - we are backing the Commission five-point plan that gained the support of the Council on 29 June last year .
The latest serious violations of fundamental rights and freedoms in China - the persecution of political opponents , human rights activists and members of ethnic minorities - should be condemned by the EU in the strongest terms .
I think that the rapporteur has understood the role that Macao could play in the future , given its past and its special characteristics , as an 'open door ' for China into Europe and the west in general , and as a bridge between Europe , with all its diversity , and China .
The EU 's responsibility for Macao requires an active and competent Commission and EU delegation in the territory .
It will influence not only our economies but also - and above all - prospects for democracy world-wide .
Copyright is one of them .
With the advent of the Internet and digitalisation , and whatever other unknown technologies are around the corner , along with globalisation of the market , enlargement of the Union and the increasing role of multilateral treaties , a policy on copyright is a priority for Europe .
We should set up a permanent body to help the Member States negotiate , guarantee the international compatibility of European legislation and make sure it is constantly updated .
But if Dionysus has helped us to reach agreement , so much the better !
As for compulsory distillation , we should be more flexible .
Otherwise I think this is an extremely positive report because we have avoided consensus for consensus ' sake but have reached a proper agreement .
In contrast with that expansionist policy , the Commission proposes that we in the European Union should continue with a policy of conditioning vineyards and vines over the next ten years .
Amendment No 171 , second indent , should be rejected , for example . I would like to conclude by congratulating Philippe-Armand Martin on the compromise that he has managed to reach , on the basis of his skill and hard work , in negotiating a far better proposal than the Commission 's .
This is just one more example of the clear discrimination that will still exist between different crops after this reform .
Does the Commissioner realise what an explosive decision it would be to allow this precedent ?
In order to deal with these problems , my report recommends two approaches : one is to explore in depth the opportunities offered by the existing Treaties , in particular through the interinstitutional agreement already proposed by the European Parliament , and the other is to reform the Treaties , now that the successful introduction of the euro has eliminated the risk that starting the review process might jeopardise EMU itself - the famous ' Pandora 's box ' theory .
The proposals on Monetary Union are intended to guarantee the independence of the European