I should be grateful if you would agree to that request .
Madam President , I should like this put off until January 2001 , if possible , as Commissioner Fischler is unable to be here because of fisheries meetings .
It is very important that he is present for this report because he is very interested in it and we are very much in the hands of the Commission for its success .
I ask that the House hold it over to January .
Mr President , I am firmly of the belief that people have a right to smoke , but my personal taste is that they should do so only in the privacy of their own homes .
This rule can be applied equally to all recreational but dangerous drugs when no one but the person consuming the drug is likely to be affected .
Certainly , there is none more dangerous than tobacco mixed with nicotine and other chemicals to guarantee a very high rate of addition and dependency .
Governments have the task of ensuring that citizens have the information to make informed decisions and to exercise their free will .
Earlier this year , the Canadian Government decided to strengthen its powers of communication with its citizens about tobacco products and overcome the intense lobbying and huge financial interests of the tobacco companies by requiring that cigarette packets in Canada carry pictures depicting some of the health consequences of smoking .
Studies have shown that such pictures have a significantly greater effect in conveying concerns about smoking and the health consequences than any written warning .
I ask Members of the House to support the amendment which has been tabled by John Bowis for the PPE-DE Group , Catherine Stihler for the Socialist Group and myself .
This seeks to give the governments of European Union Member States strengthened powers to introduce such pictures on cigarette packets in their own countries .
I emphasise that we are not insisting that these pictures should be imposed on every Member State .
It simply gives Member States an additional right to introduce them .
Let people have the freedom to choose whether or not to smoke .
Let us be absolutely sure that they are informed when they make the decision one way or the other .
Mr President , I rise in defence of the workers in the industry .
We have a large tobacco industry in Northern Ireland , Gallaher 's Ltd.
If this directive is adopted , at least 300 jobs will be lost .
I have studied carefully what the Commissioner said to my colleague Mr Hume : " No massive job losses in this sector .
It is not understood how a reduction in tar from 12 to 10 mg , as proposed in the present text , would have noticeable employment effects . "
The key difference , however , between previous and current reductions in tar ceilings is simply that previous reductions in tar ceilings were limited to the EU.
Gallaher 's has a 25 % export volume .
If this directive is adopted , 300 jobs will go .
It must be said that the manufacturers will sell not one cigarette fewer than they do now , because they will transfer their business outside the European Union .
Gallaher 's will transfer its business to its Russian factory and the ceilings will be ignored , but we will have exported 300 jobs .
The job losses in Gallaher 's will affect workers about 47 years old on average .
In Northern Ireland , if you lose your job at 47 there is not much chance of getting another job .
This is my concern on this issue .
Mr President , whilst one cannot but laud the good intentions of Members who support this directive , I should point out that the prohibition on the manufacture of tobacco above EU limits will have a significant effect on jobs in my region .
In particular , I refer to the British-American Tobacco plant in Southampton , which produces all its cigarettes for the non-EU market .
With the advent of this directive , the manufacturers will not be able to produce these cigarettes , even though the EU limits do not , of course , apply to their markets .
However , this does not mean that these cigarettes will not be manufactured .
The company concerned , BAT , will transfer production to non-EU countries .
So , instead of exporting cigarettes we will be exporting jobs - 4 000 of them in my region alone .
Yet , ironically , I do not see in this directive any prohibition on growing tobacco within the Community - even when in countries such as Greece the tobacco grown is so strong that under this directive it would become a criminal offence to use it for manufacturing .
A Community which subsidises this tobacco-growing and then makes it unlawful to sell it , whilst destroying jobs and the lives of ordinary people who rely on revenue from goods which are not even sold in the Community , cannot gain the respect of ordinary people .
Whatever you think of this directive , please support my amendment tomorrow which takes out the prohibition on manufacturing for non-EU export .
This directive will have no health benefits whatsoever outside the EU.
It is a classic symptom of political correctness gone mad .
Mr President , smoking is the tragedy of our time - the biggest cause of preventable illness and disease across the European Union .
More than half a million people die needlessly each year in the European Union and the number is set to grow if we do not act now .
That is why this directive is so important : bigger , bolder , clearer health warnings , a ban on misleading descriptions such as 'light' , 'ultra' and 'mild' , a maximum tar content for products used in