on behalf of the Irish Presidency , has stated in no uncertain terms that the European Union must be prepared to search its own heart .
First of all , we have a Charter which explicitly states the human rights obligations of the Member States .
As a result , we know what the Commission thinks about how this should be handled , although we are still waiting for the Council’s opinion on this Commission communication .
Moreover , I should very much like clarity in the question as to what extent the human rights problems in one Member State are actually an issue for the European Union as a whole , so that countries and Member States , and we too , dare to call each other to account much more honestly than we have done to date .
Shell has since changed parts of its policy for the better and the Extractive Industries Review is mainly concerned with projects of the national industries .
Only in this way can these raw material-rich countries develop as a whole .
This was still not the case in the last proposal either .
It is up to the responsible agencies to lay down clear and uniform requirements of the information that airlines are to provide in the interest of everyone on this and the other side of the ocean .     Mr President , Commissioner , this is not the first time that this Parliament has called for integration of the European Development Fund in the EU budget .
Apart from this democratic deficit , there is a second drawback to keeping the EDF outside the budget , which is the duplications that occur in the annual budgets of the Union and the EDF.
I repeat , half of our entire budget is in the EDF.
It is especially shocking for public opinion to discover that poverty in the developing countries is increasing all the time and that there is no efficient way of channelling the money and of supporting the necessary projects directly and efficiently .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , we have reached the conclusion of a directive that has been in progress for years and that has actually always been disaster-driven .
Then there came another disaster which moved things up a gear .
I am therefore pleased that the powers of the Commission with regard to States or companies failing to apply international safety standards have been significantly improved .
I find them in a report on the Belgian aviation inspections according to the SAFA procedures .
Needless to say , this is not the last we have heard on the matter .
If that is the reason why they are on a track that is not reconcilable with the European Union , they cannot expect this to change in the short term .
What is important is that in future , such sentences should be unthinkable .
Nevertheless , the European Union should stick to the requirement that the army should have no more political influence than is customary in the EU Member States .
They must be embraced ; if countries are really intent on becoming Member States , they must simply be adopted .
I suggest we continue the dialogue with Turkey with the open mind to which the Turkish Government has by now grown accustomed .     .
Women do not work ; only one in four women has a job and many semi- and unskilled rural women opt to stay at home given the lack of opportunities to work .
There is also growing informal employment , partly the result – however paradoxical this may sound – of rigid labour legislation .
Efforts are thus being made , but it should be noted that these , as a result of the crisis and the lack of investments , have had little impact on the social situation .
We ought to remove this section from the report , something that Amendment No 10 makes possible .
According to Mr Oostlander 's interpretation , negotiations are inevitable , but we will not enter into real negotiations .
Does Parliament think , and does , for example , the Group of the Party of the European Socialists really believe , that we should enter negotiations with Turkey with one arm tied behind our backs , because there are 31 chapters of the that we are not allowed to discuss ?
Mr Oostlander also mentions state control over the main religion and discrimination against others .
Just as well !
We want to include a country that , in 15 years ' time , will be the largest Member State in terms of population and in terms of surface area .
By way of example , I would mention the abolition of the death penalty and the change in attitude towards the Kurdish minority .
It is not only we , in the ivory towers of Brussels and Strasbourg , who are concerned about this problem ; the ordinary citizens in Europe are too , and we must therefore be absolutely certain that we will be taking the right decision when the time comes .
Now that Prime Minister Sharon himself calls for withdrawal from the occupied territories and dismantling of settlements , the EU must support fresh policy in this direction .
The few contacts between Serbs and Albanians result in violent conflict .
While we are still not convinced that Turkey 's ultimate destiny lies in membership of the EU , or that the European Union can welcome it as a Member State , we do not want to rule this out at this point in time .
In its current state , Turkey does fit into the authoritarian Europe of the first half of the twentieth century , but not as yet in a European Union of parliamentary democracies .
That is heavy and demanding work .
