, the issue of global warming , although not yet proven beyond doubt , is of the greatest concern for the world at large and knows no respect for national boundaries .
It is very much part of the concept of Gaia , or geophysiology .
As a supporter of free markets and the huge prosperity and freedom which they have brought to countless millions , I welcome the harnessing of market mechanisms wherever possible to facilitate environmentally-desirable goals such as the reduction of CO2 emissions , as proposed by the Commission 's Green Paper and Mr Moreira Da Silva 's report , which I welcome broadly , and will help , no doubt , achieve the Kyoto targets .
I put down two amendments , one calling for further research into the other greenhouse gases such as methane , soot , CFCs , etc .
I believe that the tradable quota system may need to be extended to these , as in many ways their reduction would be far more cost-effective and less destructive to the world 's economy .
The second amendment I put down was for the granting of credits to national quotas for the planting of forests , which , as my colleague Lord Inglewood pointed out before , act as carbon sinks .
They are desirable in terms of supporting the beauty of the countryside and they are also eminently policeable by satellite technology .
I also believe new ideas such as planktonic oceanic seeding , to irreversibly fix CO2 to the ocean bed , need further investigation .
I should like to touch on two controversial topics in the report .
One is the issue of an EU-wide carbon tax , which I reject both because it encroaches on prerogatives on taxation and because it would drive jobs offshore to non-EU jurisdictions , in my view , and be damaging to our economies .
The other is the issue of grandfathering rather than national auctioning of the CO2 quotas .
I personally support grandfathering along US lines to prevent penalisation of existing heavy energy using industries and doubly rewarding those industries which have made energy savings in the past and hence savings on their electricity costs .
Lastly , I too , like my colleague Mrs Kauppi , support nuclear energy as the only long-term solution to reducing CO2 .
Mr President , is there nothing in the Rules of Procedure which requires Members to be present to hear responses to points they have made to the Commissioner during the course of the debate ?
Surely it is a gross discourtesy to the Commission to behave in this way .
Should this not be something which is raised in the Conference of Presidents ?
Mr President , I represent the north-west of England which , with the cities of Manchester and Liverpool , is I suppose one of the most densely populated parts of the European Union .
We have a particular problem with marine flat fish - flounders in the estuary of the River Mersey in fact - which are exhibiting extreme intersex characteristics and we do not know what the cause is .
We have a lot of chemical factories around the estuary and suspicion has fallen on them , but the scientists are also looking at the detergents which are used both for industrial purposes and in our own homes .
They are looking at oestrogens - synthetic oestrogens in particular - used perhaps in the pill by hundreds or thousands of women in the region .
Indeed , they are looking at natural oestrogen produced by women in their millions .
It could be a combination of all these things - and this is the difficulty .
We do not know the answers and there are more than 500 chemicals from which we could choose .
I have doubts about the use of the precautionary principle and of course , about the misuse of the precautionary principle - by its nature we never know when it is appropriate to use it or not .
There must be very great concern about the long-term effects of putting thousands of chemicals into the natural environment , but it is difficult to identify exactly which chemicals to target .
The evidence of falling sperm counts , of rising levels of breast cancer , of female polar bears growing penises or whatever gives rise to very real fears and we have to be prepared to ban some substances on suspicion alone , even before we have firm scientific evidence .
I support both the Commission 's proposals and the rapporteur 's suggestions .
However , we can be sure that there are many disputes to come when we start highlighting chemicals which must be banned .
I think anyone listening to this debate who has never heard of endocrine disrupters would be forgiven for thinking that endocrine disrupters were more to do with some science fiction horror story than their own public health .
Yet the reality is that this is a critical public health and animal health issue .
Presently , Community chemicals legislation fails to address the risk that endocrine disrupters pose .
It is a worrying fact that the human body contains more than 100 chemicals which were not present 50 years ago .
Numerous female health problems have been linked to exposure to endocrine-disrupting substances .
There is also a possible link between such substances - as other colleagues this evening have mentioned - with increased incidences of breast cancers , other cancers and the lowering of sperm count .
The impact this may have on the health and reproduction of both humans and wildlife is worrying , with children , pregnant workers and other vulnerable workers being some of the most sensitive groups .
A further problem is the fact that it is almost impossible to set limit values for hormone-mimicking substances