The Minister has admitted as much , the Prime Minister admitted as much yesterday in Parliament and I hope that the Socialist Group in the European Parliament will admit as much .
In other words , had it not sunk , it would still be sailing .
Firstly , full application of Directive 98/41 on the registration of passengers .
And , of course , we are calling for an end to the derogation for Greece on cabotage , the monopoly and oligopoly arrangements governing transport by sea .
We have tabled the motion as an expression of our awareness of the issue and our intention to fight for Greece to adopt even higher safety standards than the European Union in order to correct this negative impression of our country .
Must it continue to do so ?
This final text expresses our sorrow , which was expressed at the start by our President , Mrs Fontaine , and takes account of the statements by the Commission and the call on the Greek Government for full information and a full investigation , which has already begun .
Nor was the need for urgent procedure justified after the event , given that the compromise text contains no references which might have been misunderstood as urgent party politics against the Greek Government , precisely as the result of the good faith which , as I have said , was demonstrated on all sides .
So the question remains .
And as far as shipping is concerned , in deference to the memory of the innocent victims of the Express Samina , we shall support and take the lead in any action which targets personal safety and environmental protection and tries to do more than just make an impression .
And they do not only concern Greece .
It is only a very small first step , I know , and other steps are needed .
Mr President , I too shall , of course , start by expressing my deepest sorrow and solidarity with the families of the victims and with those who survived along with the memory of their terrifying ordeal .
In my view , the Greek competition committee has never acted in cases in which it should have acted .
It seems to me that the factor which needs to be quantified here as the result of this tragic incident , is what needs to be done at European Union level , because the bigger picture is the safety of shipping in the European Union .
That is what we are waiting to hear from the European Commission .
This argument is the least unacceptable .
Even the tragic shipwreck has not thrown up any useful conclusions .
Do not say in general terms , " Serbia belongs in Europe " , which is , after all , something which you have only recently discovered .
Albania is a country whose own minorities have suffered persecution at the hands of other countries and , as we all know , the international community reacted to this persecution .
It should not repeat inside its borders what it suffered outside its borders ; that is , I think , the first lesson in democracy which we should bring to the attention of this country , which is starting to establish an internal democracy .
Mr President , I should like to extend my special thanks both to the rapporteur , Mrs Van Lancker , and the French Presidency for the excellent cooperation which we have enjoyed to date .
In other words , this is the only way for us to deal with Europe ' s objectives of competitiveness , given our constant concern for enterprises and the economy , and social cohesion , given our constant concern for our citizens and their welfare .
What are the basic strands which make up the content ?
The second strand to the social agenda is a set of projects on social policy .
The third strand in the content is enlargement .
Clearly we have a fairly complete legislative system in Europe , but changes on the job market , changes in the economy , changes in the environment due to globalisation and the information society are throwing up new requirements .
The problem is that , because of the legal basis which it has in the Treaty , the social agenda does not constitute a set of laws , a set of directives with specific steps for the Member States .
And one last comment : the question of sexual equality runs right through the social agenda as regards both the political approach and the content and means .
We do , of course , agree with the Commission ' s justification of the need to integrate the question of equality into all aspects of European policy as well as adopting special measures .
Women will then feel close to Europe and Europe will benefit from the interesting and innovative ideas which will be formulated as a result of their connections with this programme .
Our cooperation with the committee was excellent , which is why we can accept a large number of amendments , either to the letter or in spirit .
I should like to make two comments on the amendments which we are unable to accept , mainly for technical and legal reasons rather than because of a difference of approach .
First , as far as the strategy is concerned .
I should remind you that a regulation was voted through last year which clearly sets out how items are allocated and we cannot use a programme to change the regulation which already exists .
I really do believe that the strategy behind this programme , the main objective of which is to implement mainstreaming in all policies , is a huge challenge for all of us , both at Commission level , with the cooperation between the individual committees