Indeed , the new structure of the Constitutional Treaty – which leaves behind the dysfunctional , outdated pillar structure – requires the revision of this Protocol , which was drawn up when judicial cooperation in criminal and police matters was still subject to intergovernmental procedures .
We are aware that the task we will have to carry out between now and the deadline of 12-13 December is sensitive and complex .
We must not let them down by keeping them out of the Executive .
At this juncture , taking into account the hourly developments like the finance ministers ’ initiative , maybe the Council Presidency should review things in Italy with some urgency , if these are Mr Tremonti’s contributions , and also , moreover – and nobody has mentioned this , not even the general affairs ministers  – the Italian and European shift of position on Israel just a few hours ago .
Have a little more confidence in yourselves rather than continuing to try and produce more rules , extensions and derogations , a strategy which is typical of canon law , not of secular law or the kind of law which creates rules which all can follow , including in the customs of society in general .     Mr President , I am addressing the representative of the Presidency , Mr Antonione .
Do not put the European Parliament in a position where it has to reject the outcome of the Intergovernmental Conference and call upon the national parliaments not to ratify the Treaty .     .
Frankly , I do not believe that is possible .
Even before taking over the six months ’ presidency of the Council of the European Union , Italy had a clear understanding of how big a part the outcome of the Naples Conference would play in the overall assessment of its Presidency .
It has also launched a more incisive policy on respect for human rights and democracy which , thanks , not least , to the substantial contribution made by the Commission , is already being implemented .
It is in this new and promising context that the Italian Presidency intends to discharge its great responsibility fully by putting every possible effort , and all the energies that such an event requires , into the Naples Conference .
We are certain that these measures would give the Partnership a powerful boost , allowing it to forge ahead independently and giving it a capacity for action generated by the demands of civil society as conveyed through the parliamentary channel , by virtuous circles nourished by the mutual respect that synergistic interaction between cultures can instil , and , lastly , by a financial institution that is increasingly in tune with the specific needs of beneficiary countries and endowed with a wider and better organised range of instruments through which to act .
As regards the economic dimension , Naples will – amongst other things – provide an opportunity for convergence and evaluation of the results of the Euro-Mediterranean Conference on Trade held in Palermo in July 2003 .
All this will be included in the powerful message which , we trust , will be sent out from the Naples Conference .
If we consider the Barcelona process , Meda , Meda II and the Valencia Conference , and the past and present expectations raised by these developments , it may be that we have failed somewhat in implementing all the decisions taken .
Fourthly , the procedures of the MEDA regulation need to be streamlined in order to increase the effectiveness of the project .     Mr President , Mr Antonione has already pointed out that the Assembly which is to take place in Naples is extremely important in terms of the decision to turn the Parliamentary Forum into a genuine Assembly , the Euro-Mediterranean Bank and the Euro-Mediterranean Foundation for Dialogue between Cultures .
Without wishing to shock you , Mr President , I am afraid that , in Italy , the circulation of the euro has brought an increase in the expenditure of all the workers and pensioners because its cost is significantly higher .     Mr President , last night , I dreamt once again about Mr Fatuzzo the sailor who worked on a cruise ship sailing between New York and the Bahamas from 1963 to 1965 .
As you know , those who receive a welfare allowance , such as hearing - or visually-impaired people or citizens who need constant assistance , lose the right to draw their disability allowance if they travel in Europe outside their own national state .
Russia , too , attaches great importance to the Summit .
The Summit , which took place at a sensitive moment in Russian domestic politics – parliamentary elections will be held next December and presidential elections in March 2004 – also afforded President Putin an opportunity to strengthen the ties drawing the European Union and the Russian Federation increasingly close together .
It was discussed on 28 October at the meeting of the European Union Troika with the Russian Foreign Minister , Igor Ivanov , as well as at a number of meetings of senior officials of the Italian Presidency and the Russian Federation .
If there is no mention of this issue in the final Summit Declaration , this is owing to the considerations that I mentioned a short while ago to the effect that this was a proposal on which agreement had to be reached , and thus the fruit of a brokerage exercise .
We renewed our appeal for all possible efforts to be made to speed up the release of Arjan Erkel , the representative who was abducted in the Caucasus in August 2002 , and expressed the hope that an ECHO office would be opened in the area .
This is a significant confirmation of our joint determination to press ahead with implementation of the plan of action against organised crime .
The possibility of similar cooperation is also to be explored by the relevant multilateral bodies in relation