the European Union cooperates with the ACP countries and with developing countries .
Furthermore , the Convention must include detailed and very clear provisions on measures to combat corruption , accompanied by very specific sanctions that can be applied to the ACP country , to the Member States or to the economic operators .
It further strengthens the belief that this is the right time to discuss and determine solutions to prevent this situation from having economic and social effects on European industry and international financial development .
However , it justifies an extension to other sectors , particularly the textile sector , which was included with these other sectors in a recital of our motion for a resolution and which was sacrificed to the benefit of the joint motion .
Indeed , this crisis is due to the fact that the financial and speculative instruments and mechanisms are out of synch with the structure and operation of the real economy .
However , in order for controls to be accepted and effective , it is essential that they be applied correctly , universally , transparently and fairly .
The social development of the sector also requires policies establishing general levels of social benefits and welfare entitlements that are identical for all Community fishermen and that guarantee them the foundations for a common legal statute in line with higher standards of living .
As for the proposals of the action plan , in essence , responsibility for monitoring naturally lies and will continue to lie with the Member States .
At the same time , we must accept that the reduction in the fishing effort cannot be implemented on the sole basis of reducing the number of vessels , but must also involve the voluntary reduction of operation time .
Tighter controls on transport from landing to the final point of sale are also required in order to make it possible to reliably ascertain the origin and legal situation of products on the market .
In the last few years I believe that significant progress has been made in reinforcing the environmental dimension of the Common Agricultural Policy .
I would ask the Commissioner to explain why there is only a 5 % increase in the amounts for agri-environmental measures .
My first question is : can the environment be protected while the countryside is being abandoned , and why therefore is this reform heading in this direction ?
The President cut the speaker off
In actual fact I believe that only an effective common defence policy will allow a concerted strategy to be convincingly and properly achieved in the European arms industry .
With every year that passes , we in the European Union are falling further behind our American allies in terms of the quality of our military equipment .
This strategy is aimed at helping China to become an increasingly prominent player on the international stage .
Turning now to the specific matter of Macao , in my opinion the rapporteur has handled this well because he has understood the specific situation of this territory arising from its history and its particular characteristics .
In order to ensure that everything works correctly , a Commission delegation is needed for Macao .
It is clear that this therefore lends particular importance to paragraph A-5 of the communication and to paragraph 41 of the motion for a resolution , which expresses the hope that the transfer of Macao to Chinese rule will be done correctly .
This identity and these opportunities have to date justified the participation of Macao in the World Trade Organisation and the conclusion of a trade and cooperation agreement between the European Union and Macao - unlike with Hong Kong - which must be maintained after the transfer to Chinese rule .
Madam President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the basic issue raised by the Commission document involves deciding whether public , state or regional aid should be restricted territorially .
However , it does deal adequately with the need to make the decision-making on specific regional situations more flexible .
I want to start by thanking the Commission and particularly the Commissioner for their work and personal commitment and also for the way in which , in Buenos Aires , they received and worked with the representatives of this House .
It is clear that this cannot go on .
As for the applicant countries , PHARE and TACIS now have no influence over their energy consumption .
As there has never been such a reaction before , we can only conclude that the US administration is more concerned about one or two multinational firms producing bananas in Latin America than about its own farmers .
It seems to us to be in even worse taste that attempts are being made to divide the European Union by granting an exemption to Denmark and Holland , because of their alleged good behaviour , when this is a common policy which we accepted jointly once it was decided .
These have now been applied since 1 January and will radically alter the market conditions for traditional ACP banana suppliers .
Turning to the matter in hand , I should like to emphasise how much we see eye-to-eye on this proposal .
There is now new wording introduced in the common position to provide for this .
It should also be recalled that the list of programme criteria is not a prescriptive nor an exhaustive one .
Specific wording does not need to be added to the regulation on this point .
Providing income support will postpone the day when non-competitive producers must leave the market .
There the key to improvement of banana production , competitiveness and productivity will be to be able to water the crop on a drop-by-drop basis .
The annual figure of EUR 45m is the correct one and additional money should not be set aside for urgent measures .
