I strongly endorse this report from my colleague , Robert Evans , designed to boost mobility amongst students and others involved in training across the EU.
He is right to emphasise the need for further action to overcome bureaucratic problems relating to residence rights and right to emphasise the needs of disadvantaged groups such as the disabled .
I support his desire to see research workers included in the proposal and his comments about the importance of involving countries preparing to join the EU.
I hope when this report comes back for second reading we are able to note that the Council has incorporated the rapporteur 's sensible amendments .
The SNP welcomes this directive and its aim to end discrimination in the workplace .
The unfair treatment of workers on the grounds of race , religious belief , disability , age or sexual orientation can in no way be justified in a modern and socially just Europe .
This directive gives Member States a great opportunity to enhance the rights of workers across the European Union .
The SNP is pleased to support this legislation , which is in line with our party 's policies of ending discrimination in all its guises and of positively backing measures to ensure equality of treatment for all citizens .
Moreover the SNP sees this legislation as a means to fulfil the underlying objectives of the European Union in recognising that equality in the field of employment helps combat social exclusion and assists the EU 's aims of permitting the free movement of its citizens .
I warmly welcome this proposal to establish a framework to combat discrimination and ensure equal treatment in employment .
The areas covered are access to employment and occupation , vocational training , promotion , employment conditions and membership of certain bodies .
The proposal covers both direct and indirect discrimination .
Harassment is also included within the definition of discrimination .
With regard to disability , the principle of equal treatment entails the identification and removal of barriers in the way of persons with disabilities who , with reasonable accommodation , are able to perform the essential functions of a job .
While the proposal continues to allow differences of treatment on the grounds of age they have to be objectively justified .
The proposal also allows positive action to redress gender imbalance .
These proposals deserve the serious attention of the Member States and the other Community Institutions .
The EPLP has voted for the Mann report on equal treatment in discrimination because it is firmly committed to the principle of combating unjustified discrimination and is broadly supportive of the overall objectives behind this proposal .
However the EPLP has strong reservations about the following areas .
On disability , whilst we welcome the principle of the proposals , the UK are justly proud of our own disability discrimination legislation , but we do not want to impose our model on other Member States .
However , we do want to ensure the directive lets us continue with the approach in the Disability Discrimination Act , although we recognise that some relatively minor changes may be required .
On age , the EPLP welcomes the principle of fighting age discrimination in employment and training .
This is a very complex area and the proposals are far-reaching and ambitious .
However , we feel it is important that the Community has legislation which is clear and workable .
On religion/belief , the EPLP welcomes the principle of protection on these grounds .
For the UK this would end the anomaly whereby two non-major Christian groups ( Jews , Sikhs ) , receive protection both from direct and indirect discrimination under the UK Race Relations Act as they are recognised by the courts as ethnic groups as well as religious groups .
Under some circumstances , Muslims receive protection , but only in cases of indirect discrimination , whilst Afro-Caribbean Muslims , white Muslims and indeed Christians , receive no protection at all .
However , the UK is one of the most religiously diverse populations in the European Union , so it is important that the proposals are right .
The EPLP is concerned to ensure that the directive will permit Section 60 of the UK Schools Standard and Framework Act 1998 to remain unaltered .
On sexual orientation , we welcome the principle of the Commission 's proposals to fight discrimination on this ground .
Further Concerns : Much of the text will need further clarification before it is finalised .
We have concerns about the unclear definitions of 'reasonable accommodation ' and 'undue hardship ' in Article 2( 4 ) , and the possible contradiction with the public procurement directives in the amendment on Article 55 .
Several areas of difference with the race directive should be eliminated , such as the definition of indirect discrimination in Amendment No 21 , the defence of rights in Article 8 , the text on victimisation in Article 10 , and Article 11 covering dissemination of information .
We also feel that the directive should be clear about which differences of treatment on the grounds of age are permissible and which are not .
We have concerns about several elements which appear to be overburdensome : notably application of the legislation to volunteer workers in charities and to public posts , and also compulsory collection and monitoring of statistics .
We are concerned about the inclusion of health , social security and assistance as there are considerable national differences in how these matters are handled and whether they form part of the employee/employer relationship .
There are also elements which , we feel , should be left to Member States such as overall implementation , provision of training to particular age groups of workers , the nature of a mediation system , and how SMEs are to interpret the directive .
Finally , some elements should be permissive rather