Or will we allow the market and the laws of chance to reign in a transport industry that is coming more and more under pressure ?
We want self-employed drivers to be included in the Working Time Directive .
Firstly , self-employed drivers need to be covered by working time regulations so that we can ensure traffic safety in Europe .
With a lorry weighing a tonne behind them , it is absolutely essential to put a limit on their working time to avoid tired drivers and accidents .
Secondly , we want to ensure fair competition within the transport industry .
This has been the industry 's solution to avoid the working time regulations .
Instead , we must ensure that there are uniform rules so that we create a level playing field .
From EU studies , we know that self-employed drivers are sick more often and are more stressed than employed drivers .
We do not think so .
I would like to dispel two myths .
Office work does not form part of the regulation , and it is very important to establish that fact .
We should bury this myth .
Secondly , there is the myth concerning enforcement .
To these Members , I would simply say that we have a digital tachograph that can provide the measurements .
Finally , I would just like to say a few words to Mrs Bauer .
Mrs Bauer broke all the good rules of negotiation , she broke the 'code of conduct ' of this House and now she is presenting what she calls a compromise .
It is her filthy proposal that she has produced with the Council by skirting all of the rules .
This is something that I hope everyone in Parliament will support when we vote tomorrow .
In our work in this committee , it has been crucial for us to ensure that consumers receive the proper tools to be able to make healthy and correct choices when it comes to food .
Thus , in the committee , we are in agreement that using food labelling to mislead consumers is totally unacceptable .
We are also in agreement that consumers must be provided with clear information through good labelling .
Thus , we are in agreement on the fundamental principles .
This shows what a difficult issue this is .
Madam President , I would like to start by reminding the Council that it was the one that suggested we have this mid-term review .
Now the Council is saying that it would rather not talk about this .
The Commission claims that it has , of course , looked at the funds and at how much flexibility there is .
We therefore need to get our act together and consider what options are available .
We need to consider not only how much flexibility we have but also whether there are any programmes that are not working .
Are there any opportunities for making savings ?
Is it possible to re-prioritise some things ?
That could also be a possibility .
The problems will not necessarily solve themselves if we do not talk about them .
I have been surprised by the Member States ' willingness recently to contribute outside the EU budget .
There , they have chartered a boat to carry out fisheries control , and this is very much needed .
Let me tell you , it will involve a lot of bureaucracy for such a small agency to collect money from 27 Member States .
It is therefore not the right way to go .
We need to get our heads out of the sand .
Mr President , BONUS-169 is an important pilot project and it is about cooperation on environmental problems in a particular area .
The programme is also intended to include non-EU countries that discharge their waste water and thereby pollute the Baltic Sea , which is considered to be one of the most polluted seas in the world .
All the various types of pollution in the world , from paper factories and similar industries , as well as collapsing fish stocks , threaten the Baltic Sea , and undetonated mustard gas bombs and Russian gas pipelines do not help to promote the welfare of the ecosystem .
However , it must not stand alone , but must instead be accompanied by the environmental awareness of the individual States together with action on their part ; including the provision of financial resources .
Well , they comprise any information systems that could make road transport safer , more efficient and more environmentally sound .
We are already familiar with some intelligent transport systems , but there are many more on the way .
There are systems that will be able to provide us with much better information on the situation on the roads .
Are there slippery roads ahead ?
We also have the eCall system , which is a system that automatically calls an emergency call centre when an accident happens so that help can arrive faster .
At first I found it quite difficult to determine what intelligent transport systems actually are , because they include so many different things .
When you sit in a traffic queue and do not know when , or if , you will be able to reach your destination and , for example , catch your flight , it would actually be nice to already have those systems in place now .
Therefore , it has to be asked : why then do we not have these intelligent transport systems ?
According to the agreement that has now been concluded with the Council , we are to define specifications for intelligent transport systems within four areas , and in association with six actions for which deadlines have been set .
The greatest sticking point in our work was the question of the practical implementation of all this