a number of points in the report , certain parts of which are , in our view , pervaded by a fear of liberalisation .
On the contrary .
At the Barcelona Summit , government leaders will have to adopt positions on a very ambitious plan of action for promoting qualifications and mobility in the EU over the next five years .
Decisions must be made at EU level to make life easier for those who wish to seek new challenges by studying , or taking jobs , in other EU countries .
However , there is also a long list of initiatives that the Member States must implement in order to strengthen the various forms of education .
I just think it important that it be accompanied by an open debate involving all the parties concerned , for , without such an open debate , there is a democratic deficit in the method of open coordination .
We should then end up by destroying a good idea , and we are not in any case in favour of open coordination where child care is concerned .
Mr President , the right-of-centre government in my home country , Denmark , has today appointed an internationally recognised con man , a Mr Lomborg , as leader of the government ' s so-called Institute for Environmental Assessment and in that way taken a major step towards abolishing any kind of sustainable development .
It is claimed , for example , that the integrated transport systems programme is of benefit to the environment , but the development of the EU' s motorway network since the Treaty of Maastricht was adopted ten years ago has , alone , led to a 15 % increase in traffic-related CO2 emissions , and that is quite independent of the political resolutions to reduce total emissions .
The summit programme represents everything but sustainable development , and that is true not only in an environmental perspective .
What Barcelona is mainly about , of course , is consolidating and developing the EU countries ' share of world economic domination .
The link between the EU' s full-blown capitalism and the political and military oppression it practises is frighteningly clear - only not to the EU élite .
Mr President , it was very important progress we made in Gothenburg with the adoption of a combined strategy for sustainable development and the simultaneous incorporation of the environmental dimension into the Lisbon strategy .
I think that the challenges in the environmental sphere have not been dealt with fully enough either in the Spanish Presidency ' s work programme or in the Commission ' s discussion paper for the summit .
By means of the proposals to be debated tomorrow here in Parliament , those of us in the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Policy have tried to correct some of these deficiencies .
Allow me just to mention a couple of examples .
It is also important that we arrange for systematic sustainability assessments to be carried out of all the EU' s political initiatives .
It is hugely important that , in the new agriculture and fisheries reforms , we should see to it that the requirements in terms of the environment and sustainability are also considered in relation to enlargement .
I hope that the Council will listen to Parliament ' s eminently justified demands and recommendations .
Mr President , in the discharge for 1999 , we looked at the budget from all sides .
All the EU institutions were examined in turn because , even if it is ultimately the Commission that is responsible for implementing the budget , it does not , of course , act in isolation .
The agricultural area is a shining example .
The Commission is proposing a reform of agricultural policy , but the Council and Parliament are resisting this and proposing that the subsidies be made still more bureaucratic , over-generous and vulnerable to fraud and trickery .
The flax , milk and sugar subsidies are good examples .
We do not always agree with the Commission , but we basically have the same objectives , namely that the Commission should become an efficient and modern administration .
My original plan was to compare the individual directorates-general of the Commission and offer a characterisation of each one of them .
I should like to call upon the Court of Auditors to investigate what is practised in the Member States .
One of the most important was the inadequate review of auditors ' reports and the insufficient degree of follow-up .
Apparently , the Commission will only agree to the internal auditing service ' s briefing Parliament once a year , and that is absolutely not enough .
The supply of information is always the biggest bone of contention between Parliament and the Commission .
I have had an incredible amount of information supplied in connection with the discharge for 1999 , and I should like to thank the Commission for this .
However , clear rules that can be applied are needed , irrespective of the identities of the Commissioner and of the rapporteur for the discharge .
It can be used to withhold documents and to keep them confidential , for it is the Commission which , in the last analysis , decides whether a document is confidential .
I have respected the framework agreement because that is what applies at present , but I think we should make efforts to have it renegotiated , and I should like to ask our President , Mr Cox , to honour his pledges concerning openness and reforms , especially in this area .
We must ensure value for money .
The Commission has promised to submit results of evaluations that have been carried out .
What does the Commission say to providing a briefing every quarter or every six months ?
