production and export of arms has our complete backing , but we reject Mr Titley ' s report with the following justification .
To introduce a report on codes of conduct on arms exports by , in paragraph 1 d ) , proclaiming that the EU' s policy on arms exports should 'meet the needs and challenges of the European defence industry ' is self-contradictory .
We acknowledge that positive changes have been made and also support a number of the individual wordings .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I should like to thank the rapporteur - who is now represented by Mr Evans - for a really sound report .
I should also like to thank Commissioner Monti for his strong commitment to competition policy in the EU.
There are at present quite a few good examples of free competition ' s being threatened as soon as the opportunity arises for disrupting it .
The first , very telling example is the proposal tabled by the Commission to introduce an interim subsidy arrangement for certain types of shipbuilding .
The background to the proposal is that we in Europe believe we are exposed to unfair competition from South Korea .
Where this matter is concerned , I therefore wish to call upon the European Parliament and my fellow MEPs here in the House to stand by the Council ' s resolution from last year to abolish all direct subsidies for shipbuilding .
This has led many to campaign for the introduction of subsidies .
The whole sector has for a long time been in need of radical restructuring and , as politicians , we must ensure that the present frenzied and tumultuous situation is not used to introduce a mass of subsidies that are to be paid for by ourselves as taxpayers and that are designed to bail out a host of unprofitable companies and routes for which , as consumers , we shall have to pay the excess price over and above what we have paid in tax .
I think it important that we should hold the Commission to its assurance that the new competition rules do not mean a renationalisation of competition policy .
It is also my hope that the Commission will be attentive to the desire for a start to be made as soon as possible on looking into the rules for the repayment of unlawfully allocated State subsidies - an area which leaves a lot to be desired .
Mr President , what happened on 11 September does not reduce the need for development aid .
On the contrary .
The EU is most certainly the world ' s largest donor region , but that does not say as much about our own efforts as about the deficiencies of others .
There is both their deficient contribution to the UN and the insufficient development aid they have provided .
Prevention is , of course , better than cure , and development aid is an effort at prevention .
We must be clear that , in our contemporary world with its TV channels , the very poorest people also know that there are very large inequalities in the world .
There is no doubt that the refugee ship we heard about this summer is only the first small portent of what is to come .
Crisis conditions , to put it mildly , prevail in a long list of developing countries .
A huge effort is therefore necessary when it comes to HIV/AIDS , tuberculosis and malaria .
Anyone who has been in any doubt as to whether this can simply be left to private companies can no longer , after the debate that has been conducted in recent years , be in any doubt that an effort is required , partly from the donor countries .
It has actually been rather humiliating to discuss this matter , but that is why it is all the more gratifying that the EU has now done something in this area and , for example , totally untied the funds , which means that developing countries can buy wherever it is best and cheapest to do so .
We must , of course , also concentrate on restructuring .
Both medicines and infrastructure are required in this matter , and I would urge us to continue to make a major effort to help developing countries to help themselves .
Mr President , it is now already a year since I took part in the round-table conference on 29 September , in which everyone agreed that no time was to be wasted in obtaining practical results in the fight against transmissible diseases .
The Commission has acknowledged the right of poor countries to issue compulsory licences , but what does the Commission intend to do to bring about the necessary transfer of technology so that poor countries themselves can produce medicine ?
Economically speaking , this is possible .
We are not talking in terms of huge investments to start up local production .
The necessary transfer of technology might , in addition , be envisaged in terms of allowing those employed in the medical sector in the EU to spend a couple of years in developing countries , working on such technology transfer programmes .
They must be involved in research and development , not by inviting them to European conferences - where they are likely to receive subsistence allowances - but by providing the institutions in which they work with equipment , training and communication facilities so that well-educated people living and working under incredibly difficult conditions are motivated to remain in their own countries .
And what is the EU doing ?
Does it not make sense for the vaccine to be tested by Africans in Africa , or are Africans only good enough to act as subjects of experiments by European scientists