The EU and Central Asia have common challenges in terms of energy , the fight against climate change , drug trafficking control and the fight against terrorism .
Putting electric cars on the market could represent a competitive advantage for European industry .
I call for greater investment in research and development into smart grids and battery technology , in order to make more efficient use of primary materials .
Nevertheless , I must once again warn that the setting of a European strategy must not mean the creation of a complex mass of regulations weighing heavily on the industry , putting its development and viability at risk .
This coordination also encourages compatibility and interoperability .
Above all , the 'goal of a largely decarbonised transportation system by 2050' that is mentioned in the report , must involve significantly increasing development of various types of mass and public transport and promoting their use to make them accessible to all ; electric vehicles must be strongly represented in this process .
This industry continues to be fundamental to the European economy , contributing to employment , technological innovation and competitiveness .
One of the purposes of the proposal presented by the Commission for a ' European Partnership for Action Against Cancer - 2009-2013' is to support the Member States in their efforts to tackle cancer by providing a framework for identifying and sharing information , capacity and expertise in cancer prevention and control and by engaging relevant stakeholders across the EU in a collective effort .
This is why it is important that there be a cross-cutting and integrated approach in fields of action such as education , the environment , research , and social issues , as well as greater coordination between the various cancer-research centres in the EU.
I would draw attention to the unacceptable situation in Portugal , where innovative and effective cancer-treatment drugs ,specifically for lung cancer and breast cancer , are being refused to patients for purely financial reasons .
One of the areas of such action , at European level , is protection and improvement of human health ( Article 2E ) .
The report refers to various significant issues , including : the need for primary prevention and control of diseases that can develop into cancer ; the importance of screening ; the insufficiency of the funding that is currently available to the fight against cancer in the EU , particularly public funding ; the need to reduce occupational and environmental exposure to carcinogens ; the need to update the lists of carcinogenic substances ; and the protection of cancer patients and chronically sick people in the workplace .
Information and Communication Technologies ( ICT) play an essential role in promoting European economic growth .
ICT can also play an important role in measuring and quantifying the global effects of climate change and evaluating climate protection measures , thereby contributing to the fine-tuning of climate policy .
Information and communication technologies can make a significant contribution to the EU economy 's energy efficiency , notably in the buildings and transport sector .
I welcome the European Commission 's initiative to present a broad policy framework for European action on climate adaptation policy .
I would also stress the importance of the role of research and technology in developing a low-carbon society , in view of the Commission 's recent communication on the Strategic Energy Technology Plan , and the logic of intervention between the public and private sectors as well as between Union , national and regional financing .
Any climate change policy must - particularly against a backdrop of economic and financial crisis -seek economic efficiency and sustainability , putting innovation and research at the service of new techniques and solutions that are more environmentally friendly and equally efficient and competitive .
In fact , I advocate making national adaptation plans based on a common European framework obligatory .
In order to achieve that , I consider it essential to adopt measures that establish greater transparency in the fight against tax fraud - especially in VAT - and all financial crimes ; greater cooperation between governments in the case of cross-border fraud ; improvements in the quality of data and constant updating of national databases ; and rapid responses by governments to requests for information .
At this time of economic and financial crisis , not a single euro of the EU budget can be wasted , and this is even truer when such waste is a result of fraud that leads to Union funds being paid out inappropriately .
The EIB responded quickly to the global economic crisis , in particular through the Economic Recovery Plan , and for those Member States which have been most severely hit by the crisis .
The increased funding for small and medium-sized enterprises , which represent the majority of Europe 's enterprise , and the extra funding for research and development would help to further alleviate the effects of this crisis .
In terms of crisis management , I am pleased to highlight the EIB 's quick response to the global economic crisis by self-financing an increase of its capital and hence raising its volume of lending in support of the European Economic Recovery Plan .
Given that Nigeria is the eighth-largest oil producer in the world , it is regrettable that the majority of the country 's inhabitants live below the poverty line .
I strongly condemn the recent violence in and around Jos , when many hundreds of people were killed in ethnic and religious clashes .
That does not , however , mean that responsibility for the country 's conflicts lies essentially with Europeans .
It is high time that we had a policy that is ambitious in European terms , and that we added further measures to this ambitious policy , especially amidst the crisis situation that we are experiencing .
Let us also hope that there is investment from