I am proud to live in and work for .
If we are not given access to the documents , none of the EU institutions will be fulfilling its role or meeting our citizens ' expectations .
The main issue today is transparency , although naturally , the content is also sensitive .
Our citizens want guarantees that their electronic devices will not be searched at borders , that they are entitled to be connected and that criminal sanctions will not be brought in over their heads .
I demand that the negotiations are broken off immediately .
We therefore request that all the documents are put on the table now and for all citizens , since this is , of course , only what is expected of a democracy .
We believe that the EU must compare the possibility of achieving success by means of isolation and sanctions with the use of critical dialogue and cooperation .
We must not aggravate the situation by adopting a resolution which will definitely be regarded as unsatisfactory by the parties involved .
I have voted against the report , which states that the EU 's values and interests must be advanced worldwide by deepening the Union 's collective strategic thinking .
This seems to be a neo-colonial approach .
Parliament is also calling for increased budget appropriations from the Member States , in particular , with regard to the need for the EU to establish quickly a large presence at the UN which speaks with one voice .
The citizens of Europe have never had the opportunity to express their opinion on this issue because some of the Member States have refused to hold referendums on the Treaty of Lisbon .
The European Defence Agency will develop military space surveillance capability .
As a citizen of a non-aligned country , I cannot support this far-reaching report .
We largely agree with the priorities stated in the report .
For us Liberals , investment in developing countries is dear to our hearts .
In order to generate development and growth in developing countries , we ought to promote free trade and abolish the EU 's various direct and indirect barriers to trade .
In my assessment , which is supported by the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development , the vast majority of the five year plan adopted by Parliament in 2006 - for which Mrs Jeggle was rapporteur - has been implemented fairly reasonably .
It also concerns the recurrent problem of the long-distance transport of animals , sometimes in grim conditions .
This is important for two reasons .
It is unreasonable to make such great demands of them if we are not prepared to ensure fair trade .
Moreover - and this may not be so popular - somehow or other , we have to pay for animal welfare .
Last but not least , we need to get to grips with the use of antibiotics in animal husbandry .
I would also like to thank the rapporteur , Mrs in 't Veld , for her commitment to the protection of privacy and the rule of law in this matter as in many others .
The aim of the EU and of internal mobility is to make borders disappear and for the EU to result in greater freedom of movement .
It concerns freedom of movement , but it also concerns international conventions and our civil rights .
In view of the absence of Members , this normally means 60 % of those voting .
Another example is the original Services Directive , where the Council and Parliament deleted a paragraph that stated that it was to be prohibited to demand a permanent representative in the case of the posting of workers , in other words a trade union counterpart .
I do not agree with the latter point .
We Swedish Social Democrats voted against the part of the report that calls for a common forestry policy in the EU.
The EU is far too large an area to be able to handle agricultural aid efficiently for areas with natural handicaps .
The EU has requested detailed maps from the Member States , but only a few countries have supplied them .
The management of agricultural aid should be handled by the Member States .
They have the local knowledge .
A single agricultural policy is equally inappropriate for all 27 Member States .
I firmly believe that once membership negotiations have commenced , irrespective of the candidate country concerned , they should be continued in a positive spirit without further complicating the EU accession process or putting obstacles in its way .
I strongly oppose this type of levy or tax on international transactions .
As these two passages were included in the resolution and the request to delete them was , unfortunately , not supported by the majority , I voted against the resolution as a whole .
These mines help to provide employment in sparsely populated areas , and as yet it has not been possible to develop alternative technology .
In Sweden , all cyanide in mining is handled in closed processes and in a way which is considered to be safe .
In yesterday 's vote in the European Parliament on a general ban on the use of cyanide mining technologies in the European Union , like many other Swedish MEPs I voted against the motion for a resolution .
In my opinion , an outright ban on cyanide-based mining technology would be inadvisable until we have an alternative to cyanide leaching that is technically , economically and environmentally feasible .
We can all be pleased about that .
It is a very important step .
Unfortunately , this is not always the case , as there are Member States that violate fundamental rights in the EU.
Regrettably , it is also the case that we in this House stand by and allow this to happen .
