I am delighted to see that Parliament can endorse both proposals .
Since the Convention falls within the shared competence of the Community and the Member States and is also binding on the EU institutions , I am glad to see that they are ready to work together to ensure this Convention is implemented properly .
We need to work together to protect the human rights of persons with disabilities , and an effective implementation of the UN Convention will do just that and meet that objective .
I would also like to thank the Council for its reassurance that the Czech Presidency will strive towards a quick conclusion to the ratification and the whole process .
The Ecodesign Directive is not one of those matters the media or the general public would get worked up about , but actually it is about something that is very important , although I also share Mr Wijkman 's view that the perspective should be widened to cover resource efficiency in general .
Buildings are estimated to cause 36 % of greenhouse gas emissions in the EU.
According to reports we have all seen , improving the energy efficiency of buildings is one of the most economical ways of protecting the climate .
That is only right , and I think it is excellent that we have not allowed the chemical industry lobbyists to block this very necessary decision .
It is pathologically stupid that the Commission should try to do away with the A to G scale , which has worked so well , which consumers have become familiar with , and which has provided a model elsewhere in the world .
Mr Hamon 's report on the Savings Tax Directive is excellent and balanced .
For example , we should harmonise the taxation systems for savings income in the form of interest payments .
We need to include the last remaining Member States in the information exchange system .
The G20 Conference also made the dismantling of tax havens one of the key objectives .
It is good that we have had a first-rate expert in the field as our rapporteur on this issue .
I am pleased that political consensus was found within Parliament and also with the Council of Ministers to resolve this issue .
In Finland such practices saved the white-tailed eagle from extinction back in the times when its natural food supply was too contaminated owing to chemical toxins , and when white-tailed eagles would not have been able to breed just by surviving on natural food sources .
In the northern , very sparsely populated parts of Finland , nature photographers use this method to attract wild animals to places where they can be photographed , and small travel companies also organise bear watching safaris , for example .
In my country , Finland , a restriction on working time would have a very adverse effect on self-employed drivers .
They therefore do everything themselves : they maintain their vehicles and do their own accounts .
Driving times themselves should not be extended , but if this amendment by the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance and the Socialist Group in the European Parliament were to enter into force , drivers would not be able to maintain their vehicles or do their accounts during their time off , for example .
I hope that everyone will agree with the Commission and the Council of Transport Ministers to keep self-employed drivers outside the scope of regulated working time under this Directive . on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group . - ( FI ) Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , my sincerest thanks go to Mrs Podimata for her quite excellent work , which I fully support .
The Committee on Industry , Research and Energy has supported clear , consumer-friendly energy labelling , which I would like to see preserved , as would the Committee .
The EU energy label has been a success .
The new model being promoted by manufacturers would be the equivalent of continually calling a record in sport going back decades the world record , and when the record is beaten , calling it the world record minus 5 % , the world record minus 10 % , the world record minus 20 % , and so on .
This is more serious , because this is a very serious matter and indeed a very substantive issue concerning democratic development in Turkey .
There is no moral or ethical justification of this kind of horrible attack .
Let me also express my personal , and the Commission 's , sorrow on the death of nine Turkish soldiers and a gendarme as a consequence of the terrorist attacks last week .
We condemn terrorism and support Turkey in its fight against terrorism .
We understand that charges brought against them include being a member of a terrorist organisation , although a formal indictment is still pending .
However , our approach is clear : while we support the fight against terrorism , we have consistently stressed that it must be conducted by respecting human rights and fundamental freedoms , in particular as regards the freedom of expression and association .
The Democratic Society Party has been contributing to pluralism in Turkey , and its political legitimacy was confirmed by the results of the recent local elections in March .
At the same time , the people of south-east Turkey need peace , they need stability and prosperity rather than further violence or confrontation .
All must exercise restraint and be committed to peaceful means and peaceful means only .
It is essential that the principles of democracy and the rule of law , including the rights of defendants , will prevail .
We have requested Turkey to take such an opinion fully into account and to reflect it in the Turkish constitutional and