We do this in all kinds of policy areas .
She might note how the Minister for Foreign Affairs recently tried again to prevent the broadcasting of a documentary about the crimes of Belgium and the royal house in our former colony the Congo .
That , however , is not something for a scientific-technical bureau or agency , that is remote from politics .
That need not be our representatives , although we can , of course , also call them to account .
In short , the Annan Plan perpetuates and legalises the Turkish occupation .
We also heard just now that matters falling within the Copenhagen political criteria , in particular , such as freedom of the press and access to the media , are closed off not only to our Commissioner Verheugen and to foreigners , but also to national opposition parties .
Yet Cypriots choose not only with their minds , but also with their hearts .
I have just heard Mr Verheugen saying that it is we who are organising the accession of Cyprus to the EU , but Greece that must enable unity in that country .
If the USA now wants support for Iraq , it must in turn come up with support for an international force in the Gaza Strip following an Israeli withdrawal , and in the West Bank as the following step .
US policy is characterised by unilaterality and ever changing coalitions .
This dialogue is necessary now more than ever , but it must be an open dialogue and not one in which one side only talks and rarely listens .
We want a strengthening of the United Nations and , in particular , a strengthening of the international legal order .
I hope , therefore , that Parliament will continue to follow the course outlined .     .
Mr Bourlanges is referring to the explanatory statement – not to a paragraph in the resolution – and , as you know , the explanatory statement is not included in the final text adopted by plenary .     .
A serious debate on this is no longer possible today owing to lack of time .
The suggestion by the Court of Auditors that private entities be excluded henceforth from EU subsidies for purchasing nature reserves was unable to count on support from this House , therefore , which I think is a very good thing .
The costs of this refusal amount to EUR 185 million each year , rising to EUR 203 million after enlargement .
Four years on from the Lisbon Summit , I note that little progress has been made .
It now looks like a majority of the Greek-speaking population will be voting against on 24 April because it wants more rights for itself and fewer for the Turkish-speaking minority .
This means that both in terms of quality and quantity , there is insufficient capacity to guarantee the safety of citizens along the European coasts .
Which means that all the work we have done has reached a disappointing conclusion , particularly because we know that Member States refuse to take part in introducing criminal sanctions .
Proposals have been made for the designation of ports of refuge , compulsory insurance cover to be able to recoup damage and costs from shipowners , the use of transmitters to trace lost containers and the stricter observation of existing environmental and safety rules ; these receive my support .
The United States is making every effort to make life for the Criminal Court as difficult as possible .
He was very harsh in his criticism of the United States and the European Union .
This has led to much tension within the present European Union .
Similarly , barbaric practices of sowing hatred for purely religious or ethnic reasons have by no means been stamped out ; on the contrary , ever more innocent people are being killed on a random basis .
Luckily , Mrs De Keyser supports the appeals I made in my report last year to make the human rights dialogue with partner countries less non-committal and structure it more effectively .
Our Christian Democrat friends should agree on this , even if it involves non-enforceable rights .
Similarly , the Israeli-Palestinian conflict lacks any sense of nuance : Palestinian terror attacks and the construction of the security wall , for example , are bracketed together .
We are therefore pleased with the progress that has been made under the supervision of Mrs Ainardi , Mr Savary , Mr Jarzembowski and Mr Sterckx .
If we want to turn Europe into the world 's most competitive and dynamic knowledge-based society by 2010 , there is of course a great deal left to be done .
The market cannot do everything and the governments have a just role .
We indicated that this was insufficient for us and that 140 million was the absolute minimum .
I am glad that election campaigns are on the way .
Their answer is clear : we are the bosses , not the European Parliament or the European Commission in Brussels , and not the Government in Ankara either : we are the ones who decide what will happen in this case .
Finally , for those who have concluded solely on the basis of this matter that negotiations should not start , I would like to remind you of what Ms Zana herself said .
The old state philosophy , the old type of Kemalism , still holds considerable sway as can be seen in this trial .
For these reasons I think that we must press for the existing opportunities to be used to free Ms Leyla Zana and others imprisoned for similar so-called offences in anticipation of reform of the entire legal process .     Madam President , last Tuesday Mr Trichet , President of the European Central Bank , gave a speech about the European economy .
I should also like