and gentlemen , as someone who lives and works in an Objective 1 region , and on an island to boot , I am obviously well qualified to understand the importance of the initiative and appreciate the objectives of the European Union .
To judge from my own country , the region has what it takes , from the point of view of human resources and from the point of view of instruments which can bring suitable partners together , to promote innovations by finding new solutions and new ways forward .
Of course , if we want to be consistent , this call needs to be accompanied by a restriction on tiresome bureaucracy , Commissioner , at all stages of the procedure for including and implementing programmes .
The problem which arises and the political action which we need to develop in this sector are particularly important at the present time , as the European Union endeavours to modernise its social model and fuse economic development with social progress , the quality of life and the social integration of all its citizens .
The report contains numerous common positions .
Encouraging the elderly to take up roles which they can fulfil on a voluntary basis will help overcome the objections of trades union , which view any extension of working life with suspicion .
It quite rightly combines this policy with the policy for the viability of pension systems .
The redistribution of resources implied in the policy to modernise pension systems , an explosive problem , represents a further aim of the new policy for all ages .
I should like to close with a word on medical care .
Mr President , my apologies for interrupting you .
I should imagine that this double sex change in a day and without surgical intervention is the first of its kind and it deserves a mention in the Guinness Book of Records , unless of course the necessary corrections are made and all changes of sex avoided .
My fellow Member has described the circumstances and I need add no further details .
It has already advanced to positions at two points on the border with the buffer zone in Cyprus , in violation of UN arrangements , and the protests emanating from the UN and from us and from the members of ÍÁÔÏ are so ineffectual that it pays no attention to them whatsoever .
We all know what a dark day it was for the whole of mankind when the Turkish military and police forces brutally invaded the prisons .
I think that it is wrong that neither we nor the bureau have as yet protested against this situation in stronger , more categorical terms ; our silence makes the whole of mankind feel that both the European Parliament and the European Union are accessories to this crime .
Their purpose is always to check if the person being evaluated has met the predefined targets of the person conducting the evaluation , who sets both the evaluation criteria and the consequences of their being met or not .
This policy results in cutbacks in general education for the benefit of training which produces disposable labour ; it even results in general education being replaced by an endless process of life-long learning .
In addition , the system of self-evaluation shifts the government 's responsibility for the quality of education on to teachers , pupils and parents .
What type of person do schools mould and for what sort of society ?
Naturally - to come back to what the previous speaker said - every Member State of the European Union has a policy on these issues .
Obviously , we have no intention of superseding national policy .
For example , the Union frequently funds projects and interventions through the Structural Funds which destroy or seriously affect monuments , the landscape and other elements of our cultural and natural heritage .
Today , the question is still in abeyance of the new Olympic facilities in Schinia in Marathon , an historic site par excellence for the whole of Europe as well as a particularly important wetland which was initially included in the ÍÁÔURA 2000 lists , Commissioner .
This project and many others have one thing in common : they hope to receive , or they are already in receipt of , Community funding .
Although Nice did not take the crucial decision of exempting culture from the unanimity ruling , thereby enabling us to take a more decisive step towards convergence , what is important , as the report confirms , is that the European Union is working to develop a diverse cultural area .
Moreover - and here I agree with Mr Papayannakis - I think that cultural impact studies should be a compulsory criterion when deciding which projects to fund with European money , so that we avoid causing what is often incalculable damage .
What it comes down to , as Mr Staes has said and done , is going and seeing for yourself .
What we need to do is to get close to them , and we need to get close to them not just by expressing an interest which , it goes without saying , is manifest on all sides ; we need to get close to them in practice , both physically and geographically , but mainly by learning about their history and what makes them tick .
The European Agency for Reconstruction is now up and running in Thessaloniki and Pristina .
We have been proven right in keeping the agency in Thessaloniki because if we had moved the Thessaloniki agency to Pristina , Yugoslavia would now be unable to obtain funding from the European Agency for Reconstruction because it would have been impossible for a Serb to go to Pristina and claim so much as a single euro