It is not simply by telling us that you will interpret this Stability Pact with the future in mind that we can develop towards a real growth pact .
Today , our delegation will be submitting a proposal to you for making this openness a priority for your Presidential term .
We also know that the Commission is not a member of the ICAO , even though we have asked them on many occasions to become a member , not only for aviation , but also for shipping , so that at those international meetings , we as a Union can finally speak with one voice and not only with the voices of the Member States .
There is absolutely no doubt that we should maintain a sense of balance in this , but as Mr Piecyk stated , neither we , nor the Commissioner for that matter , want our hands to be tied beforehand at global level .
Let there be no misunderstanding : I do not want to overlook the economic aspect in aviation , but it must be possible for us as a Union to adopt a policy without anybody tying our hands beforehand .     Mr President , it looks like the 35th ICAO Meeting will be a memorable one .
Maintaining tax benefits and leaving certain social costs uncovered does nothing to help our cause .
Our group advocates a very vigorous climate policy and we will not be avoiding difficult decisions in the process – certainly not when a sector is already enjoying tax exemptions and preferential treatment in this way .
This particularly applies to the implementation and enforcement of the Basel Convention and the European Regulation for the movement of waste , on the review of which I have , as rapporteur , been working hard for more than a year now .
Secondly , I am a Euro-sceptic .
I was fortunate enough to act as chairman of this Parliament’s delegation in Belarus for five years and we have had bad experiences with elections in that country in the past .
This change must go hand in hand with an improvement in the climate , which also entails more freedom for trade unions and academics .
I hope that the elections will be a step in the direction of Europe , but I fear that they will rather be a step in the direction of a yet more authoritarian system .
The object of the whole exercise is to give the people a chance to share in Europe’s wealth and prosperity .
What impact can the European institutions have in Belarus ?
It is certainly a long-term effort involving many risks .
In this , he does not exactly show a great deal of respect for his new office .
This can be perfectly fitted in within Community methods , as the Commission has also understood and applied , for which thanks .
In particular , I should like to mention the chairmen of the two committees , the Committee on Budgets and the Committee on Budgetary Control .
We must avoid overestimating the level of payment appropriations .
As for payment appropriations , that is to say , the cash that the European Union will be required to pay out during 2005 , a total of EUR 105 billion has been set aside for this purpose .
Accordingly , the payment appropriations proposed by the Commission in its preliminary draft budget have , by means of a general reduction , been cut by EUR 3 billion .
The resulting appropriation corresponds to the expected implementation level .
As a result of the choices within Heading 3 to which I have just referred , the Council provides for a margin of EUR 108 million under the ceiling for Heading 3 of the financial perspectives .
I hope and expect that , at the second reading of the Budget for 2005 , we can reach agreement as provided for in the Interinstitutional Agreement , with regard to the final budget for the CFSP and international fisheries agreements .
I am convinced that you as Members of this House , the other wing of the budgetary authority , share the Council’s view of healthy financial management .
I am convinced that , as in the past , we will reach a mutually agreeable resolution in the end .     Madam President , as Mrs Guy-Quint stated a moment ago , there is always something predictable about debates such as today’s .
A great deal can be said about the many budget categories .
In my view , it is clearly a political activity which should be assessed as such , and Parliament should have more say in this , rather than merely receiving information , as it does at present .
This is the very thing which the Council is trying to achieve : by means of this budget , to give substance to the added value which Europe can have , the added value compared to what is happening elsewhere , to what is happening nationally , in the best possible way .
If you look into this in more detail , I agree that this can also lead to a different insight .
In that sense , I hope that some of your Members have not suggested any kind of opposition here where the responsibility is concerned which we , as legs of the budgetary authority , you as Parliament and we as Council , feel for all citizens of Europe , whereby we as Council give due consideration to the economic situation of a recession , the fact that choices must definitely be made and the fact that we largely view this added value , as stated in a reaction to Mr Lewandowski’s speech , as part of the added value of European efforts compared to national efforts .
He was also the first to level critical remarks with regard to the proposals on