with the European Union .
There are some here who would prefer Russia rather than America as a strategic partner .
Mrs Lalumière and Mr Brok want EU defence policy to be under the control of a Vice-President of the Commission , who would assume the CFSP responsibilities of the Secretary-General of the Council .
Under this scheme the Commission would run defence policy .
This is all barmy stuff .
The Commission should concentrate on its civil external assistance programmes , military matters should be left to the nations on an intergovernmental basis .
Let NATO first decide how it would deal with a crisis and then , if required , Europeans , having developed greater capability , could indeed assume responsibility for a particular task , as agreed in NATO four years ago .
Let us not pretend that the present proposals have this in mind .
I cannot tell you how delighted I am to discover that Mr Brok all along was a dangerous revolutionary !
Could I congratulate Mrs Lalumière on her report .
Clearly we have made huge leap forwards on European defence cooperation in the last 12 months or so , but there are certain things we need to bear in mind .
Firstly , a key factor must be to maintain the consistency of the European Union 's external policy .
Unless Pillars 1 , 2 and 3 are working towards the common goal , any other mechanism we set up is bound for failure .
So we must always hold that in mind .
Secondly , while attention has inevitably been focused in recent weeks on the military dimension , we must not lose sight of the need for civilian conflict prevention and one cannot be at the expense of the other , otherwise you are actually pulling in opposite ways .
Thirdly , while I welcome the Rapid Reaction Force , we have to be clear from Europe 's perspective , as we only get one chance to get this right .
It is not a question of not being halfway in or halfway out , there has to be a clear commitment by all the Member States involved to making this work .
We should not therefore try to force this to do anything it is not intended to .
NATO of course is the arm of collective defence of Europe and the West .
The Rapid Reaction Force 's job is peacekeeping and peacemaking and the Petersberg tasks .
To do that we have to have the capability .
At the moment we are grossly short of that capability and ultimately Member States have to consider their defence expenditure plans , which are dramatically different from one country to another .
I would like ultimately to see us move towards greater convergence of defence expenditure .
We also need proper coordination .
No duplication , not only with NATO , but no duplication within EU Member States .
We should be working together and coordinating .
We should move towards greater European procurement policy , so we have a more efficient defence industry delivering better value for money .
Mr President , it is a special pleasure for me finally , and I emphasis the word finally , to be here tonight presenting this report .
I recall that I first met Vice-President Kinnock in December last year when the parliament intimated that I was to be asked to take on this task .
So it has taken eleven months before we have moved forward .
It has been a very pleasurable experience .
Certainly I echo what colleagues have said that the team of rapporteurs have worked very well together .
It has been a pleasure to work together and I think the process of addressing a crucial reform of the Commission that is central to the future of the European Union has had added depth and richness because the four of us have been involved .
The focus of my report is on the strategy for the human resource reforms .
I emphasis strategy because the Legal Affairs Committee has perhaps at least two years work ahead of it , although we hope not quite as long as that , in scrutinising all the reforms of the Staff Regulations that will flow from the human resource reforms .
So we were keen to make sure that the strategic framework was in place and that it was the right one .
Generally we are satisfied with that , but we are not complacent about it and I just want to highlight what I think are some of the crucial issues that the Commission is facing and how we can help them achieve this absolutely critical reform .
One of the things that we were keen to do in our committee was not just to look at this in isolation but to look at what was going on outside .
We held a very successful public hearing on the reforms where we brought in people from private and public industry to give us the environment , the organisational and human resource changes that are going on around us , in which the Commission is going to have to move forward with these reforms .
Indeed it is going to have to recruit the best people in a very competitive market .
What was very interesting from those discussions was to see how employment and organisation practices in private and public sector are actually moving closer together .
Big organisations everywhere now are becoming more open ; they are becoming more transparent ; they are using information technology in new ways ; they are moving away from traditional vertical forms of organisation , sharing information across organisations and between each other .
That is the crucial lesson that the Commission is going to have to take up in the details of its reform