For one thing , it does not communicate Members ' views to the public as I would expect it to do .
Mr President , this is about the bananas .
It will surely make things clearer if I briefly outline the situation regarding these amendments as I see it .
There is certainly every reason to consider the bloody deeds of the Pinochet regime as crimes against humanity which could be punished by any court in the world .
Then in Greifswald the Lugmin reactor was dismantled but was not even connected to the grid , and what you perhaps saw in Reinsberg was a research reactor , which cannot be compared with an operational power station .
That decision is your problem , and it still needs to be solved .
We should not merely try to find some sort of hiding place , Mr Chichester .
Not until we have done that , for the sake of generations still to come , for the sake of our children , can we be sure that future generations will be able to practise archaeology without anxiety .
The greatest quantities of newly formed groundwater have been found under farmland .
That was the aim behind these environmental measures .
This programme must be incorporated into the second pillar , and the way to do this is to take what has actually been done , to take this scheme that was launched as an environmental programme and turned into an innovation and marketing programme for special organic produce , and to combine it all with a structural programme for the integrated development of rural areas .
In my own federal state of Baden-Württemberg , this programme has gained wide acceptance , but the level of regional cofinancing is very high at 50 % .
Above all , we forego maximum yields , and we hoe our maize .
Madam President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , while it is certainly true that anyone reading this rather cryptic title will be taken aback , the report before the House is considerably more interesting than the title would suggest .
When we examine this report , we see that in the reporting period , the year 1996 , this sum only amounted to ECU 1.3 billion .
Not until we have eliminated this problem shall we obtain the support of the European taxpayers for a new and sustainable policy for rural areas .
The gradual demise of many villages in your countries and in mine will ultimately lead to the decline of rural areas in general .
These measures are important , and I welcome the proposals in this area , Commissioner , which you have made in the Agenda 2000 framework .
With the modern techniques of electronic networking , the modern library could be linked up to all the libraries and archives in the world , thereby giving worldwide access to documents , articles and books , as well as all the other publications available .
In practical terms , this could be by way of mutual consultation , by acquiring books and videos from other countries and by directly exchanging stocks of books and multi-media publications with libraries in other countries .
As we try to achieve equality for all the Union 's citizens , the question arises of whether it is not the job of the Commission to draw up a directive on the official recognition of sign language .
Such things have to be sorted out .
And it would also clear the way for us to train more skilled interpreters in sign language and to provide adequate EU funding .
Therefore , and particularly after today , I am happy to be able to say that most of the appropriations have now been released again .
As an example , let me quote the Kyoto follow-up process .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , with this report the European Parliament welcomes the Commission 's report on the application of Directives 92/73 and 92/74 .
It is up to us in this House to accompany and support this trend by preparing adequate legislation .
The widespread use of homeopathic medicinal products gives us good reason to concern ourselves with them .
So this exchange of ideas is very helpful .
This does not mean we are against anthroposophy , it simply means that we do not wish to become involved in this doctrinal dispute .
Because just including agricultural products in the associated question of product liability is not enough to deal with the BSE crisis ; this must be supplemented by a number of follow-up amendments to the product liability directive .
There is no ceiling on liability in any of the Member States apart from three .
This makes it all the more regrettable that the majority of Members of the European Parliament will not endorse the rapporteur 's views and that they , and especially the large political groups , are allowing themselves to be misled by the industry .
Mr President , I entirely agree with the rapporteur that the consumer is entitled to total protection which covers the entire food chain and is not effective only after a certain processing stage .
I live in a hunting family near the Dutch border .
That is why it is most important to establish specifically that the term 'producer ' means not only the manufacturer of the finished product , but also the producer of a raw material or component part of a product .
We shall have an opportunity to discuss the matter more pragmatically when the Commission has , as announced , revised its proposal for a directive , so that all these arguments can be reviewed .
Let me say something about their content .
I have not turned the burden of proof on its head .
Due recognition is also given to the