tomorrow we shall be transposing a political principle of fundamental importance and incorporating it into our Rules of Procedure .
The reform of the rules introduced as a result of the decision made by this House in plenary at the end of the last parliamentary term changed this situation with regard to the interparliamentary delegations and the delegations in joint parliamentary committees .
I would point out that , for one year , this text has been 'sleeping the sleep of the just ' .
And , whilst we are talking about consensus , it is clear that your rapporteur understands the opinion of the political groups and , therefore , considers that tomorrow we should proceed to remove this contradiction in Rule 170 and leave the procedure for the setting up of interparliamentary delegations and the delegations of joint parliamentary committees as it stands at present .
And secondly , transportation conditions should also be the same for all animals that are transported , in cases where animals are being taken to the abattoir as in cases where animals are transported to be reared close to , or far away from , their place of birth , or in order to take part in a competition .
We believe that , in this case , a legal basis is necessary and , in any event , from the budgetary point of view , if it is necessary to amend that basis as a result of the negotiation with the Council on the 21 November , it could be done without any problem .
The Commission , in asking for the urgent procedure , is doing so in a way which is unacceptable to Parliament , since it deprives us of this essential and irrevocable right .
I will focus on one : the possibility that , in relation to harmonisation , more reference should be made to the regulation and less to the directive .
The analyses of this subject , both inside and outside the institutions , help the Commission to improve on its own ideas .
The reality is that we do not want private monopolies either .
Thirdly , with regard to the exceptions to the principle of competition , we can only accept those amendments which do not contradict our initial proposal , and not those which intend to further limit the scope of the regulation .
It is also acceptable that existing contracts , awarded in accordance with competition , may continue their natural course , provided that their duration is fixed ( that is , that they are not indefinite contracts ) and reasonable .
The second legal problem relates to reciprocity .
In legal terms , there is no fundamental problem in relation to the principle that public authorities should decide to provide the transport service themselves .
It is clear that this approach should be accompanied by provisions which guarantee that all operators preserve standards of quality and integration , and which ensure that the authorities remain capable of controlling competitions to the benefit of the users of the services .
I would like to make several things clear : firstly , this is a good proposed directive by the Commission .
We must clearly take account of the particular nature of ports and the fact that there are services whose provision begins or ends outside the physical area of the port .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , we all agree that this proposal is very significant for port services insofar as it affects one of the most important transport infrastructures of the European maritime regions and because of the process of liberalisation of access to the market in these services .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I would firstly like to thank Mr Jarzembowski for all the work he has done as rapporteur throughout this debate .
The Commission ' s proposal is part of a package which deals with various issues of port policy : the transparency of flows of public funds destined for ports ; criteria for what is State aid and what is not .
Although the Treaty does not in principle allow restrictions to market access , the ports have their own specific characteristics such as possible space limitations and the fundamental importance of safety and environmental issues .
I am convinced that what was possible for ground services at airports must also be possible for ports .
It is a reasonable measure and it is in accordance with the Commission ' s general interests in the field of maritime safety .
The enormous majority of parties accept that this inclusion is necessary , and we could not accept any amendment , such as No 52 , which leads to the exclusion of this sector .
Another problem is the issue of pilotage .
Furthermore , without going into detail , we cannot accept various amendments for technical reasons and the list is available to you .
Another example is the State aid mentioned in Amendment No 49 .
During this long process , the Commission will be open to finding constructive solutions with the European Parliament which will allow us to be able to count upon the broadest possible support for this proposal , which is aimed at ensuring that a mature industry , an industry which has much to gain from the restructuring of the European transport industry , can meet the challenges before us and make a crucial contribution to our creating a sustainable transport system at the service of economic development , the creation of jobs , respect for the environment and the quality of life of our citizens .
Obviously , no donor has been able to offer assistance in the field of compliance with the law in order to combat drug trafficking in Afghanistan , owing to the government of that country