When the IGC realised it should include the Convention’s original wording regarding the relation between the position of the non-aligned countries and security guarantees , Finland , Sweden and Austria were also able to become fully involved in security cooperation .
The argument over how the voting rights of the countries in the Council should be allocated left everything that had already been agreed open .
It is natural that Germany was unable to accept the Nice decision .
It is just as natural , however , that it cannot dictate the solution ; instead , we are now to have talks aimed at a balance , talks which take a balanced view of the status of small countries , and not just the large ones like Spain and Poland .
It is important , however , that debates on matters that have already been agreed on are not reopened on account of a row that has not been settled .
I would particularly like to express my appreciation to the Chairman of the Committee , Terence Wynn , for his role as leader and arbitrator and the constructive cooperation he offered the political group coordinators .
This will strengthen the reliability of the budget as a basis for the EU’s operations for the year .
Accordingly , the desire expressed just before the Intergovernmental Conference held by the Member States to restrict Parliament’s current budgetary authority is incomprehensible .
Regarding the details , it might be mentioned that the Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party supported the general rapporteur’s areas of priority , which were comprehensively adopted – my warmest congratulations .
Despite the Council’s objections this position was adopted .
During the conciliation procedure Parliament succeeded in squeezing EUR 95 million out of the flexibility instrument .
Our group has always taken a sceptical view of cash earmarked for various special organisations – the A-30 budget lines .
The EU’s approach to granting finance is gradually changing to one based on application and is becoming transparent , by virtue of the Financial Regulation .
In this connection it is worth mentioning that Parliament succeeded in protecting the funding of Info-Points and rural Carrefours for next year , when their status is to be clarified .
Next year’s draft budget at the end of the day reflects the sense of responsibility that Parliament feels in its role as budgetary authority .     – Mr President , Commissioner , the EU’s draft budget for next year has remained in the shadow of certain major events .
The EU pledged EUR 200 million at the Madrid Donors ’ Conference to help the United States of America in the post-war reconstruction work in Iraq .
That would have been the case if the flexibility instrument , as it is called , had been activated and EU expenditure had been increased by a corresponding amount .
The way things work now is that the flexibility instrument is just partially activated and some of the assistance money for Iraq is being taken from other budget lines .
In that respect the reconstruction of Iraq is being paid for by those beneficiaries that are being deprived of corresponding amounts of cash .
The EU constitution was not adopted last weekend in Brussels .
It would seem that this is a threat to those EU candidate countries which insist on their constitutional voting rights and which are net beneficiaries of EU budgetary funds .
With reference to the budget we should put pressure on the United Kingdom , whose net contribution we the citizens of the other countries pay two thirds of .
As for Parliament’s own budget , our group takes a critical view of the proposals for Parliament’s funds to be used to aid political parties at European level , which is to say the parties of parties .
Financial support for them will mean weakened national parliamentary democracy and a transfer of power to supranational level .
Italy was the only country that did not agree that this agency should be located in Helsinki at the summit held two years or so ago , but now you have got it and you have my warmest congratulations .
They are necessary .
Obviously , to avoid problems , they have to be harmonised .
I agree with Mrs Sommer that the interoperability of road tolls is the objective , rather than the means of achieving it .
I would disagree somewhat with the Commission : in my opinion , we need to be more flexible as far as local authorities are concerned , because then good , viable schemes already in operation would not have to be scrapped just because satellite systems are being adopted too rapidly .
That is why it is sufficient that general requirements should be determined to achieve the basic object of the directive , which is the interoperability of the systems .
An ever more affluent Europe needs mobility .
Firstly , the committee considers the issue from many angles but does not question the fact that the system only applies to commercial transport .
I now want to go into rather more detail regarding these three factors .
In the adoption of road toll systems one has to be wary of a situation where an increase in private transport completely cancels out the benefit of a reduction in commercial transport .
This solution is not unfair to private motorists because satellite positioning equipment is rapidly becoming more and more common in cars .
In this way traffic would not have to pay the present external cost , but one based on a new balanced charge that reflects the volume of traffic .
In this way bringing technology onto the market will also mean large-scale benefits that transport companies above all will enjoy in terms of decreasing costs .
Although the car industry , with EU support , has done and is doing important