for a voting recommendation now , I recommend that we vote on it straight away and in favour .     .
Mr President , in brief , in line 04 03 03 02 , we have Amendments Nos 495 , 68 and 343 .
But I must point out that , as things stand at the moment , we have exceeded the margin for this category .     .
I would like to add two comments .
For example , we are very interested in the idea of designating a rapporteur to monitor , on behalf of the European Parliament , what is being done in our countries and internationally with regard to eliminating cluster bombs .     Mr President , it is good that the European Parliament should debate the issue of the prisoners in Guantánamo and adopt a resolution on such a bloody violation of international rights and international law .
The aim of my speech is , therefore , to condemn the crime being committed in Guantánamo , and also to condemn the hypocrisy and double standards of many bodies of the European Union , including the European Parliament , when demands are being made and dialogue blocked with the country in which Guantánamo is an enclave and , at the same time , it is stated that together with the United States we form the same community of values .
What are we Europeans waiting for ?
I will follow your advice , Mr President , and not let up in my defence of human rights , and I appeal to you not to allow Members of this Parliament to travel again with a view to providing the regime with publicity at the expense of our budget , but rather to support future visits by Members aimed at highlighting and providing us with information on the situation of political prisoners and prisoners of conscience in Cuba .
Mr President , I would like once again to thank both Mr Nicolaï and Mr Patten , not only for being here today , but also for having spoken so clearly and frankly , and I hope that will set the tone for our subsequent dialogue .
In 2002 , which the report we are discussing refers to , the European Union sold arms and military equipment worth EUR 21 000 million to countries such as Saudi Arabia , Morocco , India , Pakistan , Angola , Turkey , Iran , Algeria , Colombia , Israel and also Iraq , as well as many other countries , which , according to a strict interpretation of the European Union’s Code of Conduct , should not be buying European arms .
There are at least three reasons for this : the clearly unsatisfactory human rights situation in that country , which has been condemned many times by several NGOs ; the fact that , since China is the world’s top importer of conventional arms , broadening the military market even further would undoubtedly speed up the arms race in the region and , finally , the numerous risks of aggravating certain unresolved conflicts such as that between China and Taiwan or the pressure being put on Tibet – which has yet to be clarified .
Let us promote political action rather than military action .     Mr President , I want to talk about climate change , but above all about the report of the European Environment Agency , which two months ago published a prognosis for the future and points out that the areas at greatest risk , the areas which are going to suffer most as a result of climate change , are the Mediterranean areas .
The United Nations Organisation , which has implemented a process of combating the desertification of Europe , has said almost nothing .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , Commissioner , the proposal the Commission has presented to us is quite simply intended to establish time limits for compliance by the new Member States with the objectives of the directive we approved last year .
For this reason , I am opposed to the new Amendment No 4 , which is intended to introduce a new recital on the system of reuse , which gives the impression that the intention is to take advantage of one thing in order to impose another .
The most important thing I wanted to say is that I am against Amendment No 4 .     .
To seek a policy of appeasement and friendship with tyranny ?
Furthermore , with all the countries of the world , the European Union’s dialogue and cooperation is aimed at overcoming shortcomings in the field of human rights .
I am referring , for example , to the art biennale , the book fair , the ballet festival or the trade fair in Havana .
Furthermore , in doing so we will be applying the same approach to that country as we do to China , Vietnam , Iran , Israel , Syria , Libya , Equatorial Guinea , Sudan and also the United States and dozens of other countries in which we note very serious shortcomings , which in many cases are much more serious than those in Cuba , in terms of freedoms , human rights and the Rule of Law , but with which we talk and cooperate precisely with a view to improving the things we do not like .
We therefore support this Resolution in favour of Cuban society and in favour of democracy .     Mr President , there is manoeuvring going on by governments and Members of Parliament which is difficult to understand , for two reasons : firstly , because it is not always open and because it often smells of complicity