Whether that revised regime is compatible with the rules is something that same panel will decide again .
I would ask the Commission to consider how we will react if that happens .
We all know that the start of a multiannual programme is an important phase , and so for sheer reasons of time my first plea to the House is that we approve this agreement today .
For that reason it is my sincere wish , Commissioner , and not just a pious hope , that in future negotiations the Commission will provide Parliament with comprehensive information from the very start and keep it abreast of the latest developments in the negotiating process .
Various members of our committee have had the opportunity to see at first hand the high quality of joint EU-Israeli research .
They will decide who should be prime minister and they will no doubt decide on the composition of the Knesset .
As a native of Hamburg , I am pleased to see that it incorporates all the results of a European international conference on the issue of port waste-discharge facilities , which was held in Hamburg .
We had to tighten up there , because the Member States were not sticking to the rules .
This is an imperative of the first order , given the development of flags of convenience and dual registration .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , in view of the shortness of time , I can only state that we essentially agree with the Socialists and in particular with the rapporteur .
The fact that we want to limit the marketing of products to a fixed period where there is inadequate monitoring experience relating to the marketing of comparable organisms effectively means that human beings and their environment are being used as guinea pigs , because if there is not enough experience available , these products should not be put on the market at all .
Madam President , may I make an initial remark outside my allotted speaking time .
I believe that this is enormously important if we bear in mind on the one hand that the war which we now experiencing between Ethiopia and Eritrea was entirely foreseeable , and on the other hand that the settlement of this conflict will surely be frustrated by a real lack of democracy in both countries .
We call on the United States not to carry out their death sentences , and we hope that these amendments will be incorporated into today 's resolution .
There are power struggles for the control of sources of raw materials and water , as in the Sudan , where an armed majority is let loose on a large minority ; hatred , envy and social and political tension can focus on ethnic groups , as in India and Pakistan and now in Indonesia too .
By including democracy and human rights clauses in its treaties with non-Member States , the European Union tries to ensure observance of human rights in the countries with which it cooperates .
Refugees are being produced here , and famine is being produced here .
Mr President , everyday life in Colombia is grim .
I just wanted to ask whether others have read the resolution and whether their versions contain the text .
They do not have a single text that is properly printed .
The issue of grants poses fewest problems .
What we must do is to make sure that the control which is now required can also be extended to cover macrofinancial aid to a certain degree .
We cannot achieve complete control in these areas ; we can only do a little here to help the Albanians to help themselves , but we should do whatever we can .
I do not question that .
That would be an intolerable state of affairs , which is why I say that the European Parliament should not take this lying down .
In Article 2 of the amended directive , however , it is explicitly stated .
Irrespective of the proposals before us , I believe that the Commission still has much to do .
I hope I am not pressurising you unduly on this Friday morning .
Thirdly , liability for the costs arising from administrative assistance should be determined by common consent between the Member States .
Madam President , let me begin by dealing with the question whether the title fully reflects the content .
From that point of view , the logic of the amendments is undoubtedly clear , but they must be seen in the context of Amendment No 9 , to which we cannot subscribe , since the Commission - again in deference to the fundamental principles of the single market - is proposing that the Member States waive any right to reimbursement of recovery costs from the year 2005 , whereas Amendment No 9 proposes only an optional waiver without a binding time-limit .
I have to say that I am not a member of the Committee on Budgetary Control , but I am certainly rather confused after everything I have heard .
Standardisation is an economic instrument which will guarantee us freedom of movement for goods and services in future too .
We meet with them at regular intervals .
Firstly : we already fund small and medium-sized enterprises and their participation .
But this report goes to the Council as well as to Parliament , and we shall be discussing it again with the Council .
I think it is most important to look at transport not just for the states immediately bordering on the Mediterranean but for the region as a whole , including the various Balkan states .
Others would like to , but for a wide variety of reasons cannot , so we shall probably have to reconcile ourselves to a variety of results .
Some