The threat of war in Iraq would destroy much that has been achieved , and so all our efforts are needed to help make peace in the region .
In the President-in-Office of the Council , whose remit not only includes European policy but also immigration , we have a good partner , one who will see to it that definite decisions will actually be taken in the course of ASEM IV on how we can cooperate better in combating the illegal movement of people between Asia and Europe .
That is something that Parliament has long desired .
Thirdly , the States of the European Union have long disregarded or underestimated developments in Asia and are still persisting in deliberations that are one-sided and sometimes limited .
The intelligentsia and the leaders of its society were driven out of the country .
I am not concerned here with apportioning blame to one side or another , but with finding solutions .
All too often , there is still great misunderstanding despite the progress made in relations between Europe and Asia , which are distant rather than close , in contrast to relations with the ACP States or Latin America .
Cooperation in this area is so important that one of our partners must not be forgotten .
Mr President , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , ladies and gentlemen , I would be interested to know whether these treaties were concluded at International Atomic Energy Agency level .
It is extremely regrettable and gives cause for concern that the export of electricity by the local electricity company KEK resulted in substantial irregularities , with export earnings amounting to USD 4.2 million landing up in an illicit account in Gibraltar .
Today in plenary , we have been debating the European Union 's responsibility for Afghanistan , and have assured Commissioner Patten of our support .
There , too , the process of political maturation has not yet progressed as far as it needs to .
We have to call for the necessary work to be done in schools and in information offices - the latter including those run by the Commission and by Parliament .
If we do not start to change the system in some way , we will carry on having this debate here at least three times a year .
That can just be one page , nice and transparent , available to anyone , and on the Internet if you like .
State controls can then focus on the high-risk companies and farms that will always exist .
We will only make progress here if the control system involves tougher sanctions .
We need to consider what substances we are banning and what happens to them next .
We Europeans are all in the same boat , and that is the key message of this disaster .
It has had two wars within its borders , many disasters , and now it is afflicted by terrorism .
We are taking about important partners , and I believe that we should continue along that path and support Professor Ibrahim .
I would like to quote some comments from the South African newspaper the Daily Newspaper , because it is one of the voices in a country which is , after all , our ally , which is important .
If Zimbabwe 's neighbours exert pressure in their own interest , because they themselves are suffering from the impact of Mr Mugabe 's policies - for example the flow of refugees into neighbouring countries - then we should support them in accommodating refugees , but certainly not now .
The lady journalist asked me the same question , to which I responded by asking whether it was not the case in all European countries , as it is at any rate in my own homeland , that disciplinary proceedings are set in motion only after the law-enforcement services and the relevant tribunals have decided on the prosecution of offences .
Widely divergent systems and legal traditions mean that there are difficult issues to be resolved in this context .
It often appears as if we are stuck on a road going nowhere .
To sum up , the PPE Group can approve Mr Evans 's report only if a plenary vote adopts extensive changes which we , the European People 's Party , have submitted in the form of amendments .
What do we do when someone , with the provocation of our public in mind , wants to call his child Osama Bin Laden ?
Looking at another area , the burden of proof in all Member States rests with the applicant for compensation , but there are great variations in the degree of proof , and another example is that , in certain Member States , it is required that an offence shall have been reported to the police before any compensation can be paid out , whilst in others that is not the case .
This step can , then , only be welcomed and supported .
It is to be hoped that this will now change , particularly if the Commission allows its Green Paper to be followed up by definite legal acts .
Food waste , however , also represents valuable nutrients , which , as proved by examples in Germany and Austria , can become good feedingstuffs for animals when turned into swill and collected in accordance with the best organisational , technical and hygienic standards .
The prevention of disease is adequately taken care of by the heating of food waste in the manner prescribed , which furthermore facilitates proper recycling of such remnants and thereby acts as a deterrent against even more 'rubbish tourism ' .
Rules are therefore laid down on destruction .
Community law already applies to imports into the European Union and to trade between its Member States .
The implementation of this Protocol has