This was a step forward , not only for the institutions and governments , but also for all European citizens .
What will Europe be like in the coming years , in the six or fifteen years to come ?
I regret that , during the European Council , no leaders were able to show a true spirit of compromise and solidarity on that very important occasion .
This is particularly true of those policies aimed at renewed economic dynamism .
We want to be sure that when the European Council is ready to reach an agreement it can be swiftly followed by the signing of an interinstitutional agreement between all parties : Parliament , the Commission and the Council .
Even during this very difficult situation , we are continuing to take decisions .
As I said before , the problem is serious but we can turn it into an opportunity .
Presidencies come and go , but the Commission remains .
The Commission defends the general interests of Europe and I would say to you that the Commission , with the support of this Parliament , I hope , will continue to give its full sincere support to the various Presidencies .
It has decided to continue with the process of ratifying the ex-Constitutional Treaty by , and I quote , ‘altering the timetable according to circumstances’ , which is a singularly cavalier attitude to democracy .
The Luxembourg Presidency has been able to move the EU forward regarding subjects as varied as increased commitment to the Millennium Goals , more targeted support for rural development and notable advances with regard to police cooperation and to security at external borders , etc .
Europe has to adapt .
There can be no agreement on future expenditure without , at the same time , reform of the revenue system , and this subject is too important to be left just to the Ministers for Finance .
Having said that , it is with real bitterness that I now address you following this summit and its result regarding , in particular , the financial perspectives .
I think that each population is free to decide whether or not it wants to continue with this process .
What I think is a shame is that , in the end , the grand ambitions of the Lisbon Strategy will not be served by the financial perspectives they need .     Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , to return to what President Barroso said , I would first of all like to say thank you to Mr  Juncker and his team .
I am confident and I hope that , following that vote , which I hope and pray will be positive , Parliament will take the baton so that the Constitution is not put on ice indefinitely .
Reform , yes , but reform in solidarity .
We have no financial perspectives .
We want to open up a debate .
That is why today and tomorrow , when the vote takes place , could be decisive , given that the Council and the European Parliament seem to be able to proceed at long last to a decision .
We believe , in fact , that the substance of this recital falls largely within the domain of national laws and regulations .
Lastly , as regards the question raised by Mr Gargani about the privileges and immunities of Members of the European Parliament , we attach considerable importance to that point , and we fully understand your Parliament’s concern to resolve the issue .
The regulation , however , goes further than a mere makeover , because it establishes a veritable Community Code governing the movement of persons across borders , not only relating to the external borders of the Union but also , as I said , with a component on the internal borders , since these two aspects are undeniably complementary .
I believe that is the crux of the matter because , in a field that concerns people first and foremost , codecision has finally been given its place , thanks to today’s application of the Treaty of Amsterdam .
The provision that is set out today in Article 11( 13 ) is a good provision , and I am delighted about that – just as I am delighted , Mr President , by the confirmation of the exceptional nature of the reintroduction of checks at external borders and by the more prominent role assigned to the Commission and Parliament .
Cultural and linguistic diversity should be one of the driving forces of the progress initiated by the World Summit .
Our partners , like ourselves , should be assured of a voice in the system of governance and of the preservation of their sovereign decision-making powers .
A new model of cooperation is needed in order to translate into practice the provisions of the declaration of principles adopted at the Geneva summit relating to the crucial role of all parties involved in this governance .
Mr Blair , you applauded when Mr Barroso referred to the 1 % , the skinflint letter that you , Mr Blair , comrade Blair , signed .
But if there is one thing I know , it is that , if you want to modernise Europe , the modernisation must be environmentally and socially sustainable .
You have spoken of change , modernisation and solidarity .
You seem to be convinced that the in that regard is your own model , as it limits apparent unemployment to some 5 % of the active population .
It represents more than all the pre-accession aid granted to Romania and Bulgaria over three years .
Finally , how can we explain the fact that , in their own countries , the Heads of State or Government are announcing the idea of a moratorium on the enlargement of Europe and that , on the other hand , in the