Models of supervision had a national perspective and did not adapt to the globalisation that occurred within the financial system , where different financial groups conduct their operations across borders , with the systemic risks that this entails .
This will ensure the effectiveness of the reform that the EU institutions are currently engaged in for overseeing financial markets , so as to avoid any new risks of a crisis like the one that is currently affecting the global economy , and which has had a particular impact on European society .
Therefore , the creation of the European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority is essential to achieve an effective supervision model .
However , it must be borne in mind that this increase in capital should not be so disproportionate as to lead to a lack of liquidity in financial institutions .
In view of this , it is imperative to apply sound and ethically reasonable methods at the level of remuneration and incentives in the banking sector , so as to prevent the implementation of policies that encourage excessive risk-taking , coupled with the imposition of stricter requirements on capital for the trading book and resecuritisations .
If an employee leaves the credit institution before the reform , the discretionary pension benefits will be retained by the credit institution for a period of five years as contingent capital .
Moreover , many of these financial institutions did not have enough capital for them to bear their trading portfolios and resecuritisations , using leveraged systems in an uncoordinated manner , and thus significantly increasing the risk of operations .
The need to ensure conditions for stronger and more effective European supervision of financial markets has gained strong backing in Parliament , which has become greater and more evident as the current economic and financial crisis has progressed .
These should be in accordance with the recommendations set out in the Annex , taking into account the initiatives taken by international bodies such as the G20 and the International Monetary Fund , so as to ensure equal operating conditions worldwide , and based on a thorough analysis of all available options , including an impact assessment .
The creation of a risk assessment panel and criteria for such evaluation must be well defined before the event and with the necessary caution .
That is , it respects the principles of international capitalism .
Ever increasing economic globalisation and the cross-border nature of many of the large financial groups have led to systemic risk and the risk of contagion that were not properly safeguarded before the severe financial crisis swept the globe .
It should be solid , and prevent future crises and promote a sustainable economy within the EU.
The severe financial crisis has highlighted a weakness in protecting the stability of the euro .
Its integration into the EU is subject to its compliance with and verification of the membership criteria .
I believe that the European Union can admit this country with an exemplary record of respect for the rule of law and deeply imbued with European culture and traditions , to which it has also contributed , to the benefit of all Member States .
Madam President , Commissioner , we must repeat these statistics to everyone , after all , because they cannot be repeated enough .
There are other imbalances , too : for example , the number of women with the disease continues to be much higher than the number of male sufferers .
Madam President , Baroness Ashton , cluster munitions destroy lives and the environment in a disproportionate and immoral way , without distinguishing between military and civilian targets in theatres of armed conflict .
Another nine EU Member States have already expressed their approval of the convention , but they have yet to ratify it .
The European Union must be at the forefront of this process , and the seven Member States which have not even signed the Convention must be called to account .
They have subjected agriculture to the WTO 's rules , whereby it has been used as a bargaining chip for other interests .
I therefore welcome the European decision to reopen negotiations on the association agreement with Mercosur , although I regret and condemn Argentina 's recent protectionist actions , which are totally in contrast with the spirit of openness shown by the European side .
The size of Brazil 's population and its economic development and political stability make it a key player on the international stage .
For these reasons my group will obviously vote in favour of the report .
The rejection of the proposal that we presented for the Council to cease development and abolish the military and civil-military structures under its jurisdiction , as well as cease funding for military and civil-military activity , is particularly worrying .
Therefore , and given the EU 's commitments to the region , in particular through its Central Asia Strategy , we must make a strong aid commitment to Kyrgyzstan .
The number of new infections continues to outstrip the expansion of treatment , and two thirds of the people in need of treatment in 2009 were still not receiving it , which means that 10 million people in need did not have access to the necessary effective treatment .
As an advocate of the right to life , I could not in good conscience vote in favour .
I advocate Europe 's commitment to the fight against the proliferation of weapons that kill indiscriminately , and I hope that the Member States and institutions of the EU will take coherent and determined action in this respect toward third countries .
The report also deals with the links between agricultural policy and fighting climate change .
In truth , we cannot understand what benefit the possible transfer of CAP funds to other policies could bring .
In truth , we cannot understand what benefit