In the same way , it is an advantage that many Member States wish to apply strict budgetary discipline in the future .
I think that the Commission proposal shows a realistic attitude to the problems of world market prices .
It would be nice if we could now get right away from lines of production that do not belong in the EU.
I support the proposal of the Environment Committee to cut the premiums in that sector by 10 % ; otherwise we have no consistency between agriculture , health and the environment .
Instead the support would be given a social focus by allocating money for landscape management and for environmentally friendly production .
All things considered , we must ensure sustainable agriculture with quality products in the EU.
I think they have conveyed the seriousness of the situation and recognized that the reform of the agricultural policy must continue .
But I have a few objections to the Commission 's arguments for the reduction of support per hectare for cereal crops .
I cannot accept the argument that compensation has been excessive in this area .
I merely refer to what Mr Funk said about the figures from part of Germany , which presumably apply to all countries with a strong currency .
That is one of my points .
If we are to contribute to satisfying cereal demand on the world market , it does not help to pull the rug from under the cereal growers ' feet , so that it is no longer profitable to grow cereals .
Otherwise I think the Commission 's policy is correct in moving from price support to hectare support .
That is the future for agriculture in Europe .
Mr President , the Maastricht II Treaty , in the form to be adopted here on the 17th , at least if things go according to plan , is not a constitution for a new state , but it is close to that .
An autonomous structure founded on democratic principles , which can punish countries that are not democratic .
There will be human rights and freedoms , there will be non-discrimination on the grounds of sex , age , sexuality ; these are things normally found in a constitution .
There will be blanket authority for it to create new powers for itself .
There is a subsidiarity protocol , in which the principle of precedence is established .
Means of coercion are acquired , coinage , military and police .
There is a Europe of the institutions , i .e . the Commission , the Council of Ministers and Parliament , on the one hand ; on the other hand , there is the Europe of the people .
Thus the problem of understanding the interests of the general public is still there .
The language of the EU hardly catches the imagination , and it is full of acronyms of all kinds .
One sometimes gets the impression that the institutions are in some spaceship far above the earth , communicating with one another in a special coded language .
We can pick it up here on earth , but cannot understand what it is about .
The result is that people find it uninteresting and sometimes downright annoying .
Precisely in such a context it is important to highlight the role of the national parliaments : quite simply , they need to discover Europe .
As has been so forcefully pointed out here today , it is necessary .
Precisely as an extension to this recognition , it is important to involve the national parliaments in the European context , so that they do not just hover out there like satellite stations .
I find it depressing to hear time after time ' we hope .. . ' , ' we believe perhaps .. . ' , ' we expect.. . ' .
Our answer from the President-in-Office today is that we will perhaps get the Convention on the protection of the Community 's financial interests ratified in mid-1998 , i .e . three years after it was agreed .
I am sorry , Madam President-in-Office , but to me , it sounds like yet another in a series of poor excuses from all Council Members , including those representing both your country and mine , for having done nothing to ratify the conventions .
It shows a lack of respect for what they themselves joined together in deciding .
I think what we are witnessing is a show of contempt for the problems we are grappling with .
We need to get a change in procedures .
If we had that , we would ensure that serious efforts were made to control fraud .
In conclusion , Mr President , I appeal to our colleagues in the national parliaments to take a closer interest in this subject and to put pressure on their own governments .
I will begin by thanking the President-in-Office for her answer .
I am glad that there is agreement in the Council too that it is immensely important that these matters be discussed at the Ottawa meeting .
In relation to what has been said , I would like to ask : what progress has been made in the Council in getting these things in place ?
Is it your view , Madam President-in-Office , that a situation will be achieved in which there actually is a common position in favour of a ban at the very important meeting in Ottawa ?
Let us put the clocks back to December 1995 .
I strongly supported that line , and still do .
In his original draft for the report , the rapporteur did advocate a strategy on those lines , which is neither reasonable nor well thought out .
Cooperation in the Baltic Sea region could be strengthened by a specific Baltic Sea Programme .
The many