outcome is lower pay .
In Portugal , for example , the government recently presented Parliament with a proposal for a law making parental leave mandatory for a period of at least five days .
At the Lisbon Summit , Europe acknowledged that only by increasing the rate of employment for women will it be able to achieve , within ten years , the economic and social development that it wants to see .
I only wish to congratulate the rapporteur , Mrs Smet and say that I agree with her proposals .
In the original version of the decision , this mutual recognition mechanism relates to cross-border crimes such as drug trafficking , fraud affecting the European Communities ' financial interests , laundering of the proceeds of crime , counterfeiting of the euro , corruption and trafficking in human beings .
Mr President , this decision , in as far as it goes , will make a small contribution to the creation of a European area of justice , but it is these small things , these small stones , that will build the foundations of a European area of justice capable of protecting our citizens .
As from tomorrow , and I mean tomorrow , the date of the Extraordinary European Council , we will be speeding up the creation of a Europe of freedoms , that is to say the largest area of democracy , freedom and justice in the world .
With the Treaty of Amsterdam , the Schengen acquis has been integrated into the treaties and there has been a communitarisation of certain third pillar issues , which have been transferred to the Community pillar .
Secondly , there is a lack of transparency .
On the other hand , due to the restrictive interpretation of the treaty provisions by the Council , Parliament has been unable , under the third pillar , to participate more fully in the legislative process .
However , it has to be said that the absence of a legal framework making clear under what conditions and in what terms this article can be invoked makes this a real blank cheque .
My sixth point is the extension of the Schengen area to the candidate countries .
In practice , it is hoped that in the long term it will become a European information system .
( PT ) I wish to congratulate Mr Marques on his excellent report .
However , as the rapporteur rightly emphasises , the Maastricht Treaty did not provide for any support or cyclical adjustment measures within the framework of economic and monetary union , which means that the Structural Funds and in particular the Cohesion Fund are all the more important . 3 .
.
This should accordingly reinforce the current cohesion policy , which is more necessary than ever to meet the challenges of enlargement .
This is unacceptable .
Secondly , I also agree with setting common noise limits in the areas surrounding all of the European Union ' s civilian airports .
In order to avoid the 'Kafakaesque ' situations often described in the European press , it is crucial that we adopt - and we are not asking for much - minimum standards that will ensure faster and simpler procedures for granting asylum so as to prevent the demoralisation and uncertainty that beset asylum seekers .
Mr President , we have a historical responsibility to take this decision and there is no time for hesitation .
We must take account of the fact that three different types of people are involved in this problem : asylum seekers , temporarily displaced persons and economic migrants .
The answer lies , instead , in managing and freezing it at current levels .
It makes more sense , for example , for us to give priority to legalising immigrants who can be integrated into the labour market and who are already on Community territory than encouraging a new wave of immigration .
With regard to the second aspect , I should like to remind you that the Commission has given itself the task of reviewing its proposals in light of the international situation that has arisen following the terrorist attacks in the United States of America .
Any attempt to portray the Commission as having no initiatives on fighting illegal immigration is unfair .
These measures provide added value at European level and I thank the European Parliament for its contribution .
I would say , however , that there is now a greater need than ever to prevent tendencies that are not firmly anchored in politics .
With regard to the Council ' s second annual report , on implementing this Code of Conduct , the rapporteur himself welcomes the greater transparency and the convergence between Member States arms exports policies and the adoption of common principles by third countries .
In the framework of relations between the European Union and Morocco , we have identified three fundamental areas of debate : economic and social cooperation , the management of migratory flows and preventing and combating illegal immigration , including transit immigration from the countries of sub-Saharan Africa .
The Commission is convinced that , in order to revitalise the Barcelona process , it will be essential to adopt a regional programme in the field of justice and home affairs that will include issues of immigration , but which must also address other issues , such as , for example , improving the Rule of Law , good governance and cooperation in judicial matters .
The ICRC monitors the condition of individual prisoners and maintains contact with their families .
The governments of the three countries whose nationals are involved in this situation , Germany , Australia and the United States of America , have decided to act jointly at this stage and have stated that they would prefer to find solutions to this problem on a strictly bilateral level