Mr President , I would like to respond to Mr Ribeiro 's comments on redundancy pay .
By way of introduction I would like to say that the National Movement did not vote in favour of the report during the Social Committee 's deliberations at the meeting of 10 September , as would appear to be the case , incorrectly , from the report .
And I will do the same again when we come to vote on the report here in Parliament .
This is designed so that there are strict rules as to when Danish A-Cash members fulfil the conditions for entitlement to redundancy pay .
My point is that this report overlooks the differences that exist between EU countries , in addition to overlooking the EU 's inexperience in the area of social policy .
The Commission 's proposal also applies to redundancy pay provisions based on agreements which , to use the Social Committee 's own words , are not traditionally covered by Community regulations .
Against such a background we cannot vote in favour of this report .
Mr President , in connection with what Mr Howitt said yesterday regarding the case in Greece , I can confirm that it is not only English drivers who are hostages in this Greek game .
There are also Danish drivers who have been 'imprisoned ' and who are receiving unbelievably bad treatment .
I would therefore ask you , as a Greek and as a Parliamentary President , to write a letter to the Greek government and demand that citizens of the Union be treated properly .
Thank you , Commissioner , for your reply .
You have been described as the best Commissioner , the most active Commissioner , and for that reason your reply seems too weak and too defensive .
We must ensure that those countries are denied the recovery subsidies and support from the EU.
This is something that citizens really feel themselves to be affected by , and which causes them harm .
I know that you have the ability , Mr Fischler .
Set an example and ensure that we no longer have to experience such an unacceptable situation .
And if countries are unwilling to comply with this , they must answer to the Court .
This is as it should be .
Both directive amendments are causing many people to ask whether this was the form of the principle of proximity which the Council had in mind .
But we must also ask ourselves , of course , whether the right cuts have been made and whether we are getting enough for our money , and as parliamentarians it is our duty at all times to ask ourselves these questions .
It would therefore be quite unacceptable if the proposed limit values for lead , for example , were not observed , regardless of whether it will result in considerable costs in other countries - and it is recognized that this will be the case - but if the limit values are not observed , we will not be guaranteeing any protection for those groups of people who want to have lower lead levels .
What I mean is that this directive must be seen in a context in which what is being discussed is a minimum directive , but where water is at the same time being regarded as a commodity .
With regard to the matter of the drinking water directive we require a continued discussion of the costs involved , but under no circumstances can we accept the limit values not being observed , because there is documentary evidence of the risk of harm to women and children if they absorb too much lead .
Mr President , drinking water must be clean ; drinking water must not only be healthy , because then we immediately find ourselves in an assessment of what people are able to tolerate before they fall sick .
In industry even the most backward of regimes are united in their dissatisfaction with the directive as it stands .
The water is further spoilt when it is transported via lead pipes which governments have failed to replace in their attempt to save money .
We achieve protection by imposing rigorous limit values .
The chairman of the Environment Committee gained the Court 's agreement and a new permit had to be withdrawn .
But when the WHO is of the view that tetrachlorethene and trichlorethene are carcinogenic , it is our clear duty to insist that these must not be found in drinking water .
The limit values which the Commission has proposed are too high .
The EU 's environment regulations must be based on a high level of protection and on the principle of caution , even when it comes to minimum standards , and what we are dealing with here is a minimum directive .
I can well understand why , at a certain point , a rapporteur felt tempted to change the legal basis to 100 A. The design of the directive proposal prepared the ground for this , in that it recommended that the Commission should take account of the Member States ' wish for greater protection of the environment .
Fortunately we are agreed that what we are considering is an environment directive and minimum standards .
The formulation of the directive itself must be along the same lines .
It is essential that the Commission be able to go along with this line of thought .
This combined limit value stipulates that there must be no pesticides in drinking water .
The combined limit value is our guarantee of a ceiling for total pollution .
The principle of caution must prevail .
Mr President , the Commission 's proposal for a new drinking water directive states among other things , in Article 1 , that the purpose of the directive is to ensure that water is healthy .
But