It is for this reason that I appeal to my fellow Members to support the amendment we have tabled today on the guidelines for the 2004 Budget procedure and the amendments that will be brought in during the forthcoming debates on the Budget .
That is something we cannot accept .
What I expect is that the Commission will not delay long in producing precise figures and an analysis of why this is so and of the obstructions involved .
Still on the subject of foreign policy , let me make another observation concerning the ad hoc group that we have now set up to examine direct payments to the Palestinian National Authority .
I have mentioned the subject of the Financial Perspective , so let me remind you of the Andreasen case .
Madam President , Commissioners , ladies and gentlemen , the public - especially in the candidate countries - often makes the erroneous assumption that the European Union 's Budget deals , in effect , only with agricultural policy .
That is indeed provided for in the outline of the constitutional draft on which the Convention is working .
Even so , the European Parliament should be accorded the right of codecision in this area too .
Madam President , Commissioner , our debate is being conducted under the heading of 'reform of the budgetary procedure ' , which is a modest title for an ambitious enterprise .
Let us in this Parliament , then , not demand less than the Commission has already done , but , rather , join together in taking a great step towards greater transparency and democracy .
What we need is voluntary undertakings , of the same calibre , let me add , as the Stability and Growth Pact , and these elements must not then be altered in the way they once were when the stimulation of growth and investment are high up the agenda .
We learned a great deal together and from each other .
Indeed , Sweden and Denmark have already applied this in principle .
Let me cite just a few examples : it proposes forming three groups of countries , although it is very difficult to explain why any country is in a specific group .
We have said that even if weighting is needed , there should be no rotation system .
This weighting could be based on the weighting in the Council , but must build primarily on economic and financial market policy parameters .
Like our colleagues in the USA , we want to be able to follow how decisions are taken and also how weightings occur in the discussions .
Our colleague Dr Friedrich has already spoken about this .
That would be an indictment of the Member States ' politicians and their central bankers !
Will there be specific responsibility within the Commission for this area of cooperation ?
One of the central issues in the neighbouring countries is what will happen at the borders .
The Commission underlines its solidarity with all Cypriots and appreciates the courage with which the Turkish Cypriots have expressed their European convictions .
I then went to another meeting .
Both I myself , and the EU delegation in Prague , have also had this matter drawn to our attention in conversations with the chairman of the Media Observatory Czech Republic .
Incidentally , if this had happened after accession it would not have made any difference .
In the meantime I have also received a written reply from the Slovak Prime Minister in which he assures me that there is no state-sponsored practice of this kind in the Slovak Republic , that the accusations are the subject of a meticulous investigation and that should they prove to be true the full force of the law will be brought to bear in taking action against the perpetrators .
Mr President , I am a little taken aback by Mr Evans ' question , because there is hardly an issue that I have reported on more often to Parliament than the issue of the situation of the Roma in the Slovak Republic , the Czech Republic , Hungary , Bulgaria and Romania .
I do not think that you will find anyone for miles around who is better acquainted with the reality of the situation faced by the Roma in these countries than I am .
The funds that were provided for the 2002 programme in Belgium were no lower than in 2001 .
We are sure that we will find a solution to this problem that takes account of the practical situation .
We do however expect - and quite rightly in my opinion - the national governments to at least provide correct information .
The Commission has already responded several times in no uncertain terms to the first proposal of modalities for the agriculture negotiations that was tabled on 12 February by Mr Harbinson , and it will continue to defend the European negotiating position .
Mr President , Mr Bautista Ojeda , firstly , under the Everything but Arms initiative the world 's poorest countries have the right to export their own production , that is their entire production , to the EU if they so wish .
Today you clean forgot about it once again .
The European model has brought lower inflation and stable monetary policy conditions .
Economic institutes , national ministries and also the Commission have not answered this question .
We regret the fact that growth , productivity and employment are falling , and that we are not making up ground but are lagging behind , and some of us think that the response to this diagnosis is more state intervention and more debt .
In other words , we are concerned here with competition between economic solutions and , above all , with the best solutions to emerge from competition between the EU governments .
In October 2000