negotiation with real opponents if one is incapable of accepting that a friendly institution may have a different political opinion ?
We are supposed to have a partnership with Russia .
In 1980 , he declared war on Iran , and in 1990 he invaded Kuwait .
We hear the President 's White House spokesman saying , 'either he disarms or he will be disarmed' , and so we urge Saddam Hussein to delay no longer in playing his part in this .
, chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs , Human Rights , Common Security and Defence Policy .
It seems to me that something of a credibility gap is developing here , one that may cause a great deal of damage in days to come .
Donald Rumsfeld , the American minister for war , spoke of 'old Europe ' .
Double standards are not being applied , and asking where all the raids are to be carried out is actually out of order .
I also repudiate the tendency of several Members of this House to allow themselves to be used by Iraq as propaganda tools , which contrasts with Parliament 's fact-finding mission to the UN in New York .
Another state apparently possesses weapons of mass destruction , and the response of the United States is to say , ' We are not negotiating with them ; we shall declare war . '
At the General Affairs Council this week , we learned how the absence of any agreement has meant that the opposite has been the result , in Zimbabwe for example .
They were accused of involvement in an attack using explosives and of sabotaging national unity .
Some of this may even be listed as a receipt in the state 's budget , but it is virtually unheard of for the people to benefit from it in the shape of infrastructure or health provision .
The Commission attaches the greatest importance to Parliament 's resolution - which now exists in draft form - on this report , and I am glad that the present resolution acknowledges the Commission 's efforts to improve its financial management , and the steps it has already taken .
The Commission has also stepped up the so-called deconcentration of powers in the administration of external aid , transferring them to its delegations in order to guarantee more speedy and , above all , sounder implementation of financial aid .
When the great surpluses in the 2000 Budget year came to light , the Budget Commissioner , Mrs Schreyer , was quoted as saying , on 30 May 2001 : ' Such a large surplus is an exception .
As I have said , things got worse rather than better in 2001 .
Strict controls have already led the Commission to demand that Greece return very substantial aid payments , and I might add that a number of proceedings are pending , which may well result in further major financial corrections by reason of the persistent weaknesses in the control system .
We know , for example , that in Poland , a major case of fraud has come to light in the run-up to the introduction of IACS , but I mention that only in passing .
Finally , Mr President , I would like to expressly say that a great deal of attention needs to be paid to preventing fraud particularly in connection with development aid .
We must also see to it that land is made available to the people in these countries .
Wars , repeated disasters , international crime , drug dealing , economic stagnation , illegal immigration and premature death , ladies and gentlemen , are but a few among them .
Plans for fighting HIV/AIDS must not be confined to the health aspects .
Mr President , given that , despite worldwide protests , including protests from the European Parliament in December , a Tibetan was executed by order of a Chinese court four days ago and the same fate awaits a highly respected lama , I ask the House to agree to a motion going further than proposal No 8 from the Greens and Non-attached Members .
I told him , ' If I sign , I do so not as Chairman of my group , but in my own name , modest person that I am . '
This is where we need Europe to have more clout on the world stage .
I think it self-evident that medicinal products need to be developed further , and that we have to focus primarily on creating incentives for research , rather than simply allowing ourselves to reduce the issue to patent rights and licences .
It is furthermore stated in clear terms that 'the actual measures involve the fair sharing of agricultural burdens and the developing countries , too , should be given greater opportunities . '
Add to that the complications with your trading partners , and the whole thing , taken together , amounts to a thoroughly tricky act .
That is not acceptable .
As I see it , a family exists when someone takes on the responsibility for educating someone else , providing for them , and caring for them .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , the directive presented by Commissioner Vitorino will be the foundational European draft law on immigration into Europe .
There are a lot of good things in the proposal , but we in the Group of the European People 's Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats have two basic problems with it .
We agree on that as well .
It might well be important to reiterate in this context that it is not the European institutions that are isolating Belarus , but the country itself , and the dictator who has plunged it into crisis and who prohibits and represses every form of democratic expression