every means , every instrument and every procedure to ensure that the consumer really does have complete control in the matter of choice , having been provided with all available information .
But now , thanks to the Commission 's decision , we shall not know whether the soya beans are produced normally or genetically modified , because the labels wo n't tell us , because that is n't allowed .
So my question is : Commissioner , do you call this respect for the consumer ?
Mr President , there is a widespread view that with the advent of the new century , concern about energy and water will be added to the existing anxieties of European Union citizens .
Our objective must be to conclude renewable energy agreements with Mediterranean countries likewise interested in the development of renewable energy technologies especially given their specific geographic , political and strategic characteristics .
This brings me rapidly to the conclusions of the Cairo Conference and the impressive totals for available projects .
It escapes no-one that the issues of plurality and intra-European trade in energy are closely linked to both the electricity market directive , which we will soon be dealing with , and the gas directive , but above all to the developments that should occur once these results have been achieved .
Community energy policy has three purposes as we have repeatedly stated : energy price competitiveness , security of supply and environmental compatibility .
Mr President , much has already been said .
First of all , we can give scientific research more substance , make the farmers in this case , but all European citizens too , understand where we want to go and how we will get there , and above all promote knowledge of this scientific research .
In addition , in a communication of the same day on the future of the ECSC Treaty and the borrowing and lending operations , the Commission provided the Council with information on a possible EIB takeover of certain ECSC financial activities .
For this reason the Commission has recently confirmed its willingness to approve , in 2002 , an adequate reserve corresponding to 100 per cent of the loans in being at that date not benefitting from the guarantee of a Member State .
In this respect the Commission entirely understands the proposal put forward by Mr Hughes , draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on Social Affairs and Employment , to make the Commission responsible for the funds in question within the scope of the general budget of the European Union .
Usually there are no suitable places at these frontier areas for looking after animals , which have to stay in cattle trucks in the sun , or in freezing cold in the winter , and in the majority of cases they are not given enough food and water .
It is essential to ask the question of what sense there is , most of the time , in the transport of live animals .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , allow me to give a general reply or , rather , a single reply to the three questions that have been put , and then deal with more specific points which have been raised during the debate .
Measures relating to additional criteria for vehicles used for the transport of animals by road , for journeys of a duration of over eight hours , and minimum criteria for stopping points will be in force by 1 January 1998 .
The Commission wishes to warn honourable Members that this procedure is very complex , as some are aware .
To come now to the question of the allocation of the ECU 2.5 million in the 1996 budget - an issue which has been raised here - I must say that this amount simply does not allow the Commission to take on extra staff to post to inspection but we have been considering how to use the sums available in the optimum way .
Not everything is torture and not everything is the search for truth , and that is the case here .
But all this is being used to demonize Trieste .
As regards Trieste , we all know inspectors made a spot-check of the veterinary facilities and they were passed as suitable .
But honourable Members are well aware of the budget drama and the whole debate you yourselves have had .
We know that Serbia has not adopted the implementing legislation allowing it to cooperate with the tribunal and has declared that it does not intend to do so .
I also believe that the idea of a permanent justice system is beginning to make progress and I hope the UN General Assembly will accept the date in 1998 for the Plenipotentiary Conference to establish a permanent tribunal .
Like you I am also convinced that there is no peace without justice and that these are the instruments which can facilitate the reconciliation .
I take it that you agree with me .
Bring me other arguments if you wish , but do not come to me and claim that we are competing with smallscale Senegalese coastal fisheries .
If the Senegalese government has budgetary priorities which dictate that it allocates fresh money coming to it from Europe to other sectors , I should find it a little peculiar that we were the ones to impose other economic priorities on it .
The matter can be discussed in the form of a dialogue but , frankly , we must also respect the economic choices which are made by the government and which are not for us to decide .
Each species will thus have a commercial value .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , be persuaded , in a matter as complex as this , that the Commission , and particularly the Commissioner , has no ulterior motive involving North-South exploitation