for urgent debate because we still wanted to give the Council and the Commission the opportunity to have a proper look at our amendments and to also evaluate them and perhaps even comply with them .
The Council ' s decision is also not anticipated for this week , so that no delay is to be expected .
I regard this as scandalous , for the dioxin debate was a problem for the Member States and not for the Commission .
However , Commissioner , we have been experiencing just the opposite in recent years .
That really riles me .
Have you understood this ?
It only has this right in the veterinary field , and that is a flaw .
You have referred to this subject , and I say again that we need a positive list and we need supervisory controls in the field of feedingstuffs .
You need to change this .
That is what I want .
It is this Chamber which must decide , and it is not you in the Commission who decides .
All right , but what of the duty to label feedingstuffs ?
We in the European Parliament , and it is to the big groups that I am addressing this remark , must ...
This close relationship between producer and consumer , together with responsibility on the part of the consumer for his or her own behaviour , must be restored .
Our farmers certainly do not want this policy .
Who can guarantee its safety ?
Farmers themselves cannot check up on what feedingstuffs contain .
Mr President , I have asked my group to again give me the opportunity at the end of this debate to elucidate a number of points arising from it .
I would ask you to make it clear to the Member States that supervision cannot be had for free .
If that is your stated goal , Mr Prodi , then you will be a successful President of the Commission .
With our guaranteed production methods , we can really only win .
Mr Prodi , an agency is naturally no substitute for a policy , and there can be no question of our seeing a proliferation in the number of agencies , for then there would come a point when we no longer needed the Commission !
In many countries , life expectancy has even fallen again to the level recorded in the 1960s .
In fact , the European Union has not been inactive to date .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the three draft reports we have before us concerning further financial assistance to Bulgaria , Romania and Macedonia cover much the same ground in terms of content and political perspective so I should like to explain them together .
However , the balance of payments deteriorated in 1998 , with the crisis in Russia being partly responsible for this .
Strengthening civilian society is undoubtedly an important concern but is inconceivable without stable framework conditions for the various national economies .
The European Parliament must therefore insist upon a corresponding review of the Financial Perspective as a prior condition for granting the subsidy .
No, it amounts to nothing more than bribes for international banking systems .
The multiannual energy programme now falls under the codecision procedure .
In Article 5 of the ALTENER programme , Parliament would also like to insert a reference to the new procedures for exercising powers of implementation in order to improve the participation of the European Parliament .
For this to happen , it is necessary , on the one hand , to facilitate fair access to the grid for electricity from renewable energy sources .
I also hope that , in the negotiations with the Council , he is able to get at least the EUR 81.1 million we have been talking about .
If one looks at those firms in Europe which are particularly involved in this area , it can be seen that these are mainly small and medium-sized companies .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , this is my maiden speech in the plenary sitting of this venerable House .
In the five years of on-going negotiations , the European Parliament and particularly my own group have called for the speedy conclusion of this agreement and its direct entry into force .
Question No 30 by (H-0489/99 ) : Subject : Support for Slovakia What steps are being taken by the Commission to further consolidate and support the positive democratic developments in Slovakia ?
Commissioner , thank you for this very clear answer .
In Slovakia , the package of economy measures has entailed some problems and privations for the population .
I cannot give any further details at the moment because , naturally , the basic prior political conditions for that must be achieved first .
The Council did not endorse this proposal .
If today it is reported in the newspapers here that now the competent authorities in individual regions are starting to take action , then this is only welcome and desirable , and actually complies with the request we made to these authorities as early as February .
Over and above that , the organisational plan for the Directorate-General for Fisheries was adopted by the Commission on 29 September .
Secondly , on the Kurdish question there was , albeit in unfortunate circumstances given the death sentence on Öçalan , still the first step towards a political solution .
With the words , " Turkey is a country with a constitution but it is not a constitutional state , " he condemned the Turkish constitution .
But we also want to deepen Europe further and not let it be undermined by accessions which we cannot cope with .
In so doing we will be showing both our own citizens , and also Turkey and the citizens of Turkey , that we take invitations and declarations of belief seriously