of effective operation in Europe that is of potential benefit to all citizens .
Is there such a thing as an ECHELON system ?
And is there a need for democratic initiatives ?
Some say that we knew that already , but it is nonetheless necessary in a community founded on the rule of law to also supply proof of the fact .
We can also conclude that there are unacceptable interceptions of private and commercial communications and , against that background , the European Parliament proposes a long list of initiatives concerning what can be done .
Above all , a higher degree of democratic supervision could be introduced .
It offers hope that something will happen , both in the Member States and in the EU , for it is really astounding to hear those who exercise power reveal the extent of their ignorance and say that they have never heard of the system , even though there have been plenty of odds and ends written about it .
' Who watches the watchmen ? '
First of all , we conclude that there is in fact such a thing as ECHELON , and then this politically elected assembly chooses not to draw political conclusions .
Finally , the observation is made that Great Britain and Germany are , in different ways , parties to this cooperation , and yet the report recommends ever closer cooperation on intelligence matters and no conclusions are drawn in relation to the two Member States that are involved in infringing our rights .
I believe that the European Parliament has lost an opportunity to make it clear that it is serious about citizens ' rights .
It is more than just a matter of high-flown speeches and expensive documents .
It is also about taking action , and action is what is completely missing from the report .
There are nonetheless quite a few aspects of the report and of the enlargement negotiations as a whole that are particularly open to criticism .
In the roll-call vote , we voted against change , but we are not in principle opposed to changing the procedure for amending the treaties of the European Union .
On the positive side , however , is the fact that paragraph 2 talks about 'devising alternative options as a precaution ' .
- ( DA ) We have not voted in favour of Mr Brok ' s decision .
We do not therefore consider the development of a common defence to be of benefit either to present or future Member States , and we are opposed to involving NATO in a decision concerning enlargement of the EU.
We believe that the decision skates all too easily over the problems created by Schengen for quite a few candidate countries , for example when it comes to regional cohesion in the form of trade , and other contact , with neighbouring States outside the EU.
The issue of Kaliningrad ' s future , to which the rapporteur does not give serious treatment , also comes under this heading .
Such arrangements would , for one thing , prolong the problem of illegal labour from candidate countries in current Member States and , for another , give people in the candidate countries the sense of being second-class citizens of the EU.
We welcome the fact that the rapporteur emphasises the necessity of putting both the environment and the social consequences of the arrangements into the equation ; but , if enlargement is to be an equitable process , a minor adjustment in these two crucial areas is far from being sufficient .
It is about annexing a group of countries and not about real negotiations between equal parties .
The most important task for the People ' s Movement against the EU is to internationalise grassroots opposition to the EU project as a whole and to work for a free Europe in which there are full opportunities for open cooperation that are not stymied by the EU' s closed , supranational bureaucracy .
- ( DA ) We have voted against the report from the Temporary Committee on the ECHELON interception system .
The report has a positive aspect , but all too many negative ones .
The positive aspect is the Committee ' s confirmation that ECHELON exists .
In spite of the Committee ' s conclusion that ECHELON does in fact exist , no precise political consequences of this have been successfully formulated .
The committee has chosen to focus upon the illegal interception of communications from private businesses and completely plays down the serious infringement of the right to privacy as formulated in , for example , the European Convention on Human Rights .
The Committee observes that one Member State is participating in the ECHELON cooperation on the illegal interception of communications .
On the contrary , it encourages speeding up the development of European cooperation on intelligence matters - a form of cooperation in which the ECHELON country , Great Britain , is free to participate if it so wishes .
The European Parliament has not complied with its responsibility to strengthen human rights .
When it comes to practical action , citizens ' rights are subordinated to the interests of private enterprise .
Mr President , first of all , I want to thank the rapporteur , Mr Evans , very much for what has been sound and constructive cooperation that has led to a good report .
The continuation of sound competition policy is the main aim of the review being undertaken by legislation in the area of competition .
In that connection , I should like to commend and thank you , Commissioner Monti , for your active contribution regarding the great SAS/Maersk aviation issue which has enlivened our summer recess and which involved the discovery of an illegal cartel and the imposition of a large fine .
