I shall not dwell on what the main priorities are , as they have already been mentioned : terrorism requires a broad , non-emergency , prevention and reaction strategy , which must certainly respect people’s fundamental rights ; personal data protection initiatives will be formally submitted very soon , and in the second half of the year there will also be a comprehensive data protection initiative under the third pillar , as I promised this Parliament .
Organised crime is certainly a priority , with special attention for the victims of crime and of trafficking , particularly trafficking in human beings and particularly children , a group that I consider extraordinarily important : they are the most vulnerable victims of all and in my view deserve the strongest protection .
The Commission is of course looking forward with great interest to the results on the unresolved issues that the Green Paper on immigration has brought to the notice of everybody here , without prescribing solutions , as you know , but stating the issues .
Respect for human rights , democratic principles and the rule of law in third countries is an essential factor for the EU in developing external relations and concluding international treaties .     . – Mr President , I have little to add : just three considerations .
The working group was , of course , set up last December .
I do not want the citizens of Europe to be told that after three years of debate we have not succeeded in duly affirming the fundamental principle that racism must not be allowed into Europe .
We shall take account of Parliament’s assessments on this subject , as we have taken account – we must never forget this – of assessments by personal data protection authorities .
We shall certainly not be helping those who want to work honestly if we do not show that we take a clear , firm and rigorous stand against those who trade in human beings .
The compromise reached in Amendment 4 to recital 8 recognises it , that is , the need for a legal and ethical threshold that the Member States must never cross , not even to combat terrorism : it is a question of human rights , the International Convention on Human Rights and the European Union Charter of Fundamental Rights .
Such data would really make it possible to work on the shift to sea transport .
The points are these : reform of the Stability Pact ; precise target figures for the Kyoto Protocol , which the Commission unfortunately decided not to mention ; redressing the balance of the Lisbon Strategy in terms of environmental and social sustainability , albeit still in a vague and imprecise way ; and a kind of new-found understanding of reality with regard to the Bolkestein directive – although it is very hard to admit , even here in Parliament , that a directive on services of general interest needs to be drawn up before the Bolkestein directive is approved .
We believe , President Barroso , that the European Union needs to make itself seen and heard , partly to win the Constitution referendum in France and to convince citizens that European added value really exists , so that the Commission ’s initiative in the framework of the Lisbon Strategy can result in new legislation .
With the downturn in the world economy and the new international situation , Europe needed to decide at last to overcome its inability to look to the future with the necessary flexibility .
First of all , it is essential that the Commission should have a stronger and not a weaker role in managing the Pact , as regards both the accounts side and the investments side , that is to say as regards both stability and growth .
We want to try to put these aspirations into practice in this House through our proposals and help to bring into Parliament the strength of feeling that enlivened the streets of Brussels , to which this Parliament cannot fail to respond .     – Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , our debates are often repetitive , and so I should like to start with a news item that I read yesterday which I found quite striking .
Parliament too must play its own part , as has been clearly stated .
In this respect , a sensitive case involving Italy has started , and I want to say that we call on the government , the Commission , the Council and Eurostat for each of them to carry out their work wisely , transparently and fairly , because the people of Italy are entitled to clarity and truth in respect of their public accounts , that is to say their own future .
With the decisions of the Spring Summit we shall no longer be in the situation we were in before : if we do not have more Europe , we shall have less .
European integration can only be achieved , however , if there is a great impetus from the people .
Lastly , it fails to say that the application of international law and UN resolutions and the end of military occupations are the only conditions for a fair and lasting peace in the Middle East .
In this context , I believe there is great value in the demand made by many Members – and Commissioner Ferrero-Waldner as well – that Europe should have a seat at the United Nations , as it would represent a quality leap in the relationship between the European Union and the United Nations .
I listened earlier to the speech by the member of the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe , regarding which I should like to know what the criteria are in terms of tolerance