I am referring above all to the very poor countries of the third world .
Mr President , the environmental damage which may be caused by the mining and use of lignite in power plants is an issue which is adequately addressed under Community legislation .
The directive has applied to new facilities since May 2008 .
As far as environmental liability is concerned , the Land Directive is before the Council , but has not progressed .
This legal framework safeguards a high level of environmental protection in the event of possible environmental damage from lignite-fuelled plants .
This means that facilities , especially outdoor lignite mining facilities , by definition destroy the environment and nature with various problems caused not only to the natural state of the land , but also to water from other pollutants and , as we know , from the generation of large quantities of carbon dioxide , given that lignite is , from this point of view , the worst fuel .
However , apart from that , I should like to say that there is Community financing which can also contribute to the restoration of environmental damage from mining activities .
The 'Environment ' operational programme also makes provision , as one of its priorities , for the regeneration of abandoned mining areas and , of course , cooperation not only between countries , but also between regional organisations , benefits both sides .
That is why we believe that the visa waiver procedure for the citizens of all these countries is a very important step and will give them the opportunity to communicate with the peoples of the rest of Europe .
However , I cannot not point out the terms and conditions which , if I have understood correctly , bring a degree of uncertainty to whether the Council will approve the visa waiver for Montenegro and Serbia in October .
Secondly , I have numerous reservations as to whether certain of these preconditions which we are demanding of Serbia and Montenegro relate to this specific issue and do not serve other political objectives .
However , I wish to single out FYROM.
Thank you Minister for your very clear reply .
For example , the working times for airline cabin crews and pilots , as provided for in Regulation (EC ) No 1899/2006 , exceed 14 hours ' work a day , thereby endangering the lives of workers and passengers , as proven by numerous scientific studies .
The Greek Communist Party voted against the joint motion for a resolution by the conservatives , social democrats and liberals , because it condenses the strategic ambition of the monopolies to pass the painful consequences of the capitalist financial crisis on to the working classes .
The resolution calls for the strengthening of international imperialist organisations ( IMF , World Bank , WTO ) and paves the way for a 'green' return on capital on the pretext of climate change and the complete liberalisation of international trade , which signals even greater penetration by the monopolies on the markets of developing and poor countries and the plundering of wealth-producing resources and human resources .
The major media contractors are attempting , in a vulgar manner , to manipulate the conscience of the workers , so as to impose the anti-grassroots policy of capital applied by the centre right and centre left governments .
The most serious thing is that the proposed headings are being used to speed up restructurings to boost the profits of the food industry , thereby strengthening the business groups of the dairy sector at the expense of livestock farmers .
We voted against the proposal , because its objective is to further concentrate production in this sector .
The written report consists of two documents : a brief , six-page overview and an extensive version which goes into the Ombudsman 's activities , the statistics and the interpretation of them in greater detail , in the aim of improving procedure and best practice .
Most of these cases concerned the European Commission and far fewer concerned the administration of the European Parliament .
There were even fewer in which a detailed opinion was requested , while in one case , a special report was submitted to Parliament , resulting in a special resolution in favour of the complainant .
At the same time , with the usual practices for resolving issues imposed by his institutional role , the Ombudsman strengthened contacts with the members and officials of the European institutions , thereby promoting a culture of service within the administrative services of the Union , which certainly contributes towards the general objective of mutual respect between European citizens and the European institutions .
One tangible result of this campaign was the increase in 2008 in the number of petitions , which is an indication of the fact that a larger number of European citizens had been informed of , and decided to make use of , the institution of the Ombudsman in order to complain about issues relating to the sound administration and operation of the administrative and other services of the European Union .
Mr President , may I say from the outset that we support the Ombudsman 's report and Mrs Paliadeli 's report , which are comprehensive , and for that we congratulate them .
It is easy to see from the above thought that I consider the institution of the European Ombudsman to be extremely important in restoring the confidence of European citizens in the institutions and bodies of the European Union and , as such , we support every effort designed to strengthen this institution , expand its remit and improve its public image .
The Committee on Petitions and I personally had the very special honour of drafting the report on the annual report on one of the most important institutions of the European Union ,