military capability of the USA .
In this House there have been majority or consensus votes in favour of a constitution establishing clear relationships between the Union , the Member States and the rights of European citizens .
Equal opportunities for men and women , for black and white , for people of any colour on the basis of the human dignity of each individual - that is the distinguishing feature of the European Union , its human face .
Either Parliament continues to grow and the building of Europe becomes a true democratic project , or it remains a collection of bureaucratic nuts and bolts with no legitimacy , and that would be fatal .
We want you , Mr Prodi , to argue for political diversity in the new Commission .
In this spirit and in the expectation that you will take our concerns on board , my group is planning to support your candidacy .
At the same time , however , it is precisely this war which has currently revived the ideal of political unity amongst the greater European family .
The EU will have to play a greater part in this in due course ; we have at the very least a moral duty to do that .
If we are to apply the classic criteria for a just war , then only the removal of Milosevic 's racist dictatorship will do .
The Union must also offer help in upgrading the communications infrastructure in the countries concerned to create good alternatives to transit through Serbia .
Milosevic shows no sign of making the one important concession of allowing peacekeeping troops into Kosovo so as to enable the refugees to return .
We know how poor the country is , and what an enormous cost this is .
Today , 4 May , is a day on which the Netherlands commemorates the victims of World War Two .
Of these , Germany has taken nearly 10 000 , which means that the rest of the Member States between them have not yet managed even 8 000 Kosovars .
Just imagine , in the space of a few weeks in the poorest areas in Europe , 600 000 people have had to be housed in camps , and even private homes as well .
Only Union actions which draw their democratic legitimacy from the common foreign and security policy will be able to count on support from the people of Europe .
My compliments and good wishes .
We are usually in favour , but not now , not on this matter .
But we are very keen to do absolutely everything possible to reach a solution this week and to adopt a statute this week .
It is totally inappropriate to invoke the subsidiarity principle in this report for our own ends , when we never apply that same subsidiarity principle when the interests of the people in our Member States are at stake .
Getting rid of the once-only chance to choose for Members who are re-elected may perhaps make for greater clarity , but it seriously undermines the basis of the system .
Parliament would be showing itself in a very poor light if it rejected this chance of a serious and responsible system of remuneration .
Even our European Parliament text contained inequalities , because we worked out a transitional arrangement for the salary for a parliamentary term , and we worked out the same thing for the supplementary pension .
After lengthy pressure from Parliament , the Commission has now come up with an amendment to the general directive of 1997 .
To my mind , the often cross-border nature of financial provision means that this is absolutely essential .
The right of withdrawal , Article 4 of the Commission proposal , is subject to a number of very complicated conditions .
Communications to the consumer which he has not requested have to be controlled .
In some Member States , consumer safeguards are very good .
Lastly , I should like to point out a small inaccuracy in Amendment No 18 .
The European Parliament , our Parliament , has developed into a political institution whose voice within the European Union cannot be ignored and which has exercised its political and budgetary control with great authority and great independence .
I shall never forget the time when , in the early 1970s , as the young chairman of my party , I attended a meeting with your father in a cinema in Madrid .
We remain true to the ideal .
The common defence and foreign policy has always been a non-starter , partly because a number of Member States have sought to retain primacy .
After the European summit in Cologne we must choose once and for all to have a Europe in which the European Parliament exercises control over all legislation and the entire budget and in which the European Commission is required to guarantee maximum transparency and management which is free from fraud .
Both Chancellor Schröder and Minister Verheugen have made optimistic statements .
The Defence Ministers must be granted a responsible role , and we must determine the proper role for the Political Committee .
We must make it easier to increase cooperation in the field of foreign policy and security .
In that report , or in the Commission 's proposal , there was no mention of women , displaced persons and certainly not the environment .
For a long time , a majority in this Parliament has been hiding behind the lack of initiative from the Council in this matter in order to excuse its unwillingness to conclude a statute for Members of the European Parliament .
The rapporteur is right to go for a strict budgetary policy .
Can we guarantee that the appraisal will be objective ?
The sitting was suspended at 1.48 p.m. and resumed at 3