are the structural reforms that are spoken about so much ?
The EU budget should not be cut in the next budget period : the focus must be on work to support competitiveness and growth .
The implementation of internal market legislation in the Member States must be stepped up .
It is often the case that we regulate too much and do not implement enough .
Is this reasonable ?
This should not be allowed to happen again .
There is a big gap between what politicians say and real action .
We have to take heed of this .
Law-abiding citizens have no cause to fear in Europe .     – Mr President , the Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party is in favour of Croatia’s accession to the European Union .
The ELDR Group supports Croatia in its efforts to prepare for accession to the EU and to succeed in the accession negotiations .
Some Member States have postponed ratification precisely because they have been dissatisfied with Croatia’s levels of cooperation with the Hague Court .
When Bulgaria , Romania , Turkey and the five countries in the western Balkan region join the Union , the number of Member States will rise to 33 .
Moldova and Ukraine have also taken their first step towards accession , and they have been invited to the European conference .
As enlargement progresses the EU’s Wider Europe Policy and Neighbourhood Policy will become ever more important .
Internal differentiation and the Wider Europe Policy will gradually allow us to create a Europe of concentric circles .
At present all EU Member States participate in the funding , although the way they do differs slightly from how they contribute proportionately to the European Union budget .
This generally takes years .
As a result there have been delays in its implementation and fluctuations in the degree of financing .
One problem is the weak administrative capacities of the recipient countries .
A consequence of this confused system of management is inefficiency .
At the same time the same countries are being granted development aid out of EU budget funds , to the tune of approximately EUR 700 million in 2002 , for example .
It is important for EU development cooperation and in the interests of the ACP countries that the management of the European Development Fund can be simplified and made to work more efficiently .
That is why the Commission ’s initiative to integrate the EDF into the EU budget is right .
For that reason , the Committee on Budgets supports the Commission proposal on this matter .     – Mr President , while we consider Turkey’s possible accession to the European Union , the Copenhagen criteria have to be seen in their entirety .
It depends on Turkey itself whether it meets the political criteria for candidate countries , and how quickly .
I believe I at least speak on behalf of my group ’s Finnish delegation when I say that many factors indicate that Turkey may now be on the right path , with accession dimly visible at its end .
While at the same time most net contributor countries wish to reduce the budget framework in the Union , Turkey itself has a long way to go to fulfil the Copenhagen criteria .
I will mention just two points .
Secondly , it is a fundamental requirement of accession that freedom of religion be established , so that all religions , which only function as religious communities , have the freedom and genuine right to found and build proper churches , just as the EU countries gladly allow non-European religions to do by way of tradition .
In the long term , however , I believe that if the barriers to Turkey’s accession went away or were removed , it would be in the interests of the Union .
The fundamental problem with enlargement is that we will see a large expansion of the Union from 1 May , and that will be much more problematic than earlier rounds of enlargement , while at the same time the Union’s ability to receive new members is not as great as it was before .
A lot of progress has been made in Turkey in a short time .
There are new laws representing civil society and there is democracy .
The significance of the status of the military is a very big problem .
The judiciary is not independent and Turkey should sign the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court .
That is the question this time round , and we will only answer it afterwards .     – Mr President , waste has to be prevented both quantitatively and qualitatively , and at the same time there have to be ways of recovering material defined as waste , so that the quantity of waste for disposal is minimised .
We have organisations that are opposed to the effective recovery of waste because they fear the successful treatment of waste threatens the principle of prevention .
This is madness and the sort of ideological inflexibility the world can no longer afford .
We will be bad politicians unless we can make the system a more rational one .
This problem has to be addressed though the clarification and harmonisation of legislation .
Thus competition in conjunction with Community legislation already implemented is satisfactorily steering towards the prevention of waste .
Industry accounts for enormous quantities of waste whose precise composition is known and which at source could be treated separately from the rest of the waste flow .
This would facilitate its recovery with the risks fully under control .
Nevertheless , under international law the Kyoto Protocol will be binding on its signatories for several years .
One way is to analyse the EU’s former policies , which in most sectors have already successfully made economic growth independent of any increase in emissions .
