In addition to this , there is the problem of breaking the deadlock on the Malpensa 2000 airport which concerns the entire Mediterranean economy and that is , therefore , not just a national problem .
However , my question is this : how can we make these reforms ?
We must be convinced of the fact that in the new Convention a great part of our international protection is at stake .
Mr President-in-Office , in my opinion , the essential point is the last one you mentioned : until there is democracy in Yugoslavia , it will be impossible for us to solve even the problem of Kosovo .
We therefore hope that you are right , but our preoccupation is that once again Europe 's diplomacies will be inadequate and come too late .
We therefore thank the rapporteur for taking the time to recall the rights and duties of the newborn monetary institution - which is why we used the word baptism - commenting and analysing the rights and duties of the dying monetary institution , which does not , however , require a funeral .
Therefore , the proposal that we are debating must be an answer to this public and not to the Greens .
Mr President , many think that the Amsterdam Treaty , although disappointing in some respects , has achieved a very important institutional result with the new codecision procedure .
Besides , certain legislative committees have rightly underlined this .
Nothing good comes out of European legislation that is too cumbersome , whereas much good is done with European legislation that can be adapted for acts of a general scope .
First of all , even if it has already been said , I would like to point out the degree of transparency that results from this and the gain in transparency .
I believe that in this perspective this aspect should be underlined .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , for the Committee on Petitions the July partsession traditionally offers the opportunity to present its annual report but it is also a time for the Members of the House to debate the institution of the right of petition , our understanding of which seems to be at times inversely proportional to its importance .
The national authorities and the institutions , especially the Council , need to be more directly involved in these procedures , for too often they remain silent and do not act upon our requests for information or intervention .
In short , in a Parliament that unfortunately still does not have the power to initiate legislation , the petition constitutes today an irreplaceable instrument for the full assertion of European citizenship to achieve that Utopian view cultivated by the great European minds and illustrated by Voltaire when in 1700 he claimed that Europe had to become the only continent where an Italian or German citizen who happened to be in France or elsewhere should never feel in exile .
It should also be noted that nearly half of the petitions are inadmissible : this means that European citizens are not being adequately informed about what they can request and how they have to send petitions .
We would , however , like to stress the fact that an effective examination of petitions always depends on an adequate presence of human resources , of responsible services , and we insist that the most appropriate means be used to inform European citizens regularly of the right of petition and even more so of the ways to reach the European Parliament , which is the collector of the petitions .
The problem of structural unemployment calls for rapid and targeted solutions : the Central Bank , although it has an important role to play in this area , may not , however , replace the international actions of renewal of individual job markets .
Since 1993 , when the democratic process that was under way at the time was brutally interrupted by a military coup d'etat , there has been in Nigeria every kind of abuse , every kind of violation , however elementary , of human rights and the consolidation of a regime , linked to the military and business clique in power , that has made widespread corruption and the worse kind of violence prevail .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I think that we have a double problem here : a psychiatric problem - and obviously there we can do very little - and a political problem .
I think that we have to be very firm and we must follow the Council 's lead .
Here , too , it is hoped that the Member States will be coherent in their attitude , something that has not always been the case in the past , so that the democratic process in this country can resume without any limitation ; I believe that all the conditions are present for this to occur .
There is clearly not much the European Union can do , but there are at least two areas where it has to focus its immediate attention .
We must now attempt to take political action with great firmness and also great intelligence to take advantage of every possible opportunity to help definitively change this situation .
For this reason , there is something that deeply affects us , because it always imposes new responsibilities on us that are of a historical and cultural nature .
The National Alliance delegation is particularly pleased that this was expressed by our House , considering it a natural conclusion of the passage through Parliament that it precisely sought with its two political initiatives on this topic : the written declaration of 14 January 1998 and the subsequent motion for a resolution of 20 May 1998 .
Indeed it can be a great inconvenience for the passenger to be denied boarding .
Lastly