schizophrenia is apparent in our attitude to the Arctic region .
It is quite obvious that climate change is taking place faster in the Arctic than elsewhere .
This melting process is accelerating climate change because it is reducing the earth 's reflectance , or albedo .
The melting process also allows toxins that have accumulated over many years to be released into the environment .
Moreover , the indigenous peoples are largely being ignored in all this .
The EU should now be promoting a consistent approach to sustainable development .
Furthermore , the indigenous peoples should be included in all decisionmaking processes that relate to the region .
For example , there are much greater problems and worse risks associated with drilling for oil there than elsewhere .
Mr President , the Arctic issue is important and it has now also come before us here .
When Baroness Ashton goes to Lapland , she will find a lot of people who live and work north of the Arctic Circle .
When I myself go there on Sunday , I will find a lot of people there who are particularly worried about work and their livelihood , because in a real democracy , people can choose freely where they want to live .
The University of Lapland in Rovaniemi is the best place to carry out this study from the viewpoint of finances and research .
If these three can be accommodated in every part of the Arctic and can live there in harmony , we will achieve a sustainable Arctic policy , and we will also be able to exploit its logistics and economy , but only by respecting nature , people and animals .
The Commission will then , in its wisdom , decide whether it does anything or not .
We should not raise false hopes or create misunderstandings .
A procedure for advance conformity has been discussed .
It may have its good aspects , but I do not know if it is right to trim down the initiatives at that stage .
We need to ensure that the Regulation does not create needless barriers to the implementation of the citizens ' initiative , but that it makes it clear and simple .
When we prepared our Annual Statement , we knew that the selected issues would be topical .
In order to respect the independence of the European Central Bank , I will focus on the Giegold report , which makes a very substantive contribution to the current debate on economic coordination and economic governance within the euro area .
In my view , the broad support the Giegold report enjoyed within the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs is indeed a testimony to the relevance and balance of his approach and issues .
Since 1999 , the euro area has mostly been an area of economic stability .
Despite the economic recovery policies and strong fiscal stimulus , financial markets still remain volatile and the degree of uncertainty remains exceptionally high .
This moment may indeed be a turning point in Greek fiscal history and economic development .
On our side , I can assure you that the Commission is ready to put such a European framework in place for coordinated and conditional assistance , which could be used if needed and if requested .
We are working closely and intensively together with all euro area Member States and the ECB in order to reach such a solution this week in the context of the European Council .
The Greek crisis has demonstrated the need for enhanced economic governance .
Like you , Mr Giegold , in paragraph 28 , we regret the lack of binding commitments among governments to enforce coordination in the euro area .
We need to be able to issue broader and more stringent recommendations to the Member States to take corrective measures .
It is possible for the Council to address recommendations to a Member State whose economic policies risk jeopardising the proper functioning of economic and monetary union .
This has been used in the past , probably too rarely .
This is something we must do in order to help Member States to address emerging economic problems at a much earlier stage .
By and large , I share the views of the rapporteur in this regard .
The economic recovery is now in progress but it is still fragile and not self-sustaining .
No matter how important fiscal stimulus was for the economic recovery , the two years of the crisis have wiped out over 20 years of consolidation of public finances .
These clouds will overshadow our economic landscape in the coming years .
Therefore , this is indeed no time for business as usual .
I have listened to your views very carefully .
I also welcome the opportunity to continue discussions on economic governance soon in the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs , preferably as soon as possible after Easter .
First of all , its cornerstone will be a truly credible and better preventive fiscal and budgetary surveillance that is stronger and more rigorous , also covers the mid-term budgetary policies , and uses recommendations and , if needed , warnings to the Member States .
Its second building block will consist of more effective preventive and more systematic and rigorous surveillance of macro-economic imbalances and divergences in competitiveness between the Member States of the euro area and of the European Union .
This is needed to prevent an accumulation of imbalances .
In other words , the aim is not to make Bayern München play worse against Olympic Lyon but to improve both export competitiveness where needed and domestic demand where needed and possible , thus making both Bayern München and Olympic Lyon play better as a European team by making both offensive and defensive strategy ever stronger .
Therefore , it is important that the Council is present