.
The Commission ' s initial plan , supported by Parliament , was to lay down a European sanction .
I feel that it was our determination and our strong awareness of the major importance of the subject , not least - supported as we were , I by my committee and Parliament and the Commissioner and the Minister by their convictions - which enabled us to bring such a vital process to a conclusion .
The aim is , of course , to build a strong , stable , pan-European capital market , a market which will benefit its citizens and businesses by improving future employment and growth prospects throughout Europe .
Secondly , the Commission will , without exception , take full account of the European Parliament ' s position , as is provided for in the Stockholm European Council resolution .
In the White Paper , it also announced its intention of launching a debate on this issue in the context of the forthcoming Intergovernmental Conference and indicated that it favours an amendment to Article 202 of the EC Treaty .
It is the fruit of a lengthy debate and very close cooperation between Commission and Parliament .
The average size of European pension funds is one sixth of that of pension funds in the United States and the yield in Europe is 60 % of the American figure .
We all know , we all realise that we need to respect the current sensitive and possibly inadequate balance between institutional matters and policy , but we also know that we will have ample opportunity to go back over these issues during the debate launched within the Convention .
Today , the Commission has committed itself according to the terms of the statement I have read - and it could do no more - but soon it will undertake to work with Parliament to ensure that its institutional rights are fully recognised .
This is especially true in that cigarette smuggling takes place not between European countries with differing excise duty levels - and we would point out that excise duties in the United States vary from State to State - but from outside Europe to inside Europe : cigarettes are smuggled from Montenegro across the Adriatic and by this route to the whole of Europe .
In our opinion , Mr Katiforis ' report focuses on three goals .
I hope that he will have the patience to listen to me as the previous President used to .
The Pensioners ' Party is for this and is pleased to see citizens of any other State travelling within Europe .
I come from the south of Italy and I am sad to say that we continue , as always , to be badly served by airlines .
Relief , rehabilitation and development : pensioners and the Pensioners ' Party are in favour .
I would like to take this opportunity to express the great joy with which elderly people throughout Europe welcomed the introduction of euro notes and coins , the new currency ; they feel as if they are in a fairy tale country , in a land of dreams where there is more money than before .
In this context , it becomes even more important to take note of experience gained in markets outside as well as within Europe in terms of organisation , operating procedures and the functioning of control measures .
Lastly , it is vital to regulate the role of securities brokers .
At present , it would appear that Yasser Arafat is not in control of the situation , for the terrorism of Hamas is still gathering momentum , but if Mr Arafat were to lose all support , the consequences for Palestine would not bear thinking about .
As Mr Solana has said on a number of occasions : we have wasted many opportunities .
The young Israelis said : ' We want peace .
International protection is vital for the Palestinian people ; moreover - and here I agree with Mr Sakellariou - it is vital that we take practical action , even suspending the association agreement , for Israel must respect human rights .
What are the main characteristics ?
These resellers could be supermarkets , for example , and they would exploit the price differentials to buy vehicles in countries where the prices are lower and then sell them in Member States where prices are higher , thus helping to create a genuine single market .
The draft regulation makes multi-brand selling much more simple .
Another way to reduce dealers ' dependence on manufacturers is by laying down the obligation for manufacturers to give sufficient grounds for deciding to cancel distribution contracts .
Manufacturers can therefore guarantee that the members of their network comply with high quality standards .
Any discrimination between official repairers which are part of the network and independent repairers is therefore unacceptable .
If we want the European citizens genuinely to identify with European integration , we cannot afford to let such a key element of the single market as that in motor vehicles to continue not to be a single market , for it would be unfair to the consumer .
I essentially agree that a careful reassessment of the relationship between regional policy and competition policy must be carried out for the period after 2006 .
The European Parliament , Member States , the ECSC Consultative Committee , as well as steel companies and their associations , have also requested strict rules for state aids to the steel industry .
On airlines , I would just like to point out that the Commission has decided , concerning the events of 11 September , that indeed they were of an exceptional nature in the sense of Article 87( 2 )( b ) of the Treaty .
Now we know more than we did then , for the world of science has also provided some answers and clarified the main issues somewhat