The entry into force of this directive must be based on the guarantee of an internal market that is as viable as possible without any risk of distortions .
This is easier said than done .
The Commission ’s proposal to lay down a common deadline of December 2012 for the new Member States regarding recovery and recycling targets under the packaging waste directive can be justified for market convergence to be achieved as soon as possible .
This way we will avoid any embarrassing repercussions that result from breaches of the conditions set and at the same time give priority to European convergence instead of market harmonisation which is now being discussed .
It should be realised , however , that the environmental friendliness of reused packaging is not always directly justifiable .
For example , cardboard boxes and cartons are often collected and recycled locally , to avoid a large number of unnecessary journeys .
Promoting reused packaging whilst ignoring environmental considerations would be ecologically hypocritical .
The wishes of the Ukrainian nations must be implemented in accordance with the principles of democracy .
It would , if anything , cause new problems rather than solve older ones .
The best situation would be one where we were able to build a multilateral partnership in which the EU , Russia and Ukraine were on an equal footing .
The new Neighbour Policy for Europe should not be seen as an alternative to membership , but a tool to help our European neighbours along the path to membership of the EU.
Now that Turkey has in principle been accepted as a member , the door must also be left open for Ukraine , which is a bona fideEuropean country .     Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , today I am proud of our Parliament .
This is now a question of law , justice and freedom , because Ukraine and the EU share a common future .
One day mankind’s weapons should all be trained in the same direction .
Russia’s future is closely connected with ours .
We cannot all have different notions about what democracy is .
They are universal .
On this point we have to remain adamant .
It now remains to be seen whether they will be proud of us for staying adamant about this through to the end .
On one side of the watershed the murky waters of a totalitarian regime flow towards the past , where only the oligarchies and the present administration reap the benefits .
Even Prime Minster Yanukovich himself has asked for the election results to be invalidated , particularly as there was some confusion in the western parts of the country .
The leader of the opposition , Mr Yushchenko , and international observers , on the other hand , discovered that there was some confusion in eastern parts .
The first countries to approve the rigged election results , which include Russia , Turkmenistan , Kazakhstan and Belarus , should be the first to take a look in the mirror .
Our task is to promote democracy and human rights .
The elections will decide whether Ukraine is to become a large version of Poland , a western European country with an open attitude towards democracy , or a small version of Russia , which looks to the east and an authoritarian , quasi-democracy .
As long as the second round of elections is organised democratically and fairly , we have to respect the outcome , whether it accords with our personal opinions or not .
If what I personally hope for were to happen and Yushchenko won , the losing party , that is , Yanukovich’s supporters , would not just fade into the background .
The Ukrainian nation is already a very much divided one , and we should not add to or aggravate this division and the policies it relies on .
Mr Barroso’s Commission is not making a new proposal .
The proposal by Mr Prodi’s Commission calls for the United Kingdom’s special rebate on its membership contributions to be abolished .
How strong is the Council’s commitment to a 1 % maximum ?
As a representative of the Netherlands , the country to hold the Presidency , could you say for certain whether this 1 % refers to commitments or real payments ?
Along with the financial perspective , the system of the EU’s own resources is to be reformed , as are several multi-annual programmes , including regional and structural policy .
It is important that Parliament is not put under any pressure in these talks , although there have already been signs of that .
The incomplete state of the financial perspective must not be an excuse for stonewalling legislative proposals .
It is conspicuous in trade disputes and the Iraq war , and has given rise to an estrangement of sorts .
Our relations now require much effort .
Defence Minister Donald Rumsfeld has said that we have new Europeans in the same way .
Our first Parliamentary Cooperation Committee met last week , and it was then that the issue was raised for the first time , though certainly not the last .
They are only part of the whole .
There has been some progress : acceptance of enlargement and the partnership pact , the Kyoto Protocol , and so on .
There is , however , a long list of problems with regard to the investment protection accord in Chechnya , which has been mentioned here too .
But just how much do we share the same values ?
What does the Commission intend to do to halt this drift and ensure that Russia does not sail off into the void , as it were , perhaps towards the east and Asia ?
The moral and ethical basis for the sports culture in Europe is the rule of ‘fair play’ .
It is especially important