But Europe has a special responsibility in Kosovo , which is on our borders and is our future home territory .
The Commission will put together a funding package that reflects the scale of our responsibility .
I count on your support for this , because strong support from the budgetary authority is needed to put together a credible funding package .
We are ready to work with a new government towards this goal .
A Serbia that has confidence in its European future will be helped to overcome the legacy of the past .
I believe that your report , and I trust your vote tomorrow , will further reinforce European unity in order to bring the Kosovo status process to a successful conclusion .
Then follows the hardest phase for us , that of the implementation of the status , which , as has been said today in this House , is a real litmus test for the EU 's common foreign and security policy .
Therefore , I highly appreciate the support for this joint challenge of ours provided by Parliament and by the rapporteur on Kosovo , Mr Lagendijk .
At the same time , we are providing Serbia with a tangible EU perspective , which should help Serbia to leave the nationalist past behind and turn towards a European future .
Its importance in the future will probably be marked , because consumers are paying more attention to the quality of food rather than to its price .
Even tiny mistakes are hard to put right , as there are no opportunities for conventional production .
The farmer has to be extremely familiar with both EU and national legislation .
The proposal for a regulation before us will mean more laws .
This would result in harm being done to the sector as a whole .
Organic production may offer very tempting opportunities , especially in the regions with the harshest natural conditions .
Its annual harvest varies quite considerably and its price also fluctuates greatly .
For example , in my country around a third of potato starch is produced domestically and two thirds is imported , because the forest industry uses the lion 's share of it .
Thus , when we examine quotas we would hope that this non-food use of the product will be taken better account of . on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group . - ( FI ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , my thanks go to the rapporteur , Kartika Liotard , for her excellent work .
Mankind as a whole uses 25 % more than the sustainable level of natural resources , which means that we are using up our children 's capital .
The need to cut climate emissions is only part of the more universal challenge of using natural resources more sparingly and more wisely .
We have been able to do something similar in improving work productivity so why not in improving the productivity of natural resources ?
The knowledge base for producing them exists .
We need clear targets and timetables by next year , including sector-wide action programmes .
That should be done right away .
I therefore wish to draw attention to a number of those aspects of the Commission 's proposal concerning environmental quality standards that we must get to grips with .
What is more , a new article is proposed that would permit what are called transitional areas in which the permitted levels for environmentally hazardous substances might be exceeded .
This may lead to our environmental legislation being seriously undermined .
We need common , strict and clear sets of regulations if we are to get rid of the environmental poisons in our waters .
The Russian-speaking people in Estonia have the same civil and human rights as us , but the problems and differences of opinion do not entitle Russia to interfere in Estonia 's affairs , such as demanding that the Estonian Government should resign .
It is true that the Red Army had a major role in liberating Europe from Nazism , but it is also true that the same army after the war became an army of occupation in Estonia and in many other countries .
The police have an obligation to keep order , but accusations that the police have acted disproportionately harshly need to be investigated impartially and openly .
The Member States of the European Union must help Estonia to find out who or what started the attacks on Estonian authority websites .
( Applause ) Member of the Commission .
It is vital to get movement in the UN Security Council at this stage .
I call on all those involved not to pursue unilateral actions , whether declarations or veto threats , which would only harm the interests of us all in a stable region that can fully become part of the European Union .
You took the view that the only sustainable settlement is one that respects all communities , helps Kosovo 's economic recovery and provides an international presence to safeguard the interests of all ethnic communities .
The key elements of this proposal are the building blocks of any modern society .
They include the protection of the rights of communities , protection of cultural and religious heritage and basic constitutional and security provisions .
In a nutshell , we must do three things now .
As Commissioner , I have already opened up several instruments under the stabilisation and association process .
We monitor progress on the basis of European partnership , and we have opened up regional cooperation activities with Kosovo .
Hence , we must show the Kosovars that there is movement and that there will be a solution .
We must not allow the hardliners to gain the upper hand .
Kosovo is indeed a profoundly European matter .
Both Serbia and Kosovo are due to become part of the EU ,