I did not recognise , in the issues dealt with by the honourable President-in-Office , anything vaguely relating to this question .
Mr President , anyone who visits Belgrade is overcome by feelings of rage and indignation at the destruction and death caused by NATO bombardments .
Secondly , the destruction of the infrastructure of the Yugoslavian economy is an act of genocide .
Follow it !
Mr President , it is clear that the offensive against Yugoslavia has not succeeded in halting the deportations or preventing the exodus of Kosovar Albanians .
Mr President , these offensives will destroy Serbia and will severely harm the Serbian people , killing and wounding many of them .
How can the presidency guarantee the return of the refugees to a land that is so polluted ?
At least three crises - those of Kosovo , Russia and the Middle East - demonstrate that the superpower that is Europe could have handled these issues much better .
It is an issue relating to the conditions under which the foreign policy representatives , or those mediators who are appointed by the European Union , will work .
With composure our rapporteur has attempted to elaborate a strategy for our relations with the former world super power , Russia , and he has succeeded .
The stance taken by Mr Prodi this morning , and what the President-in-Office has said just now concerning the importance that the Russian Federation will have in the immediate future for the success of the major policies of the European Union , such as enlargement and the CFSP , are encouraging .
Firstly , we did not manage to get speaking time from our group to present the question during yesterday 's debate.-Secondly , as you will see from the Minutes , the issues we were asking about were not covered during yesterday 's debate either by the Foreign Minister , Mr Fischer , or by Commissioner van den Broek . Our question concerned the environmental impact , and the impact on public health , of the bombardments taking place in Kosovo .
Mr President , you began with a personal account and then you went on to a collective overview .
In your collective overview which , in my view , was given in accordance with the Rules of Procedure , which you have always strictly abided by and respected , thereby setting us an example to follow , you should have included the fact that this Parliament is coming to the end of its term of office and that it was unable to prevent war taking place on European soil .
Following that they were rounded up outside the court and beaten by the police .
I would like you to tell me , Mr President-in-Office , whether the Council considers that the achievement of political and military objectives can ignore the cost in terms of human lives .
Because I believe that we are , quite rightly , in favour of protecting human rights , I would like to ask you whether the innocent population of Iraq does not come under the heading of people to whom protection of human rights applies .
I in fact believe that , although it contains certain weaknesses , the agreement that was reached at Berlin on Agenda 2000 is a success that can be attributed to the German Presidency .
My position , however , is that the system on own resources needs to be changed , which will inevitably lead to an increase in the Community budget so that needs can be met and the ambitious aims of the European Union can be fulfilled.-Finally , I would like to congratulate all those who contributed to this historic Berlin agreement , especially Commissioner Wulf-Mathies for her tireless effort and my colleagues for the quality of their opinions .
Mr President , Mr Öcalan will not have the open and fair trial we call for in our resolutions .
This weakness does not simply concern Mr Öcalan , but the more important issue of the human rights of all Turks and , more especially , the large Kurdish minority in Turkey , whose identity , language , education and political expression is not recognised .
The bottom line is that Turkey and its people , of whatever national and linguistic origin , belong to the European horizon , and the 'humanitarian' and 'liberal ' declarations which most governments in the European Union - also members of NATO - allegedly want to implement within a wider Europe relate to them .
Firstly , the situation in Kosovo .
I appreciate , as does Mr Prodi and as do we all , that the rebuilding of Kosovo is a very important matter .
It is of much greater significance , involving the regeneration of the societies which existed there before the catastrophe .
It is a matter of great importance , so much so that , at the last Intergovernmental Conference , we examined and reached decisions on many issues which were simply brushed aside when it came to the actual signing .
It is clear that better progress in the advancement of the European ideal can be made when the institutions are on an equal footing and when the Commission and the European Parliament work in harmony .
Thus , under the Finnish Presidency , we will see EU militarisation become increasingly subordinate to NATO .
In other words , we are dealing with a combination of imperialistic policies and crass hypocracies , since , amongst other things , the European Union does its utmost for Human Rights and the rights of its citizens .
Naturally , it is a welcomed sign that one of its long-term objectives is to advocate an Intergovernmental Conference which will deal with all institutional issues , in particular the hitherto largely unchecked issue of maintaining institutional balance .
That is what is important .
The security policy which the President referred to