humanity 's extreme and worrying dependence on this primary energy source , the need for fair and careful management of existing reserves , and the need to seek other , alternative sources of energy supply .
I would remind you that preserving biodiversity is fundamental to ecosystem quality , has direct effects on essential functions such as food production and water supply , and prevents landslides and floods .
Finally , I believe that it is crucial for the Commission and the Member States to integrate the environmental element into their relations with third countries , with the emphasis on the importance of pursuing an integrated approach and 'green diplomacy ' .
As I have already had occasion to mention , in relation to the report by Mrs de Lange that was put to the vote in the last part-session , ' I ( ... ) agree with the need for the EU in its entirety , and particularly those areas covered by Community policies , to find a sustainable strategy for protecting biodiversity and preserving ecosystems .
This loss of biodiversity is unacceptable , not only from an ethical , but also from an ecological and economic perspective , as it prevents future generations from enjoying the benefits of a healthy biodiversity .
The ambiguous and unclear aspects should also be mentioned , such as advocating that 'the values of biodiversity and the opportunities derived from its conservation and sustainable use are integrated into national accounts ' .
Biological diversity is a rich heritage which we have inherited from past generations , and which we should leave for future generations .
I would like to call for an in-depth study of capital instruments before and after the crisis in order to evaluate the importance of specific capital instruments and their relevance in a crisis situation .
However , these should be sufficiently differentiated in order to take account of the particularities of banks ' business models and their respective risk profiles .
The global financial crisis which is continuing to cause problems to the economy in all countries has confirmed that a strong banking sector is of paramount importance in order to avoid similar situations in future .
I voted in favour of this resolution as I believe that : 'too-big-to-fail ' financial institutions should be able to draw upon countercyclical capital that is proportionate to the size and level of business risk ; the Basel Committee and the Commission should clarify the treatment of reciprocal financial cross-holding agreements ; there should be an in-depth study of capital instruments as they are before and after the crisis , in order to evaluate the importance of specific capital instruments and their relevance in a future crisis situation ; high quality liquidity standards are a key part of the crisis response ; it is necessary to define the criteria for high quality liquid assets ; the Commission should include all euro area sovereign debt as high quality liquid assets , regardless of its specific rating ; the forthcoming European Banking Authority should play a leading role in drawing up and implementing measures relating to capital requirements and the rules on countercyclical buffer standards ; countercyclical regulation requires harmonised criteria in order to ensure comprehensive and careful monitoring of the financial markets and the market environment by supervisory authorities .
I voted in favour of this report since I agree with its overall content , which I see as one more step towards establishing new Union mechanisms for planning , coordination and supervision in the economic , budgetary and social spheres of the EU.
In this , the European Union and the individual Member States have a role to play , not because this situation of extreme need may be due to the colonial past of the African continent , as the report states , but because we Europeans are linked to Africa by special bonds of friendship and solidarity which must not be forgotten .
We welcome its defence of the right of women to exercise full control over matters relating to their reproductive health , including procreation , contraception , abortion or sexually transmitted diseases .
It is imperative that we continue to pool our efforts so that the investment made by the European Union towards health systems in sub-Saharan Africa are effectively implemented in order to permanently reduce the large imbalance that currently exists between that continent and others , especially with regard to childbirth , life expectancy and the incidence of HIV.
The EU should have political priorities which contribute to economic growth and the creation of more and better employment , along with policies which contribute to competitiveness , such as scientific research and innovation .
Today , these values , upon which we pride ourselves , should continue to guide the European integration process in the future , obviously along with its policy of regional development . 2013 is just around the corner .
Implementation of cohesion policy , which contributes to stable , sustainable economic growth and job creation in the European Union , is essential for the success of the Europe 2020 strategy .
This is an area that facilitates the pursuit of modernisation and sustainable growth as well as demonstrating some solidarity .
However , we do not want cohesion policy to be subordinated to the priorities of the EU 2020 strategy , which stresses 'competitiveness' , 'deregulation' , 'adaptability ' and 'entrepreneurship' , always at the expense of cohesion and convergence .
Multi-level governance must be encouraged , with greater involvement of regional and local bodies in the law-making process , as required by the new Treaty of Lisbon , and compliance with the principle of subsidiarity , as decisions must be made at the closest possible level to the people .
It is important for the Member States to use the European Social Fund to invest in qualifications , employment , training and retraining , with a view to creating more and better jobs