They are at the heart of making Europe 2020 a success in the coming years .
Second , stronger fiscal surveillance should be accompanied by broader macro-economic surveillance , to go to the roots and origins of sustainable economic development .
Our proposals are made of three building blocks .
The essential cornerstone of reinforcing economic governance is to coordinate fiscal policy in advance , in order to ensure that national budgets are consistent with the jointly-agreed European policies and obligations , so that they will not put at risk the stability of the euro area as a whole and that of the other Member States .
Instead , it will mean analysing and peer-reviewing the broad budgetary guidelines and fiscal balance before the submission of the draft national budgets by governments to Parliament with the legal right , based on the treaty and pact , for the EU to make recommendations and ask for corrective action from the Member States concerned .
However , everyone can see that this is not about breaching democracy or parliamentary sovereignty but ensuring that our Member States respect those very same rules which they have themselves decided on previously : in other words , to practice what you preach .
The second building block is to go beyond budgetary surveillance to broaden and deepen surveillance , to address macro-economic imbalances .
Why is this important ?
This has been at the root and origin of why the financial crisis hit the EU so hard , especially some of our Member States .
These indicators could include , for instance , productivity trends , unit labour costs and current account developments .
We need to reinforce export competitiveness where needed and domestic demand where needed and possible .
To discourage anyone from even trying our vigour , we need a permanent and robust framework for crisis management for the euro area Member States .
The temporary mechanism established on 10 May is a bold first step in that direction , but for the medium to long term , the Commission will propose a more permanent mechanism , subject to strict policy conditionality and , of course , drawing on the lessons of recent experience .
That is why we must make the mechanism so unattractive that no leader or country is voluntarily tempted to resort to it .
To conclude , these Commission proposals pave the way for a quantum leap in economic governance in Europe , but I also want to draw your attention to another immensely important decision - on the same day we proposed these measures - namely , the proposal for Estonia to become a member of the euro area on its own merits .
All in all , the Commission 's initiatives , once adopted , will lead to a substantial deepening of economic governance in Europe and to a prudent widening of the euro area .
Let me first say that I highly appreciate the broad support given by the European Parliament for reinforcing economic governance .
I also listened very carefully to Minister López Garrido and I thank the Spanish Presidency for their support and for the excellent cooperation on this issue as well as on other issues .
This is the way forward , and this is the critical lesson we must learn from the crisis .
We have avoided another Lehman Brothers happening on European soil , but we are certainly not out of the woods yet , and therefore we must continue with vigilance and determination to safeguard financial stability in Europe and thus protect the still-fragile economic recovery of our continent .
We need to create a framework to correct the systemic errors of the financial markets and on this , I very much agree with Mrs Jaakonsaari and Mr Swoboda .
( The President cut off the speaker ) Member of the Commission . - Mr President , I am quite used to this but I would appreciate it if there were some interest in the House in what I am going to say .
Immediate crisis resolution , complete financial market reform and reinforcing economic governance : these are the three main tasks that we have to work on as soon as possible now .
Please read those 10 pages of the communication on reinforcing economic governance in Europe .
I will come up with concrete proposals , legislative proposals , shortly .
Well , we contribute actively and constructively to the work of the task force presided over by President Herman Van Rompuy but , yes , we shall use our right of initiative and we shall soon put forward concrete legislative proposals on reinforcing economic governance .
Instead , we must act without delay .
It is now absolutely essential to move on with these initiatives .
The European Union has always produced the best results by an alliance of the Parliament and the Commission , so I count on your support in this regard .
So please convince your constituencies and help us convince the Member States , and not only the Spanish Presidency , which is very convinced .
It is excellent that the Europe 2020 strategy should take account of young people .
There are not enough concrete objectives and more of them are needed .
The figures for youth unemployment are alarming .
Almost half of young people are unemployed in Latvia and Spain .
Predictions suggest that there will be a shortage of workers .
We need concrete measures .
The economic crisis we are seeing is made up of a continuum of three crises that are linked to one another .
These are the financial crisis , the crisis in the real economy that followed it , and the crisis in the public economies that now comes from them .
Both the world of finance and economic activity no longer know their limits .
We need predictive and longterm solutions and tools to help us manage future crises better