how , in future , businesses may write off more minor items – the rates in America , for example , are substantially higher – and to how they are to handle the carrying forward and back of losses .
If one compares the main points from the opinion I drafted for the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and the final version that Mr Doorn , the rapporteur , presented us with after the troika negotiations , one sees that they overlap to a great degree , for example as regards rotation , the costs incurred by small and medium-sized businesses , and liability .
This agreement is due to expire in 2010 , and the crucial issue in relation to it is whether , as it is a new one , there really will be an ex-post evaluation and whether that evaluation will then be forwarded to this House in good time before new arrangements are made and a new Agreement negotiated .
What the Council has now presented us with is also a long way removed from the objectives formulated at Tampere in 1999 , and one consequence of that is that the majority of us in the Committee on Civil Liberties , Justice and Home Affairs and the advisory committees have come to the conclusion that the directive falls short of all expectations in that it makes no significant progress towards harmonisation , in that there are too many instances in which the Member States are allowed to retain their own legal arrangements .
I again urge you to vote to adopt my report , which we also need for next year’s negotiations with the Council .
I have to tell him that they should be included in any procedure , and , while our Green and Socialist Members reject Bulgaria and Romania as safe states , they nonetheless want them to accede to the EU in a few months ’ time .
The object of this initiative by the Council is to put Europe beyond the reach of refugees , to make a mockery of the right of asylum and to make it , in essence , null and void .
The fact is that the Commission has acted – to say the least – shamelessly and unacceptably in making these concessions in the EU-US Wine Agreement , and that I say , as a Member for one of the oldest vine-growing regions in Germany , also on behalf of the vine-growers of the Moselle .
Champagne comes from Champagne , Rhine wine is grown on the Rhine , and Moselle on the Moselle – not somewhere in America .
We wish you , Commissioner , much success in doing this .     Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I think we are all agreed that wine is among agriculture’s most elegant products .
The very simple reason behind it is that the Cypriot constitution includes a provision on the suspension of the immunity of members of the national parliament that is not to be found in the constitutions of other Member States .
What is particularly questionable is why there is no explanation of how industry is to be reimbursed its costs – which are expected to run to several hundred million euros – by the individual Member States .
Good teamwork has made it possible to produce this balanced but forward-looking report .
With this end in mind , we must , on the one hand , focus on the Community’s strategic guidelines for cohesion , while also taking territorial specificities into account , and , while I am on that subject , I have to say that I take a rather sceptical view of the rapporteur’s proposals , according to which , alongside GDP , new territorial criteria and indicators need to be created in order to evaluate a region’s development and the obstacles to it .
For a start , it must establish a framework for the balanced economic , social and territorial development of the geographical area of the Community as a whole .
Securing Europe’s position as a business location and improving its chances in global competition are both absolutely dependent on our having a successful purge of red tape , annulling regulations that have become meaningless and offering industry and service providers a modern legal framework on which they can rely in the long term .
As the itself is not tampered with in any way , it has no direct effect on the economic process .
This , honourable Members , is something that we will need to discuss in depth , and , while the Commission will have the utmost regard for Parliament’s responsibility , this policy will need to be supported by the Member States .
I have two suggestions to make .
The first was as long ago as September 2004 – even before I was appointed .
There is a splendid English expression for this : ‘gold plating’ .
For its own part , the Commission has decided that it will no longer be making proposals before a comprehensive assessment of the costs resulting from them has been carried out .
As regards temporary workers , we suggest that Parliament should not wind up its deliberations before the Commission has presented more comprehensive economic analyses and an extensive impact assessment .
We should not let this annoy us too much , however , but rather address ourselves to the issue .
Competition can already be seen in traffic in the Alpine region , and customers have the choice between the services of two different alliances of railway undertakings .
I should like to say to my Dutch fellow-Members that there is no need to worry .
I hope that , at the Council meeting on 6 October , the British Presidency will actively represent the signal that we are going to give tomorrow , and speed up the work