transport .
It should be noted that the privacy of European and US citizens should be respected when personal passenger data are exchanged between the EU and the US , in accordance with the criteria required by the European Parliament in its resolution of 5 May 2010 .
As regards security , and in support of the view that there must always be a high level of security in air transport services , we are faced with serious concerns when safety , minimisation of burdens and liberalisation are mixed together and what prevails is profit and concentration of wealth .
During the same session in which we voted for the adoption of the regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council concerning a European rail network for competitive freight , we also discussed the implementation of the first railway package directives , which fell well short of the initial objectives .
It is proposed that the Commission review the first railway package by September 2010 , and that it deal as a matter of priority with problems such as the independence of the infrastructure managers and the lack of resources and powers of the regulatory bodies .
This is a sovereign choice of the people that must be respected .
It is necessary to prioritise the resolution of problems such as the independence of the infrastructure managers and the regulatory bodies ' lack of resources and powers , and to propose appropriate infrastructure access charging principles .
That being the case , I agree that it makes sense for the European Commission to revise the first package and in particular the most problematic issues such as the independence of infrastructure managers , the legal framework for the regulatory bodies and track access charging methods .
Such circumstances are dramatic and , worryingly , have been occurring more and more often , requiring governments to focus more on water and soil policies .
The Member States and the regions affected by the natural disaster must pay special attention to the sustainability of the respective reconstruction plans .
The document adopted by Parliament today expresses the solidarity of this institution towards the people in those Member States devastated by the floods , who were badly affected by these natural disasters .
It is only in this way that we can really talk of European solidarity .
We will thus obtain a significant contribution towards improving the functioning of the internal market , both for companies and for citizens .
As an MEP , a member of the Group of the European People 's Party ( Christian Democrats ) , but also as a law professor , lawyer and former Secretary of State for Justice , it is with great interest that I have been following this initiative on the creation of a European judiciary culture , with a view to promoting effective and swift justice , capable of responding promptly to citizens ' problems .
I must also mention that a single legislative framework and both appropriate labelling and certification are necessary for the development of such a strategy .
The European aquaculture industry consists of more than 16 500 companies , with a total annual turnover of more than EUR 3.5 billion , generating some 64 000 direct and indirect jobs .
We share the view expressed in the report that the aquaculture sector has great potential to contribute to economic and social development in a large number of regions , especially in coastal and rural regions , as well as to promote local production and employment .
Despite the fair criticism of the 'proliferation of private certifications' , we believe that the report should have gone further in this area and firmly backed the importance of a public certification system for the food and environmental quality of aquaculture products .
This has given rise to legislative distortion and has led to confusion for market operators .
Democratic Republic of Congo : the case of Floribert Chebeya Bahizire Besides what we already knew from the written account of the Council 's conclusions on 17 June , what the President of the Council has mentioned here demonstrates that they want to use the crisis to take a leap towards federalism as a tool for achieving the objective of strengthening capitalism , as part of an imperialist vision of the European Union .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , first of all , I would like to salute and thank all those speaking about this report , which resulted in a large majority in the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Food Safety : 55 votes for , 3 against and no abstentions .
Bio-waste should be viewed as a potential resource .
However , this directive is essential .
For every 10 000 tonnes of recycled waste , 250 jobs can be created , while depositing the same amount in landfill only requires 10 jobs .
This is a report that is ambitious , but also realistic , because we want , for example , selective waste collection to be compulsory , provided it is possible from a local , economic and environmental point of view .
This crisis has posed us new challenges and required new responses from us .
The efforts made by all Spanish authorities have also been crucial .
The Spanish Presidency has been instrumental in moving this agenda forward and , in particular , in reaching agreement on the five main objectives put forward by the Commission .
Our objectives are having a catalysing effect .
I said 'progress' , bearing in mind the positions of the Council and Parliament only six months ago .
I think it would be very difficult to explain to our partners in the G20 that we , who were the first to start this process , are not able to be the first to conclude it