task is enormously important for democracy and , at present , the information budget in the EU is approximately a quarter of a euro per person per year .
I have many people to thank for assisting in the preparation of this report : officials of the Commission , Parliament and the Council , many experts and a large number of NGOs but , first and foremost of course , my colleagues in the Interinstitutional Group on Information and in the Committee on Culture , Youth , Education , the Media and Sport .
( DA ) Mr President , on behalf of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs , I too should like to thank Mr Färm and Mr Stenmarck for their work and willingness to cooperate .
Those of us in the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs are somewhat concerned to see the 2002 budget for our area down by 10 % on that for 2001 .
We have noted that the Commission has this year attached importance to improving health and safety in the workplace , and we should like to see this too reflected in the budget for 2003 .
With regard to enlargement , it is important for us also to create funds for developing the social dialogue , or cooperation between the two sides of industry , in the candidate countries .
This too is a high-priority area for the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs .
We have four agencies , whose work we follow closely in the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs , and we think it important to remember that the agencies are different and should be treated differently .
Enlargement will also be of significance to how they develop , and the agencies ' tasks will change .
It is important that the agencies should be treated individually and not all lumped together .
Finally , it is our view that we should attach importance to how the individual budget items are used , and there are some areas in which the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs will monitor carefully whether the Commission is seeing that matters are implemented .
- ( DA ) We have voted against the report on the grounds that we are concerned here with a regulation and not a directive .
Mr President , I should like to begin with a comment on the Rules of Procedure , and I assume that the time it takes will not be deducted from my speaking time .
I think we should try something new in Parliament today .
I propose this in the light of two factors .
The second factor is Rule 121 , paragraph 4 of the Rules of Procedure .
I was told flatly it was not , but I want to ask permission to do what I propose , given that there is nothing in the Rules of Procedure to prevent such a procedure .
I am now , then , embarking upon my speaking time .
As has been discussed , there are many misunderstandings as to who is affected by this directive .
We know that noise can have incredibly harmful effects .
The possible effects of noise are very well documented .
I believe that combating noise in the workplace is the best thing we can do to prevent injury at work and to prevent employees being permanently excluded from the labour market .
We also know that the existing noise directive from 1996 is out of date and does not provide employees with sufficient protection .
It is an important step that such a common minimum level should be established for the whole of the EU.
The biggest improvement can be achieved if we set great store by the preventive strategy , and I believe that that is a right and proper principle .
This is a much discussed subject in connection with which the Group of the Party of European Socialists has entered into a compromise , by which we stand , with the Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party and the Group of the European People 's Party and European Democrats .
This is a new development , and I would ask the public to note the fact .
We support the compromise proposal because it has been important to us to avoid having the common position rejected in the European Parliament .
And , as we heard , there was a real risk of that happening .
We have therefore accepted the compromise , and that of course also shows that we have been incredibly sympathetic to what the music and entertainment industry has told us in connection with this matter .
By that , I mean in fact that some MEPs have not been critical enough of what the industry has said .
I have been accused of wanting to close down the whole of the pop industry in Great Britain and of wanting to prohibit the bagpipes in Scotland .
Naturally , we must listen to what society around us says , but that does not mean we simply have to roll over .
I am in actual fact extremely satisfied with it .
The Commission will subsequently assess whether it is necessary to exempt the industry from the directive or to regulate it in some other way .
I believe this compromise proposal will make it clear how much exaggeration there has been in this matter and also make it clear that even people in the music industry are very seriously affected by the damage to their hearing that we are in actual fact trying to combat .
Finally , I wish to emphasise that I should like to have seen us achieve more in terms of improving workers ' protection .
I urge all my fellow MEPs to support the proposals now tabled by the committee , together with the compromise proposal