my view , is the main security problem facing the Europeans .
It is a threat we have to face in addition to the threat from the nationalist terrorism of ETA , which is weaker than ever , it is true , but which still has the capacity to kill .
I wonder , ladies and gentlemen , whether the time has come , if such a case arises , for a State to be penalised for endangering the security of its neighbours by not applying common rules in the fight against terrorism .
I know you are not guilty of this , and I would like to say that , as a result of your tenacity , your work and your intelligence , many European citizens , many of my neighbours , have felt freer .     Mr President , Mr Vitorino , in this new phase of the Union , the area of freedom , security and justice must be strengthened in order to achieve greater efficiency and legitimacy in view of the new challenges facing us , which in some cases are genuine , acute , proven , dormant or latent threats to our fundamental values .
I am delighted at the level of agreement between the Council and Parliament , despite the reservations on the competences of the Court of Justice .
To this end , we must consider the possibility of broadening the preferential margin .
I would like to end my speech , Mr President , by highlighting the presence here today of Commissioner Lamy , which is an example – perhaps the last example – of his excellent willingness to cooperate with this House .
I will end , Mr President , by saying that we support the joint resolution presented today as a joint compromise amongst the different political groups putting their signature to it , which has meant everybody giving ground for the sake of consensus .
As a member of Parliament 's Committee on Culture and Education , I see sport as an instrument for educating people and I sincerely believe in the values that should be communicated through sport .
Millions of Spaniards directly or indirectly suffered from its tragic effects .
I can assure you that the Guernica Statute is the best framework for creating trust , well-being , development and freedom in the Basque Country .
Nevertheless , the need for structural reforms must not become distorted through erroneous signals ; the link between weak economic activity and low working time must therefore be excluded from the resolution .
Why are we not growing ?
Macroeconomic stability , healthy macroeconomic policies , the independence of the European Central Bank , are necessary conditions , but they are not sufficient .
But as we discussed here last month , the Pact is in force ; the European Constitution has just ratified the broad stability objectives in terms of deficit and debt , the framework for economic governance is still the one decided upon at the beginning of Economic and Monetary Union .
I would like to point out that he forgot to mention that , following a quarter of a century with this Statute in place , 37 transfers remain outstanding and we are talking about an Organic Law of the Spanish State which has not been fully complied with .     Mr President , I would like to congratulate the Basque Parliament on what happened 25 years ago , regardless of the course that Statute has taken , which I believe has been highly satisfactory .
Its impact on the economy is largely due to the marked rise of recent months , since , if we take account of the evolution of the euro-dollar exchange rate and inflation , the current level of real prices , in euros , is comparable to that of 2000 .
We are not , therefore , expecting this level of 50 dollars to be maintained , but rather we expect it to decrease gradually .
The Commission is perfectly aware of the specific difficulties that arise in these sectors as a result of increased fuel prices .
In particular – and the Commissioner has mentioned this – the consequences for the fisheries sector are extremely serious , and neither the Community institutions nor certain Member States , including my own , I regret to say , are taking any measures .
Furthermore , however , we need urgent measures for supporting the sector until that instrument becomes part of Community legislation ; and we propose that these measures include the granting of low-interest or zero-interest loans and setting a maximum price , compensation in line with the real price by means of financial measures and temporary reductions in social and fiscal burdens .     Mr President , what I have noted today in this House , in particular , is the absence of the Commissioner responsible for the two sectors – agriculture and fisheries – who should be taking the initiative to propose measures to alleviate the negative impact of the rise in oil prices on two sectors which are unquestionably his responsibility .
If we consider a case I know well – that of Spain – this rise has led to very great losses for producers and no national compensation measures have been put in place to alleviate them in good time .
Secondly , I believe we must be prudent when assessing the possible evolution of the oil price , by making judgments on what that evolution may be .
According to which rules and within which framework should we deal with this distribution of efforts or this particularly intense compensation in the sectors most suffering as a result of the rise in oil prices ?
