On the other , we , too , agree that intervention is essential when human rights are being violated .
When this Parliament debates such a matter in such an unsupported manner it undermines its own credibility .
Essentially you are undermining this Parliament 's credibility , and that is one of the reasons - I am thinking of the previous resolution - why even when it has credibility and a well-documented case it is not taken seriously .
No one attaches importance to this Parliament , because with manoeuvres of the sort that brought this resolution on Turkmenistan into being it surrenders all credibility and its opinion ceases to carry weight .
These people have courage as individuals , but collectively they are serving other interests .
Let us look at the situation as it really is .
It is grown elsewhere and passed through there .
Why the price crisis ?
Why are you restricting imports only for the first quarter of 1997 ?
If you have any desire to act like a proper Commission of the Community , like a proper Council , impose measures in favour of the Community 's own producers , in favour of those are struggling to earn a living , and stop throwing them out of work .
We got a picture of the problem , which concerns 50 % or more of the population - and it is the same in Europe if we leave aside the countries of northern Europe where the situation is actually quite good - whose representation is extremely limited .
The European Union is failing to put in place the measures that are needed to improve the environment in which small and medium-sized enterprises function .
The ELISE programme is still being blocked in the Council .
Proper implementation of them could have a positive impact .
The unwarranted exclusion of SMEs from collective bargaining and consultation procedures at the Community level must cease .
We feel obliged to express reservation , Madam President , about the effectiveness of the Union 's policies which , as in the case of the employment problem , are most notable for producing a lot of talk and no practical effect .
The Commission communication on a new maritime strategy is a rather unbalanced text .
Some of the other proposals are also quite worrying .
If all of those ideas are turned into reality , ladies and gentlemen , you can be sure that apart from short distance ships and the ferries there will not be a single European ship left on the Community registers .
In the motion for a resolution that we are considering the Committee on Transport commends and endorses whatever is good in the Commission communication .
The European Union has a duty , on the basis of its legal commitments and , above all , morally and for the sake of fairness , to make a determined and sensitive effort to strengthen the legal , political and economic measures which are designed to reduce regional disparities and to compensate for the disadvantages that stem from the wide geographical dispersion and remoteness of its ultra-peripheral regions .
We are looking for regions of this sort in the Indian Ocean , as has been said , and in other faraway oceans , whose only connection with Europe is that they were once bound by colonial ties .
Therefore , we are requesting , with this report , not the introduction or the incorporation of a policy - which is why we are not putting down an amendment , and , anyway , the Commissioner is here listening - but rather that the policy be extended to those island which are losing their populations and being blighted by Turkish expansionism which is holding back development of the tourism that is the only livelihood that the people there have to rely on .
It is clear that we must debate it with a sense of particular responsibility , because whether we like it or not , there are forces which deliberately or carelessly always wish to slander collective bodies such as Parliament , and their members such as our own membership , by alleging that in one way or another they are bribed , financed or influenced by organized interests .
That must be repudiated in a categorical and secure way .
The first is that we are defending certain lobbies that speak for special interests which are clearly economic and commercial .
This , then , is a form of unequal treatment .
The problem is not whether or not I declare it .
This exactly is its point : what kind of assistance can Members ask for from lobbies or anybody else ?
If its meaning is not clear , then I declare that I will withdraw it .
Very often , they have documents to hand which take a long time to get to us .
Of course , we are all aware that the effort being made with this report by Mr Ford will not deal effectively with the problem and create conditions of absolute transparency , something which I think all of us here want .
When , as Members of Parliament , we put certain matters to the Bureau , the latter should give us an answer , whether positive or negative .
The President of the Delegation said that he would look into the matter and let me know .
I therefore told them that again , that was no good .
I think the matter is a personal one , but it is also more general and concerns us all .
Of course , we must stress and not overlook the great contribution of radiodiagnostic methods to the progress of medicine .
That directive needs to be updated for many reasons , the most important among which are : a) The considerable scientific and technical progress in the field