Of course , the Council shares the concerns expressed by the honourable Member as regards fire safety in hotels and the need to adopt effective measures in order to conform to Council Recommendation 86/666/EEC .
As one of the major beneficiaries of Community aid in South America , Bolivia has received more than EUR 500 million since 1976 .
The European Union welcomes the commitment made by the Bolivian Government to combat corruption and intends to stress the importance of swiftly approving anti-corruption legislation and of more effective application of the current legislation .
We believe that in-depth study of these issues  – and thus tackling the roots of the problem  – will allow us to understand better how to act with a policy guideline which has yielded good results in other situations and which we believe can be a useful instrument as regards the situation in Bolivia too .
The Commission maintains that we must not copy the United States .
A swift decision is therefore needed by the SIS centre on the location , if possible the definitive location .
Commissioner , I do not know if I am particularly inattentive or incompetent on this subject , but I have not yet succeeded in finding a source , a document , which indicates what data has been transferred , how , where and according to what rules .
I have calculated that , every year , with this programme for women five thousandths of a euro is spent every day  – not EUR 5 but five thousandths of a euro  for each woman : that is a very small amount .
Look around you : what progress have women made in political life , in employment , in social life ?
Women must have political power too , in addition to reigning over our homes .     Mr President , considering that , in the Joint Statement on the EU-Russia summit , the versions are not compatible in that they contain different translations  – the official version is the English one , which says ‘President of the European Council’ , whilst the French and Portuguese versions say ‘Italian President of the Council’  – and , given the fact that the other versions could presumably contain the same error  – and thatthe two definitions make the provisions below the aforementioned paragraph meaningless , I would like to ask whether , before proceeding to the vote , it would be possible to have all the versions brought into line , or , if not , if the vote on this resolution can be postponed to the next part-session in Brussels .     Mr President , I would just like to know which version will be given to the press .
I would like to add , Mr President , that , consistently with the institutional vote , I will abstain today .
It began by stressing how the European Parliament , exactly as it is doing today , has often drawn attention to the importance , as regards information and communication policy , of these networks created in more or less all the Member States .
I would like , however , to stress the need for an immediate reply to the queries contained in the written question .
This is an established fact , which should be clarified .
I would ask you to avail yourself of your rights and demand an explanation from the Commission during the current part-session , or to ensure that a debate can be launched on the matter during the next part-session in December .     .
I believe I can safely say that many of the Presidency’s proposals have been welcomed with broad appreciation , which has allowed us to bring the positions of Member States closer together with due regard for the overall balance of the Convention’s draft .
The following are issues that will require further debate : the persisting divergence between the countries intending not to make concessions as regards abandoning unanimity voting in matters such as foreign policy , taxation and social security and the Member States that consider the phasing-in of qualified-majority voting in those areas a key element of the future Constitutional Treaty ; the manifold , and often divergent , requests of Member States for changes to the provisions concerning the budget , the multiannual financial framework , own resources and economic governance .
The debate on the institutional framework of the future Union has confirmed that this remains the most sensitive subject in the entire negotiations .
The reactions to the Presidency’s proposal on an EU Minister for Foreign Affairs  – aimed at clarifying several specific aspects of the functioning of the ‘double hat ’ formula with due regard for the spirit of the Convention’s draft – have confirmed that the arrangement we have chosen is the only feasible one .
In the face of positions which still differ widely , we will need clear thinking and farsightedness .
Anyone who wishes to do so will have to stand accountable before the European partners , before their citizens and before the history of the integration process .
From a different and more general standpoint , but still in the context of consolidating the cohesion of the internal market and boosting growth , the Italian Presidency also nurtures strong hopes that the European Council will accept the political agreement achieved by the Transport Council on the Commission ’s proposal regarding the review of the TENs – which , as you will remember , provides the basic structure for the initiatives for the completion of the infrastructure network of the enlarged Europe  – in consideration , not least , of the recent decisions on the increase in EU subsidies from 10 % to 20 % for projects on cross-border stretches .
In this regard , I wish to underline , in particular , that the European Parliament , too , will be required to express its