as to the time allotted and how many questions can be answered in that time , because we cannot oblige a Member to stay in the Chamber all this time and then not have the satisfaction of receiving an immediate , direct reply from the competent Commissioner .
Thirdly , I hope that we can really succeed in approving the financial perspective up to 2013 by June , so that the resources can be used to the full from the very beginning of the period in question .
I say more ambitious , but that does not mean less rigorous , just more mindful of the strategic needs of our Union .
The word ‘reprogramming ’ means using funds that had already been allocated to aid , and so I call for all the EUR 350 million for the first stage of reconstruction to be a new appropriation and for the total of EUR 1.5 billion that is to be paid out by the European Union and the 25 Member States to be donated without any kind of interest .
Where was the European civil protection mentioned in the action plan drawn up in 1999 ?
When the elderly are injured in road accidents , they do not receive compensation because they cannot earn an income on account of their age .
Such elements make the whole reconstruction effort highly problematic , yet I have heard very little said about them , especially in public speeches .
Their absence allowed people to be buried in mass graves , making it difficult , if not impossible , to identify the bodies of the missing Europeans .
We have to move on urgently from words to deeds , cancelling the debts of all poor countries , opening our markets to trade with those countries , allocating 0.39 % of Europe’s GIP to development aid by 2006 – in line with the moral commitment we accepted at Monterey – and , lastly , establishing a levy on international transactions to finance development and thus to meet the Millennium Objectives .     – Mr President , we want Europe to be a friend of the United States .
Europe should therefore be itself , united and true to its principles .
That is an appropriate , necessary and urgent commitment .     – Madam President , Commissioner , I shall first address the Council , because we have in fact just heard that the Paris Club decided a couple of hours ago to freeze the debt of certain countries affected by the tsunami .
I will make just two comments about the culture that your report expresses .
The discrimination happened right here in Parliament .
We are therefore delighted that the G7 has decided on a moratorium on debt repayments for the disaster-hit countries ; we accept the decision to entrust coordination of the aid and the reconstruction of the affected areas to the United Nations , despite its poor record in the past ; and we call on the European Union to equip itself with a civil protection structure that will 1. coordinate the national civil protection efforts , 2. harmonise the national regulations , and 3. establish a permanent European structure .
We ask that the funds allocated by the Union for reconstruction should not be taken from the budget headings for the development of the poorest countries and that a Commission representative should report back to Parliament regularly on how the funds allocated by the Union have been used .     – Mr President , I am speaking on behalf of the new Italian Socialist Party .
The recommendations that the European Council made in December , which are in line with this approach , therefore need to be put into practice very soon .     Mr President , I only wish to say that Baroness Ludford was right and that her interpretation was correct .
We are proud of our language : our Dante Alighieri is the envy of all .
Implementing such a principle of mutual recognition , however , requires a high level of mutual trust : there can be no mutual recognition without mutual trust among the judiciaries , the courts and the legal systems of the Member States .
We therefore intend to work along the lines suggested in Mr Costa’s report .
That case showed how poorly the exchange of information between Member States on people’s criminal records was working .
As you all know , we have adopted a White Paper which proposes a rather more effective information exchange mechanism .
In fact , such sharing was already provided for in the 1959 Convention .
I therefore agree with this work in progress , which is to be put into effect while we await the decisions that will be coming in the White Paper , just as I also agree with the principles that you have just enumerated , Commissioner .
Similarly , we believe you are right to say that the independence of the judiciary must be respected , but we would also like to know what the Commission proposes to do when even members of the government in a particular Member State do not respect the judiciary and go so far as to make a mockery of it in the courts themselves .
It is a very serious matter , and I feel it is my duty to condemn it .     – Mr President , Mr  Frattini , ladies and gentlemen , I do not wish to add anything to the reports by Mr Di Pietro and Mr Costa , with which I am in absolute agreement .
Something that might have been just serious until yesterday is , you will agree , an absolute paradox today .     . – Mr President , I am grateful to the rapporteurs and the Members who have spoken , even for calling on the Commission to act and to act quickly