I should like to highlight the rapporteur ' s comments about Article 127 of the Treaty , which lays down clear rules , which apply to both competition and social legislation , specifically on informing and consulting workers .
Yet , they are stuck in the position of not even being able to return home .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , this report is the result of a major piece of work undertaken by the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs , coordinated by our colleague Mr Menrad , whom I congratulate on the openness he has shown in considering the proposals tabled during the debate , including several from our group , although I personally think that the report could have gone even further .
It is equally important , as the Menrad report states , that companies that do not satisfy workers ' rights regarding their information and consultation and all other aspects of the directive , with the new amendments that we ourselves are proposing , will not only not receive any financial aid from Structural Funds and be obliged to return any Community or national aid that has been granted them , but they will also be excluded from public contracts and subsidies .
Since 1994 , 650 European works councils have been created , in contrast to the 40 or so that existed in the past .
The provisions relating to the protection and rights of workers ' representatives , who are freely elected by the workers , should be strengthened and there should be a balanced representation between men and women .
For this reason in principle we support , without writing a blank cheque , of course , the initiative for the reform of the Commission .
And how can we prevent this polarity from taking on the form of national considerations , the defence of national interests , in opposition to the actual purpose of the Commission , which is responsible for protecting European interests ?
( PT ) As we all know , this proposal for a directive has been under discussion since 1970 and , despite the very basic agreement concluded at the Nice European Council , with the creation of a regulation on the statute and a proposal on the involvement of workers , the first step was nevertheless taken to make the European Company a legal entity .
Nonetheless , the aim of the regulation is to serve the huge multinationals and the interests of UNICE [ Union of Industrial and Employers ' Confederations of Europe ] .
We all share the conviction that failure in this area would damage the project of enlargement for many years to come .
Tangible proof of this is the agreement reached by all the political parties represented in the Hungarian Parliament in favour of accession and by the consensus obtained on first holding a referendum on this decisive step for their shared future .
Gross domestic product growth stands at around 6 % and exports continue to perform very well , as does investment in housing .
Some of these measures are already in place .
In this regard , I must once again repeat what is stated in the report , which is that the Commission must provide an assessment of this type of law in terms of its compatibility with the Community acquis .
These countries hope that enlargement will strengthen Europe and will be fair and , unless this happens , they will feel cheated .
Some Members have recommended today , in this part-session , that the ten applicant countries should join the European Union by 2004 .
This is the problem .
It is true that the agreement is less ambitious that we had hoped and was drawn up mainly at the expense of concessions made in negotiations by the European Union .
In this economy , a ton of coal has a set price and carbon dioxide emissions represent a cost that must be factored into the overall costs of all products and into the annual financial statements of all companies .
The Bonn conference thereby demonstrated , for the first time , that those who have moved quickly and effectively to promote the advantages of globalisation are also able to act to minimise the harmful effects of that same globalisation .
Dissatisfaction is also growing , however , with regard to the transport available to us and with the conditions in which they are provided .
Passengers must know in advance and be able to compare the conditions that the transport offers them .
It also makes another good point that should be highlighted : the Commission ' s cultural policy , specifically in its implementation of the Culture 2000 framework programme , should prevent a degree of fluctuation in the criteria for the selection of candidates .
We should not forget that we are talking about a European cultural policy and not about national policies .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I wish to make five brief observations .
This is a commercial risk , which compromises the concept of fair trade , but also presents a risk for civil liberties .
Europe and the United States must cooperate fairly - and I mean fairly - for the sake of the common values that they most definitely share .
Madam President , for reasons that are sometimes hard to admit , Europe is helpless in the face of terrorism .
Freedom is guaranteed in constitutional States , which , today , all Member States of the European Community , fortunately , are .
This increase demonstrates that traditional methods of judicial and police cooperation are inadequate , particularly if we take account of the fact that new forms of terrorism are continually arising , such as computer or environmental terrorism .
The report we are now debating warrants our support , particularly because it advocates the approximation and harmonisation of the legislation