Mr President , may I too start by congratulating the European Ombudsman on what is indeed a valuable job extremely well done , before commenting on the excellent report by my honourable friend , Mr Koukiadis , and drawing the House 's attention in particular to two points which , in my view , should be included in the Treaties on the occasion of the Convention .
As we all know , nothing affects or upsets national and local authorities more than their illegal acts or omissions or even their indifference towards their citizens being publicly exposed .
That is why I believe we should find ways of preventing damage pending a final decision by the European Court , where a petition has been referred to it .
As you know , temporary prohibitory or mandatory injunctions can be issued under national legislation , preventing damaging activities from starting or continuing until a decision is taken on whether or not they are legal .
It cannot be restored .
It is infuriating to hear claims that capitalist globalisation will work to the benefit of poor countries , given that the unrelenting terms on which international capitalist trade is conducted do absolutely nothing to improve the life of the people on this planet .
We shall vote against the resolution in protest against those paving the way for even greater exploitation of the masses .
Thus , having adopted a bill granting immunity to American personnel , even if they commit war crimes or genocide , it is now coercing various countries into signing bilateral agreements containing immunity clauses .
In view of the foregoing , as members of the Communist Party of Greece , we consider that the ? U 's interest in the ICC , as expressed in the resolution put to the vote , is hypocritical and is just part of the game of standoff between the imperialist powers as they squabble over the spoils and we shall not be voting in favour of it .
The report points the way for ? U action : closer collaboration with the USA and stronger trans-Atlantic relations .
The objections expressed so far to the EU 's again becoming involved in an attack on Iraq are objections by imperialist interests and hence objections to the unilateral nature of the action by the USA rather than the war itself .
We are fighting alongside the people of Europe to put a stop to more imperialist wars .
The question of the International Criminal Court on War Crimes and Crimes against Humanity did not , I think , receive the best attentions of the Council of the European Union .
We must not rock this boat under any circumstances , because finding a new legal order to underpin international relations will not be an easy or straightforward matter .
Nonetheless , we must admit that , as the European Union , we ought to be independent when it comes to certain decisions with crucial international implications .
Finally , let us not forget the millions who are suffering , let us not forget the children who are dying and let us not forget that we , the European Union , must not be inhumane .
Basically , the objective of the action plan is to remove obstacles to living , working and studying between one Member State and another .
The objective is not , by any stretch of the imagination , to make mobility compulsory ; it is to put conditions in place which make it easier for anyone who so wishes to move within the European Union .
The action plan contains a series of specific targets which will be used to evaluate its success over coming years and we shall , of course , need a number of indicators in order to assess its progress .
As a result of the initiative by the Commission and the Member States , the Council will issue a resolution on 12 November on reinforcing cooperation in the field of vocational training .
More specifically , especially on the matters addressed by Mrs Bastos , there are already plans to set up a website containing information on job mobility by the end of the year , so that European citizens can obtain information on the European job market and a number of other areas to do with mobility .
I should also like to mention two horizontal issues .
The action plan for skills and mobility is a very complicated and ambitious plan containing a whole host of measures which , if they are to be implemented , require very close collaboration between the European institutions and the social factors and social partners .
I especially appreciated the rapporteur 's spirit of collaboration and his comments on our annual report and would point out that the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs found the European Commission 's report to be detailed and that the Commission had responded to the European Parliament 's request for the report to be presented earlier .
As far as the provision of information is concerned , although completing formal procedures is time-consuming , the European Commission has continued to apply its practice of updating the rapporteur at regular intervals before completing the official procedure .
It has managed to commit all the available funds in thirteen Member States .
I should point out that the European Investment Fund has always endeavoured to channel funding to countries where there is little demand .
The survival of programmes which benefit small and medium-sized enterprises is guaranteed under the multiannual programme on enterprise and entrepreneurship , which is now also open to candidate countries .
Of course , when part of the risk is underwritten by public-sector bodies , there is still a chance that banks will offer loans to small and medium-sized enterprises .
This being so , the Commission agrees