I hope that this will apply to ten countries ; but I will not compromise on this fundamental requirement .
Secondly , no country shall have to wait for others .
If only some of the countries - and not all ten countries - are ready by December , we in Copenhagen must conclude the negotiations with those that are ready , and no country which is ready should have to wait for a country that is not ready .
Experience suggests that the EU is best at handling one major task at a time .
New tasks will then be pressing .
In 2004 we will have the Intergovernmental Conference and the elections to the European Parliament , and in 2005 and 2006 we are to specify the frameworks for the next budget period .
We have a moral and historic duty to achieve a good and positive result .
Firstly , there is the question of funding .
This applies in particular to the negotiations concerning agriculture , structural funds and budgets .
In my opinion the Commission has submitted a well-balanced and reasonable proposal .
At the same time , the candidate countries are suggesting that the proposal is insufficient .
At the summit in Seville we approved an ambitious timetable .
The Danish Presidency will stick to this ambitious timetable .
Cyprus is doing well in the accession negotiations ; it is one of the countries that have closed the most negotiation chapters - 28 out of 31 - and as a candidate country Cyprus has a right to become a member when the country is ready .
The European Council in Helsinki concluded that a solution to this problem would be advantageous for , but not a condition of , Cyprus 's accession to the EU.
The Danish Presidency will continue the work on this basis and I would like to stress that everyone involved - on both sides - should do their utmost to find a solution as quickly as possible .
Thirdly , the Irish referendum on the Nice Treaty represents an unknown factor .
Approval of the Nice Treaty is essential if the enlargement is to be able to be implemented within the time frames set .
Another 'no ' vote in Ireland would jeopardise the entire process .
A clear and positive message has been sent from Europe to the Irish people .
A good starting point has been created .
Ten years of negotiations , ten years of hard work that has borne fruit , ten years of expectations that we cannot afford to disappoint .
We must keep to the deadlines that we have set ourselves .
Over forty years of communist rule in Central and Eastern Europe have resulted in an unfortunate and artificial division of Europe .
It is this dark chapter in the history of Europe that we now have opportunity to end .
The time for speech-making has passed .
It is now that we must deliver on our promises .
One Europe as a framework for future cooperation that benefits everyone .
The Danish Presidency will do its utmost to honour this and the other tasks with which we have been entrusted .
After the Second World War , great Europeans such as Schuman , Monnet and Spinelli created the vision of a Europe without war , a Europe united in cooperation .
Enlargement of the EU is an opportunity to extend the freedom , peace , stability and prosperity that we ourselves know to include the countries of the East as well .
We must not get bogged down in details ; we must have the courage and the will to persist in the historic vision and task ahead of us .
I appeal to everyone to see the enlargement of the EU in this historic perspective .
I call upon everyone to seize this historic opportunity to reunite a Europe that was previously divided .
Thank you , Mr President .
Mr President , I would like to welcome my fellow-countryman and the Danish Presidency .
Whilst we are well aware that we should have got the work on the economic aspects of enlargement finished back in Amsterdam and got the great battle over agricultural policy and structural funds out of the way , it is now too late to make these matters obstacles to enlargement 's taking place .
I would like to give my support to the maintenance of this policy .
I come from a country in which racism and such matters are viewed differently .
You can be prosecuted for saying that in Denmark .
We apply a slightly different definition of racism and such matters than is used in the UN and in the EU and , in reality , by most Danish citizens when talking among friends .
Denmark is also a country in which people have a very special way of looking at aid to developing countries .
It is also a country which attaches a great deal of importance to transatlantic links .
Is it an expression of common interests to cooperate with a country that refuses to recognise the International Criminal Court and to cooperate closely with a country that refuses to sign the Kyoto Protocol ?
Many Members of the European Parliament can remember when the Danish minister , Mr Haarder was an MEP and the spokesman for human rights .
We would rather have had you as an MEP , Mr Haarder , to be frank , and I would call upon the government to re-read the speech that Mr Haarder gave when he was the spokesman for human rights in Parliament .
The Danish Presidency will naturally be led with all the professionalism that Denmark can muster ; but that is not the same as saying that the Danish Government 's very ambitious programme for rapid enlargement to the east will succeed , since this depends after all not just on how good the presidency