I came back to the Parliament building , where I had a very kind reception ; about that I have no complaints .
I have sustained enormous loss , and I now want to ask you to ensure first of all that , in any such situation an international call can be made from the exits to the Parliament building if an MEP wishes to do so , and that assistance is available in getting to the police station , for I could have been a Dane with absolutely no knowledge of Dutch or a citizen of any other country .
Jacques Chirac even managed to describe the forthcoming referendum in Taiwan as an act of aggression against China .
I shall also be putting forward arguments as to why this is the case .
I am pleased that he wanted to approach me , but I am doing no deals by the by , especially as that would mean bypassing the problems that exist .
That is certainly going a long way .
That , of course , becomes very tiresome , especially for those participants in the debate who do not originate from that country .
That is , at the moment , still inadequately expressed in our report and it is certainly inadequately expressed in what the Commission is saying .
Then we will , in any case , have all the Member States behind us – with the exception of the United Kingdom , but including , I am sure , the Member States in Eastern Europe .
I wonder whether the sound results which we have already achieved in the joint working party , and which are reflected , among others , in the report on child soldiers , can be repeated shortly in our general assembly , where the tone of discussion has picked up a great deal , even though I still sometimes miss the ACP 's equal participation .
When I visit Africa , I am often embarrassed on their behalf about their unethical behaviour , by the way , for example , in which the Zambian copper sector , with the closure of the mines , has dragged along with it an entire social fabric , an economic fabric which has shattered an entire country .
With regard to the reform of state-owned undertakings , the Commission and the Modrow report are less convincing .
These fall outside the remit of technical support and European development cooperation .
There appears to be a gradually growing consensus that governments alone will not bring universal happiness , and we have allowed free initiative to play a role .
One of the Commission 's most important conclusions with regard to the fight against FMD was that the external borders have to be protected .
This weekend , there were rumours in the Dutch press that chicken meat from those countries would enter the European Union after all via a side entrance , namely via the new acceding countries .
I gather that there are indeed certain plans afoot , but what is the situation as regards human health ?
I need to get something else off my chest .
This means that the system governing the Commission ’s relations with the Member States – after all , you cannot always do everything – probably still leaves something to be desired .
They also want sound information , which states that , since you normally do not eat raw meat , chicken meat in a different composition or other method of preparation can do no harm .
That is at the moment the only way of warding off this crisis .
The Commission was at liberty to decline that wish of Parliament .
This is out of all proportion .
In his report , Mr Garot was right to point out that , in the final analysis , all these fine words are not worth the paper they are written on if we do not guarantee a reasonable income for the farmer .
It is not easy to interpret the statistical income data .
The WTO Summit in Cancun has failed .
I regret that in this resolution , Mr Garot is already working towards another reform : the reform of decoupled support to a form of rural policy .
Generally high development costs and low profit expectations have meant those sectors did not initially appeal to foreign private companies .
They do not have to fight a lie but a half-truth .
In this respect , I should really like to congratulate the Commission .
The problem , though , is that those very six countries that are fixated on this one per cent also refuse to discuss further reforms with regard to the European budget 's biggest debit item , namely agricultural policy .
Why is there not more funding for rural development ?
This is aimed at Commissioner Schreyer , who wants EU spending to reach up to the ceiling of 1.24 % of the Gross National Product .
The fifty-fifty distribution between old and new Member States , as now proposed by Commissioner Barnier , is a stab in the dark .
As the Commissioner is aware , we in the European Parliament have a meeting planned with a number of organisations as early as the beginning of March .
I was surprised at the Commission proposals with regard to the admission of immigrants to the European Union .
In recent years , there has been much talk of common immigration and asylum policy , and of cooperation in terms of criminal justice and police , but little concrete has come out of this so far .
You will appreciate that this kind of Europe will not enjoy the approval of the majority of its citizens .     – Mr President , despite the many measures which the European Union has taken , ranging from Europol 's competences to