, we see that each tries to make a priority of the issue that is his most pressing concern .
Mr López Aguilar , to answer your second question , yes , we do wish to closely involve Parliament , which is why this will be one of the priorities of the next Commission and something which is already expressed in the constitution , not least because Parliament will have greater powers of decision on this matter .
After all , just like Mr López Aguilar , I believe that we should not view immigration solely through the prism of security .
We therefore advocate new policies on social development and progress .
We nevertheless hope that the Commission will be in a position to respond to our question .
Can the Commission provide further details about the practical aspects and implications of such a mechanism ?
Can the Commission , first and foremost , tell Parliament about this new generation of association agreements ?
Eight years on , we must bow to reality : the stated objectives have completely failed .
That being said , the role of this Adjustment Fund must be assessed .
In Ireland , it provides an unemployed person with EUR 6 000 of support .
The first is that we need to reach a legally binding agreement .
I believe that the resolution we have adopted here today is not as good - shall we say - as the one that was previously adopted in the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Food Safety .
However , it provides some warnings for the next discharge procedure .
By regulating the use of energy efficient tyres that are safe and have low noise emissions , we are helping both to reduce environmental damage , by lowering fuel consumption , and to increase consumer protection , by means of market competition .
Moreover , labelling will lead to increased competition among manufacturers .
I voted in favour of this report in particular because it contributes to two essential points : improving the information available , which facilitates a more environmentally friendly choice of tyres , and the fact that , by making such a choice , we will be contributing to greater energy efficiency , given that tyres are responsible for 20 to 30 % of the total energy use of vehicles .
However , the question asked by Mrs Berès highlights that there is a situation that should be clarified by the European Commission .
The cases described in Mr Böge 's report are once again worthy of consideration , although some doubts remain as regards knowing if everyone really will qualify .
Moreover , the European Social Fund ( ESF ) supports the European Employment Strategy and the policies of Member States on full employment , quality and productivity at work , promotes social inclusion , particularly access to employment for disadvantaged people , and reduces employment inequalities at national , regional and local levels .
This support is fundamental for helping the unemployed and victims of the relocations that have occurred as a result of globalisation .
The Treaty of Lisbon makes the international fight against climate change a specific objective of EU environmental policy .
I believe that the significant stepping up of Parliament 's powers , which calls on all MEPs to tackle new challenges , is an important test of its ability to propose legislation and of its sense of responsibility .
Future cooperation with national parliaments is also important here .
Some amendments are purely technical in nature and others concern updates that Parliament has taken the opportunity to implement on this occasion .
It is crucial that the Copenhagen conference results in a politically binding agreement .
It is also crucial that we define the structure of the funding so that this will be sustainable in the medium and long term .
In my view , the idea of a tax on international financial transactions as a solution to fund adaptation to climate change and mitigation of its effects by developing countries is not appropriate , given that it will be at the expense of the economy ( particularly in crisis situations such as the one we are currently experiencing ) , trade and wealth creation .
In this regard , I have tabled an amendment to Parliament 's resolution on this matter , requesting an international set of sanctions to be included in the final text .
I hope that the President of the United States , Barack Obama , will show that he deserved the Nobel Peace Prize , because combating climate change will contribute to peace and happiness for all nations .
As a result , this capacity - which is what guarantees life on Earth as we know it - is at risk of ending up in the hands of the very corporations that are defiling the planet , its natural resources and the climate .
Fighting discrimination is vital , whether on grounds of gender , sexual orientation , age , disability , religious affiliation , colour , descent and national or ethnic origin , as is fighting racism , anti-Semitism , xenophobia , homophobia and violence .
It has been common practice in this Parliament to promote divisive issues , which go far beyond the competences of the European Union , by including them in texts on broader issues that would normally warrant widespread support .
The majority in Parliament has approved the main thrust of the European Commission 's proposal for the so-called Stockholm Programme , which is a powerful attack on such a key element of Member States ' sovereignty as justice .
The effort , which is also a result of the new reality of the Treaty of Lisbon , would lead you to expect a responsible discussion about the essential points of an area of freedom , security and justice serving the citizen