I should like to go further on this point .
Within the space of six months Parliament had an opinion ready on the Commission 's proposal , an opinion that can be summarised as follows : more quality for the cultural programme , greater transparency in the selection of candidate cities and , finally , more money for those cities which are finally designated , with Parliament doing more in its role as co-decision-maker at every stage .
What we want to see - and that is the objective - is a greater guarantee of quality .
We can add to this the benefits of decision by qualified majority , as the Commission proposed for this subject , as opposed to the unanimity procedure currently being applied by the Council .
Mr President , Estonia occupies a rather special place amongst the three Baltic States .
The Europe Agreement with Estonia states that competition legislation must be completed no later than the end of 1997 .
The reason these measures still apply is that there are still great differences in the provisions regarding state aid on the two sides .
These measures must also be brought into line by the end of 1999 .
The direct criteria for accession are clearly stated in the Europe Agreements .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I should first like to congratulate the various rapporteurs on their reports .
Moreover , their competition and legal systems are not yet ready to incorporate the acquis communautaire fully .
Nevertheless , the rapporteur still feels that the Union has certain responsibilities here .
What is vital is education , as the rapporteur has indeed recognised , not only for boys but first and foremost for girls .
The Green Paper - and not a day too soon - calls for a system that is in line with the rules which apply to many other sectors .
Reliable and comparable information .
The sea ports are naturally the most important intersections in these networks .
Ports compete with one another and we must allow the market to do its work .
In order to correct this discrepancy , it is first necessary to conduct a thorough inquiry into the financial structure of Europe 's ports .
I place my trust in market mechanisms to produce efficient ports .
Unlike Mr Wijsenbeek I think it would be a good idea to consider the advantages and disadvantages of cooperation between ports , given world developments .
Particulate matter is a threat to human health .
Regarding the financing of the agriculture dimension of Agenda 2000 , I think it is a good thing to be continuing the trend of recent years .
That seems logical to us .
The Agriculture Committee also thinks that in future too , farmers must be able to get their prices from the market as far as possible .
What , in the view of the Agriculture Committee , should not be in the Guarantee Fund ?
We want to be told straight away , not two years later , if something has been rejected or approved .
I should like to know how Commissioner Fischler sees his proposals in relation to the availability of funds .
Yes to cofinancing , provided it can vary according to region , provided payment by the Member States is compulsory , and provided that Member States which do not do this are penalised by Brussels .
But policy must continue to be set in Brussels , and there must be equal opportunities for competition throughout the European Union , with no distortion of policy by national rules .
The Brok report was originally scheduled for debate at a different part-session , but the departure of Mr d'Andrea means that it has now been put on the agenda in a very timely way , because this week is dominated by the issue of the European Commission 's accountability to Parliament .
The President of the European Commission does not have to be elected on the basis of a political programme , since the Commission , as I say , is the executive arm of the Council and Parliament .
We back the rapporteur 's call for various Member States of the European Union to recognise and comply with labour standards .
The adopting of this resolution will be a significant step towards an ethical system of trade .
Mr President , Commissioner , Parliament deserves no bouquets for its failure to reach a compromise on a number of dossiers .
I do not , I live in the country , but I am well aware that this is so .
There are already rules in Europe on fruit and vegetables , and almost everyone knows what the definition of these is .
But it is important that consumers should have the assurance that there is a specific definition consistent with their expectations , and that producers should know the requirements to which they must produce .
Mrs Theato , for whom I have the utmost respect , refers us to the secretariat of the Committee on Budgetary Control .
Some of it is traditional aid that the Commission has tolerated or even approved up to now , and some is illegal support .
Mr President , in this case my group supports the Commission rather than the rapporteur 's amendments .
I would therefore urge you most strongly to ensure that we receive the proposal in the next few weeks .
In my opinion , the Commission could come up with more than these specific proposals , and then we can show businesses that the European institutions are concerned not just with the problems of the multinationals , but also with the problems of small firms and more besides .
The proposal solves a number of existing problems , but this change to the VAT