We must develop an organisation within the Commission that is going to centre around giving every official clear objectives , giving them the right resources to deliver those objectives .
That includes the all important financial resources , as both Ms Guy-Quint and Mr Pomés Ruiz have emphasised , and empowering them to use those resources accordingly .
They must be given goals to be measured against , but also rewarded in terms of salary and promotion depending on how well they meet those goals .
That is the core of what we are trying to do here .
Those people who progress through the organisation will do so in a structured way with better career planning .
They may expect to move to other European institutions , to be seconded to national governments , or to work in the private sector .
That should become the norm , part of a standard career in the European Commission .
They would also expect during that career to meet with people who are coming in from outside : on a short-term contract ; a specialist , a young person who sees three or four or five years working in the Commission as part of a career plan .
We should be encouraging those people alongside the structured career plan of the permanent service in the Commission .
We expect all this in a modern organisation in future .
The strategy is right but the details have to be right as well to really succeed .
In managing an organisation it is all very well having the rules and regulations in place but there are so many other crucial ingredients : the attitude of the staff , their commitment and support for the plans and their willingness to change .
All of those will be crucial and the involvement of everybody , whether in trade unions or not , will also be absolutely essential .
Leadership from the top will be crucial .
Vice-President Kinnock has tremendous enthusiasm for everything he does .
He has led this process very enthusiastically , but it has to be led from the very top .
I was pleased that all four of us had the opportunity to meet President Prodi recently .
He assured us that he also gave these reforms his full backing .
From the top all of these reforms must cascade down as quickly as possible to give the European Union the powerful Commission that it really needs to deliver its objectives over the next 20 years .
Mr President , can I start off by acknowledging Mr Harbour and the work he has put in to his report .
Like Mr Van Hulten I commend the way he worked with other people and was prepared to take on ideas and submissions from other political groups .
At the same time I thank the Commission and its staff for their support and assistance .
The Harbour report is really only the broad framework , it is basically the bones .
There is still a lot to be done , and I believe that Parliament cannot rest on its laurels .
We have already heard that the Commissioner earlier today launched a series of papers on individual aspects of the report .
Parliament , I understand , will not officially be considering these .
This is a mistake .
For what happens in staff reform in the Commission will ultimately have repercussions for the Parliament and we should not forget that .
I would like to pick up on the some 26 amendments which have been made to the Harbour report .
As you would expect we are supporting Amendments Nos 1 to 6 , submitted by the PSE.
We shall however be withdrawing Amendment No 6 and asking for a split vote on the latter part of Amendment No 15 as we do not believe the current system within the ECB lends itself to this situation .
We would ask that Amendments Nos 20 and 23 be taken as additions , as in Paragraph 10 it would be utter folly to delete the involvement in drawing up the job goals and the personnel development role of the appraisal system .
Amendment No 23 looks like it was an afterthought and while we are not against it , it should not replace the existing Paragraph 22 .
We are supporting Amendments Nos 13 , 14 , 16 and 9 submitted by the PPE.
We are opposing the rest of the amendments as they either add nothing to the report or basically take us off into flights of fantasy .
I would like to say something quickly about change .
Change is never easy .
Many people are resistant to change because of the fear of taking that step into the unknown .
Can I say that as someone who has been an employee of an organisation which downsized without any consultation with the existing staff , I envy the Commission staff .
Can I also say as someone who has been of another organisation who went through a downsizing and was made redundant , I am more than envious of the Commission staff and the way they are working and the Commissioner working with them .
It is not easy being made redundant .
I wish I had been offered the chance of retraining for another job within that organisation .
I want initially to pay credit to Mr Harbour .
I recall what he said about the long gestation period of this work and I would encourage the Commission not to feel that the timetable is an indefinite one .
There has been a vacuum and I would encourage the Commission to feel that its restored sense of self-confidence is important to us here in the Parliament and more importantly to the peoples of Europe .
Could I now draw attention to what Mr Lamassoure said in his explanatory statement about the institutional role of the Commission and particularly