In actual fact , there is more need for a fundamental staffing reform .
Ninety per cent of cases will be disciplinary matters concerning negligence or incompetence .
We need changes to staff regulations and to the disciplinary procedure , as also proposed in the report .
Thank you very much for your answer which , up to a point , contains many of the features I had expected .
What kind of large budget ?
Is it a large EU budget which is being considered ?
I should also like to hear whether it can be imagined continuing with a policy based upon recommendations and exhortations to the euro zone countries .
Is this state of affairs to be accepted in the long term or will the Stability and Growth Pact be followed up and a stable environment ensured for EMU by adopting working methods of a type different from those involving recommendations and exhortations ?
Mr President , there is not very much to thank the Commission for .
It is really quite simple .
It is completely impossible even for organisations with academic employees to find out how extensive the 'acquis ' is , and it is apparently impossible for Mr Vanhengen to give the entire acquis to a Member of the European Parliament who is quite prepared to go through it and distribute the tasks among the different employees in order to see what positions are to be adopted on its various aspects .
Paragraph 14 supports the Stability Pact ' s demand that price stability should always precede employment-related considerations .
Elsewhere , the desire is for higher employment and more democratic influence upon economic policy .
However , inflation should always , of course , be between zero and two per cent .
It is now quite certain , however , that this state of affairs will always be best for all countries at all times .
We have a Central Bank which establishes interest rates on the basis of inflation .
It is worse than the sacred cows in India , yet the report does not protest against this .
Social security arrangements must be critically examined and social expenditure reduced , but savings can also be made on social expenditure by making higher employment the top economic objective .
That is an alternative recipe for economic policy , but one which is contrary to the Treaty .
This would seem to be something which no amount of elections in the Member States or in the EU Parliament can change .
This is absurd .
It runs counter to all experience and is a denial of the principle of democracy which unites our countries and which means that voters can go to the polls and vote in favour of higher employment , even if inflation might , as a result , occasionally rise above the two per cent mark .
The Commission ' s recommendation and report may be evaluated in the light of the euro system ' s most fundamental problems , and these are undeniably major and glaringly apparent .
Among Danes , there is a great deal of scepticism about , and opposition to , the national currency being swallowed up by the euro .
I only have time to mention a couple of points .
Nobel Prize-winner Franco Modigliani points out that , in his view , unemployment has certainly been used by the European Central Bank as an instrument of economic policy designed to control inflation .
The other absolutely crucial point I would mention is directly connected with the subject of the current motion for a resolution : the political weakness of the euro system .
This is the background to the French government ' s proposal that the EU' s euro system should be equipped with a form of proper economic government .
It is these political consequences which are so crucial to the issue of the Danish people ' s consent .
I can predict that the question of whether or not the euro zone is to be enlarged to include Denmark , Sweden and Great Britain will be decided in Denmark in the referendum on 28 September .
If that were to happen , would it not be possible for any minister at all to be able to insist that it be put back on the agenda for the Ecofin meeting ?
The previous speaker ' s intervention was not translated properly because it was delivered too quickly , so I would ask future speakers to speak more slowly so that the interpreters can keep up .
Mr President , it was difficult to follow the previous speaker , who speaks from the heart .
I would also congratulate the rapporteur on a splendid piece of work .
I would especially emphasise four factors which I think are particularly interesting about this directive .
Firstly , we have obtained a broad scope of application and , secondly , the directive covers both direct and indirect discrimination , including malice .
At the same time , a shared burden of proof has been proposed .
Finally , it is also an advantage that this is a minimum directive , so that the Member States have the opportunity to go still further if they consider it right to do so .
In this way , the Commission is going to create a hierarchy of grounds for discrimination , a way of proceeding which I think is totally at odds with the wording , meaning and spirit of Article 13 .
We were delighted to do so , because the European Parliament is hereby complying with its task in connection with implementing Article 13 of the Treaty of Amsterdam .
In our voting , it has therefore been important that Parliament ' s opinion - both the individual points and the opinion as a whole - should have very broad political backing .
These matters continue to be national concerns .
In connection with the debate on the report ,