a crisis as the 1970s .
It is as much a taxpayer ' s crisis as an energy crisis .
It is not acceptable for governments to put the blame on OPEC , on oil companies , on peaceful protesters , on other political parties , or even on the European Union for protests about levels of taxation that are too high .
In the UK, tax takes 75 % or three-quarters of the price of a litre of petrol or diesel and that is the responsibility of the government , no one else .
Energy supply is more elastic than demand .
We learned this in the 1970s , when higher prices brought more oil fields into production yet did not reduce consumption in the transport sector .
High taxation raises revenue , but fails to cut consumption .
Nevertheless , the price increases and the tax protests are timely , to remind us both about our dependence in Europe on imported energy and about the difficulties we face in achieving environmental objectives such as CO2 emission reduction .
If taxation of energy is to be used for pursuing environmental aids , then the policy has to be transparent and consistent so as to carry public opinion with us .
Where policies are perceived as unfair and inconsistent , as in the UK, then protests will enjoy widespread popular support .
To put fuel taxes up so much as to make industry uncompetitive while reducing taxes on domestic household energy consumption , is crazy politics and bad economics .
Let us not be beguiled by arguments about harmonising taxation , because harmonised taxes under socialists have only one way to go and that is up .
That is not what the taxpayers and consumers of Europe want .
Mr President , we have been sleepwalking for decades .
British Conservatives still are but it is time to wake up .
We have two choices .
One is a bad choice and that is to adopt a short-term fix and cut taxes , abdicate our government responsibilities .
We cannot avoid the other choice and the real question which is : How do we use a finite resource when demand is increasing and we have environmental promises ?
The rational choice is to stop the profligate use of petrol and diesel and to change the behaviour of the public and of those involved in transport .
Let us lower and enforce speed limits .
We must lower our dependency on imported petroleum products .
We must adopt alternative fuels - biodiesel , fuel cells , gas and electric cars .
Let us realign the Fifth Frame Work Programme in its mid-term towards much more research into and development of those alternatives .
Let us put more money in the budget , change the decision on programmes like SAVE and Altener .
We do not need a new budget heading .
These heading exist .
Let us put more money in them .
Let us negotiate - but as the European Union - because stability is in the interests not only of oil - importing countries but also of oil - exporting countries .
Good luck , Commissioner , when you go to Luxembourg .
I should very much like to support what Mr Pirker has just said .
As a past Minister for Immigration and Asylum in the United Kingdom , I am well aware that the confusion with regard to determining which country should deal with any particular application has been an immense problem and one that has created a considerable level of friction between Members of the European Union .
Unless it is tackled urgently , it will continue to be an area of friction as we look at the enlargement process .
The Dublin Convention in itself has always been important but it is the flaws in the Dublin Convention and our failure to administer the Dublin Convention properly , which has caused issues to arise which could even threaten the human rights of some of the applicants and individuals concerned .
All the countries that are signatories to the United Nations Convention of 1951 are well aware of the criteria for determining whether someone should be granted the extremely valuable and significant status of a refugee and I hope that nothing we ever do here would affect the right to make an application within those criteria .
However - with new technology , with new travelling arrangements , and indeed with people who want to abuse the system using that technology - it has become more and more difficult for the authorities to treat people in an appropriate and fair manner in handling their cases .
Eurodac has to run hand in hand with the reform of the Dublin Convention and I am somewhat concerned at the attitude that the Council has adopted in the past .
Mr Pirker has spoken of the delays that have occurred and the numerous times that this vital issue has been reconsidered .
My feelings are clear : if the Council wishes to reserve powers to itself when the information from Eurodac should be available to this democratic body , Parliament , then that is unacceptable .
That is all the more reason why we need to treat this matter with urgency , why we need to resolve it , and why Parliament should continue to play a strong role in the future in the superintendence and monitoring of vital issues relating to the granting refugee status to those who might apply .
I fully support Mr Pirker and I hope we make strong moves now to conclude this matter in the interests of everybody .
The ELDR Group fully supports Mr Pirker in his insistence that Article 202 of the Treaty should be followed in its general rule that implementation powers for this regulation should be conferred on the Commission .
