all operations but not individuals , and the Commission is not therefore able to accept a request that individuals or those with responsibility be funded .
As regards the submission of reports , on the issue of Amendment No 39 , the Commission is of the view that it is more correct to continue to act in line with the Williamson declaration and thus the guidelines contained in an existing document .
That is how the main objectives of , the conditions and the criteria applicable to that aid have been defined , to be set under way and put into effect by means of detailed and active coordination between the Commission and the Council .
It is , however , important to remember that development does not consist in economic development only : the UN Conference on the environment and development that took place in Rio in 1992 referred to sustainable development - that is to say development that respects human beings and is in harmony with the environment , with the earth 's system - designed to reconcile population growth , development of the poor countries and respect for the environment .
Therefore , as far as comitology is concerned , the Commission is taking up and supporting Parliament 's amendment , except , clearly , for the part in which the amendment calls for transparency , that is to say making public of the work of the committee : the House will be well aware that that is an interinstitutional operation , and while the Commission is clearly willing to continue to press in that direction , it has also to take account of reality .
Having clarified matters regarding the individual amendments , the Commission wishes to highlight not just the political dimension and nature of this proposal but also to point out that the humanitarian issues and rehabilitation are certainly our responsibility and that it is our duty to tackle them to the best of our ability .
In referring to mine clearance and specific operations in certain areas of the world , it was our intention to provide a definition of our aid and political interest , as , moreover , unanimously expressed by the House last year - something the Commission too was interested to hear .
They are closely connected , because the President knows the mad cow crisis has already resulted in a great deal of unemployment .
The dialogue with the Mediterranean should primarily be a structured political dialogue , not one that is merely based on the exchange of goods .
Another source of deep concern is the fact that the Moroccan government is blocking the United Nations Security Council 's peace process , specifically based on organizing a referendum on self-determination .
Morocco , in particular , like Tunisia , is also a precious area of stability , which contributes significantly to the containment of the violence which is unfortunately still present in Algeria and hence contributes not only to regional but also Mediterranean and European stability .
Mr President , in recent years this Parliament has pressed the governments of the Union to intervene to re-establish peace and respect for human rights in the countries of former Yugoslavia .
So we view with concern any authoritarian drift by the Zagreb government , the unacceptable boycott of the city elections , the fact that it has ignored the 21 commitments made in applying for membership of the Council of Europe , and its lack of cooperation with the Hague International Tribunal .
On the one hand , the decision to approve at the first reading a draft law which forbids Croatian children to go to minority language schools is rightly deplored ; on the other , a few months ago customs relations were opened with Turkey regardless of the fact that the death penalty is in force there , mutilation is permitted , it is compulsory to state one 's religion on the identity card , and in their spare time the Turks bomb the Kurds .
I am grateful to Mr Fassino for his speech , but in the view of all the observers present - before , during and after the elections , and while the votes were being counted - the most elementary rights of the opposition were flouted .
During the count valid ballot papers were declared void .
And I could continue in this vein at length .
I agree with what Mr Oostlander said because in my opinion , in our opinion , it is essential to understand exactly what is going on before making decisions , because it seems to us that some observers mentioned negative factors , others positive .
Without an efficient , accessible and competitive transport system , the European Union as a whole will be unable to pursue its social and economic development in a harmonious and balanced manner .
Here optimum and competitive use of means of transport must be encouraged so as to achieve maximum economic efficiency and minimum environmental impact , especially acoustic and atmospheric , promoting any means of transport with frequently under-utilized or not yet fully exploited capacity .
Actually it is a report about major harmonization of the infrastructure of our European Union , about priority political choices , rules and conduct in the area of transport .
This concern arises from two figures : the funding requirement for the trans-European networks in the period 1994-99 , as set out in the Delors White Paper , is ECU 200 billion , but the resources earmarked for these networks for the same period amount to ECU 1 , 698 million .
Well , I think we need to look at this invitation again with great realism and great honesty , and first set ourselves definite , clear and transparent guidelines .
