the European development model .
In many areas it turns out that participation is no longer taking place in traditional policy areas , but more in non-governmental organisations , citizens ' initiatives and so on .
Today I can tell you that although there was an initial protest about this programme , the Committee on Fisheries can accept the result of the conciliation procedure despite a general disagreement on funding and possible deficiencies with regard to content .
This programme is of the greatest importance to fisheries and aquaculture , especially in the attempts at what is known as the conceptualizing an ecosystem approach to fisheries management , because understanding how environmental changes may affect the marine ecosystems upon which fisheries and aquaculture depend is extremely important .
The European Union must intensify its efforts here considerably if it wishes to remain competitive .
As for socio-economic research , the Commission 's aim that socio-economic aspects be identified as a key action in this horizontal programme is an idea that is very much to be welcomed .
Mr President , research is the future , it is the breath of the human spirit .
Mr President , I am already very disappointed with the manner in which the European Parliament 's report deals with gene technology .
Thank you .
He is either withholding the necessary information from Parliament or giving evasive answers .
It is the same story with the Commission 's response to the Bösch report on establishing an Anti-Fraud Office .
Quite honestly , I take a very dim view of dramatising the situation .
Now you have claimed today , Mrs Müller - and this is something I cannot overlook - that granting discharge is an organised display of irresponsible behaviour .
That is why I conclude - on the basis of the list of criteria which we drew up in this House on 31 March - that we can actually grant discharge .
In accordance with the Treaty , we , the European Parliament - as Mr Pasty said - have a responsibility to the taxpayer to confirm that the Commission is using the appropriations in a proper manner .
What can , what must the European Parliament do to force the necessary changes ?
I should just like to make one point clear : whether we grant the discharge or not , I still hope that the Commission will make these efforts , irrespective of how we vote .
This allayed our main concerns with the 1998 supplementary budget and the 1999 budget .
Our remarks are not pipedreams ; they are entirely genuine demands made by Parliament in the budgetary procedure .
Mr President , I should like to pay the rapporteur , Mrs Dührkop Dührkop , a compliment .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I can , I think , be brief , because I explained the main arguments of the Petitions Committee in our debate at the first reading .
You were not ready for that .
I completely understand that the date of December 1998 cannot be adhered to because of the delay in ratifying the Treaty of Amsterdam .
My third , final and , in my view , most important point is as follows : you said that the Commission had to ensure that its house was in order .
Secondly , the Commission is proposing to produce a white paper on trans-European transport networks .
That is also the reason for the - quite justified - repeated complaints about the lack of consistency when private law is approximated in Europe .
Even though the Commission ought to find this an attractive idea , because of its agricultural policy , it is certainly an exaggeration .
Obviously , we and the Member States have made the necessary preparations .
We then also have to take a careful look to see whether there is anything more to it than that , for example whether certain shipping companies have come to an arrangement .
I hope that in future the Commission 's proposals will be sound at the outset , so that Parliament does not need to put them right .
I believe that with the help of such efforts over and above the report , a great deal more can be done and that the genuinely positive approaches of the information and communication work on the euro can and must therefore be extended .
Institutions and firms that are particularly suited to the role of multipliers must play a key role in information .
It is a small step but a good one , and above all it is a step in the right direction .
We must provide at least some compensation for this loss .
Mr President , I would ask Members to sign the written declaration by our Vice-President Mr David Martin on the effect of the WTO on animal protection .
That is an insult to the millions of unemployed in Europe !
The Vienna strategy may well designate employment as the top priority , but it is marked by a paucity of concrete proposals .
We must certainly emphasise that .
Chancellor , I believe that what is decisive in this important area is that we do not confine ourselves to a purse full of ideas .
But what was not addressed at this summit was the fact that employment is also linked to the stabilisation of agricultural structures and structural development .
It is not as though we were simply trying to flex our muscles in some kind of power struggle .
We should also show the people that beyond the great media events there is a Europe that is alive , a Europe that is becoming stronger , and that is what the Austrian Presidency showed !
What does that mean ?
The Council is , so I hope , about to agree the European company directive .
