I have extremely serious reservations as to whether it can help the pig farmer in either the short term or long term .
Co-financing is one aspect , but I have a horrible suspicion that would perhaps create an uneven playing field in many countries throughout the European Union .
I have to ask the Commissioner - because this is the one thing that might be useful for some of us - whether this proposal will be mandatory on the Member States ?
If it is implemented in every Member State then there is a degree of fairness .
If it is not implemented throughout every Member State , then there will be unfairness .
There will be the suspicion that producers in another Member State have an unfair advantage .
Can the Commissioner answer that ?
Whether I will vote for or against depends on how he answers that .
Unfair competition must be avoided at all costs .
Pigs have always had - as has been said by Mrs Keppelhoff-Wiechert - tremendous highs and lows in price .
When the price has been high the producer has been doing well .
When the price has been low then the family is not doing well .
It is a question of balance .
This is the problem in the pig industry at the moment .
Is the Commissioner going to address the same problem in the poultry industry , in mushrooms , in tomatoes , in other industries that will have some particular difficulty at some stage in the future ?
That is what we have to ask ourselves : can the common agricultural policy really cope with the challenges it faces at the present time ?
While the policy is good , and while I pay tribute to it , we have to go back to the drawing board .
We have to look at it again .
We have to have further consultation and greater cooperation to find a way in which we can come forward with a proposal rather than asking the hard-pressed producers at the moment to pay for something that they cannot afford .
Let us look at how we can best support the industry in the longer-term .
Madam President , I , along with all my colleagues , wish to welcome this annual report which is presented to us in a spirit of constructiveness .
The Commission and the Member States should see it in this light and use the findings of this report as a tool for improving their performance in managing the EU 's finances .
It is regrettable that it is not possible for the Court of Auditors to give a clean bill of health to the Commission with a positive Statement of Assurance .
This situation has not changed since the first Statement of Assurance was published in respect of the 1994 budgetary year .
Member States are responsible for managing 80 % of the expenditure and a range of errors has been found by the Court at Member State level .
This is somewhat disquieting .
We should remind ourselves that the EU resources come directly or indirectly from European citizens .
There is , therefore , a clear duty to account for every last euro of expenditure .
We must ensure that the European citizens receive value for money .
I am pleased that the Commission has taken steps to improve its management control over Community finances , and systems are being put in place in the Member States .
This will diminish the level of errors .
The Commission must be vigilant in its pursuit of proper management procedures at Member State level .
We in Parliament must also be vigilant in seeing that the Commission carries out this task .
The Commission has responsibility for implementing the budget .
Proper management and control procedures , lack of planning , inadequate evaluations , loose or non-existent eligibility criteria frequently feature in this report .
This , combined with the negative Statement of Assurance , makes some worrying reading for the taxpayer .
I know that this report and the work that Parliament is about to embark on in the context of the discharge procedure will contribute to greater vigilance when it comes to Community spending .
In conclusion , let us approach our task in a positive and constructive spirit in the best interests of the citizens of the EU.
Madam President , I am grateful too that the Council have come back because I have got something to say to them as well .
Can I first of all thank Mr Karlsson because cooperation with the Committee on Budgetary Control this year has been much better than in previous years .
Your work is crucial to our job because you are the experts and we then sort out the political problems .
We must not forget that this report refers to the 1999 budget , the year when there was the forced resignation of the Commission , so it is clearly too early to judge yet .
Next year will be the beginning of the real test as to whether the Commission 's reform has started to bite at all .
It is interesting to note that a key part of the Commission 's reform is the whole question of who takes responsibility .
Where does the buck stop ?
Who is responsible ?
We should today be assessing how the Commission and the Member States spend the money rather than assessing the work of the Court of Auditors .
But I find that the work of the Court of Auditors has not been done sufficiently well to help us to do our job .
Let us not forget , and I hope the Council once again is listening , that 80 % of the money is spent in the Member States .
The Court , as in other years , has failed to point out exactly where those failures occurred