I also think the principle of non-discrimination has been cleverly reworded ; I think it is clearer and easier to focus on the working conditions which temporary workers would enjoy were they employed directly by the user company .
To summarise , I accept Amendments Nos 1 , 4 , 22 , 28 , 33 , 43 , 46 , 47 , 48 , 51 , 52 , 85 and 92 in full .
May I again congratulate Mrs van den Burg and urge the Danish presidency to take whatever action is needed in order to reach agreement at the Council on 3 December .
The view that competition policy is the sine qua non to job creation has proven to be misguided , because exactly the opposite is happening in practice .
To say tobacco farms are to blame and that tobacco farmers should be punished by proposing that subsidies be abolished , is to deliberately confuse the question of protection of public health with maintaining traditional single-crop farms so that tens of thousands of farmers in mainly poor southern areas , who are not being offered any specific alternatives , can survive .
.
Basically , therefore , consumers will be at the mercy of misleading information from the private sector and large industrial facilities , who will be able to profiteer as they please .
.
The Commission and the European Parliament are not concerned with developing biotechnology for the benefit of society ; all they worry about is how the European monopolies can catch up with the American monopolies , but of course that does not surprise us .
The responsibility for prevention has been shifted straight on to the consumer ( such as the starving millions in Africa ) .
The wave of scandals to hit large monopolies and financial service groups in the USA and Europe has exacerbated the lack of faith in the financial system by highlighting its unaccountability and revealing how the market , small investors and savers , pension funds and insurance companies are constantly deceived , with new ways being found of exploiting and sucking the masses dry .
We are here to highlight the political dimensions of the economic crisis as we fight with the workers to overturn this rotten system .
So we need to find out who of all these was or was not to blame and we must , of necessity , be level-headed and persistent .
I have been talking with a number of Members over recent days who are all in favour of double hulls .
If we are to do something about this , I think that , first , the European Commission needs to be strict in applying the Community legislation which is already in place .
Now all that remains is to see if it is being applied in practice .
I totally agree with a ban on the carriage of heavy petroleum products by single-hull tankers .
What Mr Sterckx said about environmentally sensitive areas is also right .
We have the Structural Funds , we have the Solidarity Fund and we need to do our very best to help Galicia get back to normal as quickly as possible .
I shall confine my comments to a few basic issues .
We need to avoid any major changes in the guidelines before this mid-term review in 2006 .
We have proven that it is far better to keep to the guidelines and ensure they are applied than to constantly add new elements .
May I remind you that the Treaty requires us to produce this annual report , which will take the form of application monitoring .
Thirdly , there is a need to focus on application .
May I remind you that , in the past , information on these two procedures often came in at different times , giving rise to a great deal of confusion .
In short , the economic guidelines provide an overall framework for economic policy but the employment strategy has the necessary degree of autonomy .
We shall be presenting an initial communication in January 2003 and both these documents , the communication on the revision of the employment strategy and the draft joint report , which we submitted a month ago , will be the two basic political papers and will need to be debated so that we can get to the spring Council and then start applying the new procedure with the guidelines .
Madam President , we welcome the important step being taken today in the field of health and safety at work .
Today 's final draft of the directive contains three important achievements .
Approval of this directive completes the second stage of the Commission proposal on risks from physical agents .
.
Of course , coordination leaves out two of the four pillars proclaimed by the ?U , namely environmental protection and social cohesion , but adds the completion of the single internal market .
.
The objective is to shift fisheries into the hands of large companies .
Mr President , I should like to point out to the House once again that , despite UN Security Council resolutions on Iraq and despite the fact that Saddham Hussein 's regime appears to have kept to the dates set in Resolution 1441 and handed over a 12-page report on his weapons systems , President Bush is still telling anyone who will listen that they are unreliable and that he has decided to bomb Iraq .
Those who appear to be fighting Islam and the Islamic revolutions are in fact funding them .
The asbestos scandal is a blatant example of the cruelty of the capitalist system and it is high time action was taken to ban the extraction , processing and use of asbestos products .
The first factor is that animals and products of animal origin can be transported with complete freedom - or should I say unaccountability - throughout the