of criticising President Lukashenko during the presidential election campaign in Belarus and were given severe sentences as a result .
We have clearly expressed our rejection of laws which restrict the freedom of the press , and we must protest against specific infringements of press freedom wherever in the world they may occur , including Russia and Belarus .
We must step up our monitoring of what is happening in those two countries when it comes to pluralism and freedom of the press .
Then , the problem was solved , thanks to our efficient Quaestor over there .
Could you not demonstrate sympathy with the journalists in the hope that the dispute might in that way be ended and that we might again be able to obtain information on the same terms as our fellow MEPs .
It is incredibly important that the European Parliament should keep this debate on the agenda and also never stop further developing not only the debate but also the practical proposals .
I thought it might be discussed how much benefit we derive from a meeting such as that taking place in Johannesburg .
Listening especially to those who participated in the Rio Summit , the impression can be created that Johannesburg is really just confirming what we achieved back then in Rio , and that is of course a rather sad state of affairs .
I just saw the problem 's being that , without these summits , we could not ensure that the debate continued but , that being said , Mr Deva has of course shown us one of the ways in which it can be .
I should then very much like to comment on the first points mentioned by Mr Deva , namely points A , B and D in which he clearly emphasises that globalisation is here to stay , which is of course a good thing .
This is , in my view , an incredibly important message .
Moreover , it is as if we completely forget this when we go on to discuss the developing countries .
I should like , however , also to say that enterprises must not be used as a poor excuse for doing nothing in the sphere of general aid on which we unfortunately see countries cutting back at the moment .
Mr President , Commissioner , I would first of all thank Mr Stevenson for a particularly thorough report .
It is therefore cause for concern that EU self-sufficiency in plant proteins has fallen to below 23 % .
Market-related price relationships have made it advantageous to buy imported oilseed cake , especially soya meal , but climatic risks and changes to production in those countries from which we supply ourselves make the EU all too vulnerable .
The EU therefore needs to increase its self-sufficiency by cultivating oil-bearing plants , and I am also able to endorse the various initiatives put forward by the rapporteur in his report .
At the same time , the lower grain prices in Europe give rise to an increase in pig breeding which in turn requires higher imports of soya meal .
I should also like to point out that there is no proper scientific basis for the ban on fishmeal mentioned by the Commissioner .
We must say to those countries which are in control of their production - that is to say , those countries which really can keep the production of proteins separate - that they must of course also be given an advantage so that those countries which cannot keep the production of proteins separate are not those which impose penalties .
- ( DA ) The June Movement does not agree with the entire content but has voted in favour of the report because airspace is a cross-border problem requiring common European solutions .
Both Member States and candidate countries have been affected .
Particularly in this six-month period as we face enlargement , it has almost symbolic significance in reminding us that the Member States and the candidate countries have a common destiny and share the same problems which we shall do better to solve through joint efforts .
I should like to thank the European Parliament for this opportunity on behalf of the Council to express deep sympathy with the victims of the disaster .
Some have lost relatives , and many their homes .
We must all do our utmost to help .
That was also emphasised in the letter received on 21 August by the President of the European Parliament and the Heads of Government of the Member States from the President of the Commission , Mr Prodi , Chancellor Schröder and Chancellor Schüssel .
I should also like , on behalf of the Council , to thank the European Parliament and the President of the European Parliament for the commitment and good will which Parliament has shown in ensuring a rapid and effective response on the part of the Community .
The Commission deserves praise for the fact that the EU has quickly been able to take the initiative regarding decisions that will benefit the affected regions in Germany and Austria , as well as in the Czech Republic and Slovakia , as candidate countries .
It is my understanding that there is broad support within the Council for making flexible use of existing instruments such as Structural Funds , agricultural aid and Trans-European networks , as well as for making exemptions and more rapid procedures available to the affected areas when it comes to state aid and invitations to tender .
The Council had a first opportunity to discuss the Commission 's statement at a meeting of the Permanent Representatives Committee on 29 August .
The Commission proposes , for example , that an EU disaster fund be established of which it will be possible to make use in connection with the floods in Central Europe and future disasters