and workers are fighting against this policy , fighting to overturn this system of exploitation and secure sufficient , healthy , safe food for everyone .
Corrections to votes and voting intentions : see Minutes Approval of the minutes of the previous sitting : see Minutes 1 .
That is because : apart from the reduction in agricultural income , regardless of the production sector in which it specialises , it also has to deal with : the reduction in or elimination of its non-agricultural income , while : the income security which it collects in the form of direct aid is inadequate for a decent standard of living in absolute terms .
As the Group of the European People 's Party ( Christian Democrats ) , we support the integration of the Doha Development Agenda on the basis of an integrated , ambitious and balanced outcome to negotiations .
The outcome of the Doha Development Agenda needs to safeguard more effective integration of developing countries , especially less developed countries , into the global trading system .
One of these toys might be this one here , just as this one here might be one of the 104 toys controlled by the Federal German institute responsible for identifying dangers in consumer goods .
I have listened to all this with a great deal of interest , just as I have listened to him constantly telling us , with a great deal of honesty and solid data , that every previous directive is improved every now and then with new data .
And another thing : on 17 December , in other words , the day after tomorrow , each Member State will go to the Commission in order to present its draft in connection with the market supervision regulation .
The debate on toys and safety should really be held throughout the year .
Generally speaking , what we need are policies which call for an increase in the Community budget and which overturn the neoliberal framework of the Stability Pact and low deficits .
This confirms the European Union 's support for the creation of two states on the basis of the 1967 borders .
More importantly , in East Jerusalem , efforts are being made to create a palisade by erecting settlements around the city , so as to force the Palestinians to abandon their homes .
The continuing violation of human rights is sufficient cause for the European Union to impose sanctions on the basis of Article 2 of the treaty , because if , on the one hand , it chooses to support the peace process but , on the other hand , continues to upgrade economic relations with Israel without limitation , the only thing it will achieve is to serve Israel 's policy , which consists of forcing the Palestinians to abandon their land and expanding Israeli sovereignty to the whole of Palestine .
Deficits and public debt and the procedures for supervising the economies of various Member States , including Greece , are being mobilised in order to ideologically terrorise the workers .
I consider that the liberalisation of trade and its catastrophic results , which have contributed to the current financial , economic , climate and food crisis , and to job losses , poverty and deindustrialisation , should be rejected .
I also voted against the motion because it does not safeguard full respect for the rights of governments to protect their ability to regulate and provide fundamental services , especially in the field of public goods and services such as health , education , culture , communications , transport , water and energy .
I voted against the motion , because it is predicated entirely on the doctrine and policy of the 'war against terror', which is still being used to justify restrictions on rights and freedoms and to legalise military intervention and actions introduced under the Lisbon Treaty .
In Pakistan , it is promoting a free trade agreement which will allow greater penetration of the euro-unifying monopolies in southern Asia .
At the same time , the 'democracy export ' policy is trying to expand support for democracy to the imperialist occupying structure .
The values given in statistics are often fictitious , as the European Union itself admits , which is why it created the transitional support regime for a series of regions , three of which are in my country , Greece .
The aim of temporarily ironing out the contrasts between sections of the plutocracy , misleadingly referred to as 'solidarity ' , is now being replaced by the rule of competition and the free market .
Finally , I should like to take advantage of my speaking time to call on you , Mr President , to exert your influence in obtaining satisfaction in the European Parliament of the just demands of the workers , who are taking to the streets .
The way chosen by euro-unifying monopoly capital is to strengthen the imperialist policy of the EU with new political and strategic intervention mechanisms , such as the ' European External Action Service ' , to strengthen its militarisation with 'combat groups ' and to increase their penetration with NATO .
I claim that this can be achieved by telling Turkey the truth .
Turkey has turned into a graveyard for political parties .
We are Turkey 's neighbours and we call on you to learn from our experiences as neighbours , not from our weak points .
I have no wish to repeat the views of other members which I agree with .
Finally , the Turkish Government appears unable at the moment to safeguard in the country the popular sovereignty which characterises a democracy and is planning a new type of Ottoman commonwealth , as illustrated by the views expressed by Mr Davutoglou and repeated on his recent visit to Lebanon by Mr Erdoğan