to top up the resources for reconstruction in the Balkans and to return the other part , namely EUR 7.5 bn , to the Member States by reducing their contributions to the 2001 budget accordingly .
I think it is of course also quite important that all who welcome a restructuring on the revenue side should now also find a common vocabulary as soon as possible .
We ought to play safe , and we will of course be able to be more precise in the Letter of Amendment in the autumn , including on the question of how much we shall have to pay from the budget for foot and mouth disease .
I should like to thank you for the positive comment that it was completed on time and that it is a useful tool for discussing the questions raised in Parliament ' s declaration .
Mrs Schreyer , I am somewhat astonished that you read the letter in that way .
The agencies are also subject to scrutiny by the Court of Auditors and , where appropriate , also by OLAF .
My warmest congratulations .
The budgetary authority approves the allocation to the agency ' s administrative resources .
Persons affected are of the opinion that a lot of things are being said here that are not materially justified .
I hope you will be able to agree to this amendment and I congratulate you once again on your report .
Aristotle himself said the improbable will probably happen .
Coasts are not conurbation areas , but nevertheless around one third of the EU population live in coastal regions today .
But it will benefit our environment in the long term .
Anyone who criminalises resistance on the part of those who oppose globalisation in general - as has already happened , not that I condone violence - is guilty of hushing things up and confusing cause and effect .
I really cannot stress enough that stability on the financial markets is a public asset which is most definitely in the common good .
We need to retain this .
We need a certain transitional period here , we are all pragmatists here , and we shall give manufacturers a transitional period .
She calls for a European tax to be introduced as a direct revenue .
On official documents such as birth certificates , instead of Yezidi , a cross is entered or they are left blank as a sign of non-recognition .
Armenia and Turkey must also honour this commitment as members of the Council of Europe .
The death penalty , which we have just debated , is handed out and is often carried out in public as a deterrent .
The purpose of the special session of the United Nations in New York in September must be not just to get this convention ratified but to ensure that all the countries then apply it .
A pupil 's wage has been introduced for 11 million children from the poorest families .
Only when religious freedom is granted and only when these standards are applied can Vietnam become a partner for us .
Mr President , yet again I must concur with the previous speakers : our future neighbour Belarus is still a long way from being a democracy and democracy is now the only basis on which we can live together in Europe .
It was the anti-Europeans who criticised him .
So far , we have only received estimates and now they must gradually be replaced by actual values .
First I should like to thank Mr Nicholson for his report and , secondly , I should like to state that the Commission fully supports this report .
Madam President , allow me , without mentioning this proposal - of which I am in favour - to make just one small remark : I am campaigning somewhat for the respect of the large groups .
I shall now give the floor to Mr Barón Crespo who will speak in favour of the request by his group .
Today , 500 people remain in custody .
There are two different systems of managing limited liability companies under the company law of the Member States .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , Mr Mayer pointed out that the idea of creating a European limited liability company was already being discussed more than 30 years ago .
The EWC Directive talks of subsidiary requirements .
After six years , these two legal instruments should be tested and , if necessary , improved .
It is also interesting that this has been expressly established in the recitals to the original proposal and that the legal services have given their support to this .
But we will - as Mr Lehne said - very carefully consider whether this legal base is adequate , and in emergencies we shall involve the European Court of Justice in the matter .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , when dealing with this subject we must also inevitably return to the events in Genoa .
So , there was essentially no reason to change the legal base .
The keys to this are the legal base , an absence of European fiscal regulation and essential discussions on modernising the regulations governing European mergers .
However , every light has its shadow .
Partnership is intended to provide a clear representation of interests , and also a balancing of the interests of employee and employer by means of information and consultation , which is also advantageous from an economic point of view .
Women do not even make up 10 % of European works councils .
I would therefore like to see Parliament respond to this unfair attack .
We must change our policy here and support cooperative projects .
You actually described what the Israeli government is doing , namely murdering its opponents , whom it accuses of being terrorists , as murder .
