in which particular attention was drawn to this sector of industry .
The implementation of this directive will lead to high costs , resulting from the directive’s requirement that many samples be taken .
However , I am also realistic enough to recognise that voting against it now will make no difference , and have therefore abstained from the vote on compromise amendments .
Surely we would not like it if Russia were to campaign over here to introduce the rouble in Europe ?
How does he explain that Member States without the euro are doing far better economically speaking ?
The government puts 1 % on the table , industry 2 % .
As a Dutchman , I have to conclude that there has been no debate , or only partial debate , on the new agenda for structural funds , and so we have to raise the level a few notches .
The reports by our fellow Members are therefore worthy of at least some support , with particular attention for a few bottlenecks .
I would now like to turn to the European Social Fund , in respect of which Mr Silva Peneda has done such an excellent job .
The large city issue is universal .
Surely it cannot be the intention , Commissioner , and I would also say to the Council – not currently present – that the budgets in this area need to be reduced in absolute terms , simply because the current ‘Objective 2’ regions then have to suddenly pay the price for a lack of European solidarity Secondly , as Mr van Nistelrooij and Mr Berend have already said , it is crucial that cofinancing from the private sector should remain an option .
In the area of women’s rights , Turkey has made many improvements in relation to the new constitution , labour law and new criminal law .
A large majority of Turkish women’s rights organisations support the findings in my report .
In this House too , the report met with wide support during the vote in the Committee on Women’s Rights and Gender Equality .
The amendment on this subject tabled by the Liberals is one with which I can identify , provided that the Turkish Government is called to account in terms of its responsibility .
In addition , the European Court of Human Rights recently decided that Turkey , with this ban , is not flouting women’s rights ; each country is entitled to adopt its own policy on religious symbols .
In fact , if reports were to be presented here on the role of religious minorities , the occupation in Cyprus , the rights of Armenians , and the restriction of freedom of expression of opinion and of assembly in Turkey , then these would not be received with many accolades either .
Was it allowed to transfer the data to the United States ?
I hope that you will also include the effectiveness of the measures in that review .
The first concerns cumulation .
It is hoped that readjustments can be made by simplifying the criteria of origin and simplifying administrative procedures , as well as by making the conditions for regional cumulation more flexible .
Although this will , in time , be improved by troop replacements , at the moment , the speed at which things are being done is simply too slow and the direction too unclear .
How ?
This represents a new set of aid tasks for the European Union in Iraq .
It is more important to address its causes , which include mismanagement , corruption and trade barriers .
At present , 2015 , the date named in the Millennium Goals , seems to be getting further and further away .
This is where Mr Benn and our Commissioner , together , could make a big difference .
Of the 24 amendments that were adopted in the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Food Safety , 20 have been incorporated , either wholly or in part , in the compromise document .
The Dutch People’s Party for Freedom and Democracy ( VVD ) is delighted that an overwhelming majority of this House has backed the amendment by the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats to reject the Common Position .
From our own experience , we know that post-war reconciliation is possible only when those who were formerly on opposite sides manage to agree on the history of the events , to ask for forgiveness for the misery inflicted and to bring to justice those responsible for the genocide and crimes against humanity .
My group takes the view that the ultimate outcome would not have been much different had there been an EU centralised common foreign policy or a mandate that authorised Dutchbat to use more force and ensured support in the form of aerial bombardments .
The sense of horror and sympathy for the victims of this mass killing and their surviving relatives is great .
There is now , fortunately , peace in Bosnia and Herzegovina , but they have not fully come to terms with the past , and that is forming an obstacle to the functioning of the state and society , and so important decisions on such matters as the return of refugees and the arrest of those suspected of war crimes are not being taken .
What we now need is not just to consider what happened ten years ago , but also Srebrenica today , which will involve understanding it and , where necessary , providing funds to rescue it .
On that island , they set up a military dictatorship and tried to carry out attacks on the mainland , eventually forfeiting international recognition and being thrown out of the United Nations .
As a democracy , it aspires to become a non-Chinese , and therefore independent , Taiwan