to promote human rights , settle internal disputes and conflicts between themselves and also with other countries .
For example in my own country , there is every reason to point to the major role that the EU continues to play in developing peace in Europe .
The report is based on the idea that conflicts and problems are resolved by military means .
According to many commentators , including the WEU 's political assembly , the realization of a common defence policy has been removed from the agenda for a long time to come as a result of the Amsterdam Treaty .
The threat to the people may be anything from environmental disasters to social exclusion .
Such conflicts cannot be resolved by military methods or with bullets and bombs .
Madam President , I would like to start by thanking Mrs McKenna , Mrs Theorin and Mrs Ojala for their contributions , which I regard as small shafts of light in an otherwise rather dark and gloomy debate .
I therefore feel that it would be profoundly regrettable if this were to be the signal that this elected Chamber sends out to its voters .
For example , no consideration whatsoever is given to any new aspects , not even to the policy pursued by the four neutral states , which are , after all , members .
Madam President , it is a very serious matter that India has conducted these tests since this could lead to a new global nuclear arms race .
The Swedish government has today , with immediate effect , halted a cooperation agreement with India amounting to SEK 900 million .
They are , in fact , currently contravening their undertakings to reduce their nuclear weapons under Article 6 of the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons .
Under this agreement , they are to meet in Belgrade and there , in private and without a prearranged agenda , they will discuss the framework for continuing intensive negotiations at lower levels .
Rugova , for his part , has renounced the demand for international participation in the negotiations - at least as far as the meeting in Belgrade is concerned .
For example , two police patrols were recently attacked , one of them in Pristina itself .
We cannot be sure of this , however .
I would like to thank the President-in-Office both for his reply and , above all , for the British Presidency 's efforts in this area , which I truly appreciate .
I believe it is this type of concrete requirement that needs to be made in order to persuade Israel to modify its current dangerous behaviour .
It was stated very clearly that it must be possible after a period of five years to guarantee that the Community 's eco labels are at least as rigorous as the labels used in the best of the national eco-labelling programmes .
The Council 's representative is absolutely right in stating that this is what the Treaty says , and it also says if the Council so decides .
That these words have been introduced since the Maastricht Treaty is , of course , also due to the fact that there are a series of countries in the EU that do not currently back a common defence policy .
As I interpret the situation , the Council 's reply to my question is therefore that a common defence policy is not on the agenda for the near future .
There are , as we all know , reports from numerous humanitarian organizations , which in no way support the Saddam regime , about the dreadful consequences that have ensued as a result of the boycott .
How are we to know that Iraq has fulfilled all of the UN 's conditions ?
I would also like to express my appreciation of the efficiency and prudence he has shown in seeking the views of industry and also being influenced by these views .
The greater part of the EU 's exports are industrial goods .
In our view , additional investments , special rules for certain sectors and a selective economic policy are ineffective and costly and will , in the long term , destroy entrepreneurial activity .
Globalization of the economy increases the need for reforms .
I am saying this because it is important for the business sector as a whole , as well as for industry .
Mr President , Mr Caudron addressed seven points from his report .
The USA has not had the same strict monetary policy as Europe .
The only theory to support this approach is the one stating that taxes reduce people 's desire to work .
But surely this theory can scarcely apply to the present situation in Europe .
Furthermore , I feel that reference should have been made to the significance of the increasingly uneven distribution of income .
I would like to have seen these three points included in both the rapporteur 's report and the Commission 's original statement .
It is , of course , extremely important to consider carefully the way information technology is to be regulated .
Precisely as was also pointed out in the speech , it is the Member States who in the large majority of cases will be responsible for most of the new regulations .
If no other way can be found , then it is perhaps necessary to resort to regulation .
We in the PPE group believe that the amendments proposed by Mr Hendrick and accepted by the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy are likewise viable in the context of the approach that I am advocating .
Mr President , please permit me , despite the fact that today is Thursday - a play on words which perhaps only Scandinavians will understand - to ask for a correction to the Minutes