The success of the latter in many areas means that supporters of the old Soviet system now appear to have no real chance any more of being elected in Russia .
Ukraine would also have been glad had this been the case , but unfortunately it was still too early for such a thing .
The many threats to which we are exposed on a daily basis teach us that positive and proactive policies are needed not only to guarantee security , but also to secure freedom , as the latter is not merely a matter of justice .
A broader exchange of knowhow and experience would allow overall improvements to be made to EU standards , and useful improvements could be made in this field if existing institutions , instruments and procedures were networked .
The task now before us is to amend the money laundering regulations for the third time .
As a general rule , the Directive requires clients , for example of a bank , to be identified .
My hope now is that our decisions will finally be put into practice , and that in two or three years ’ time we will then be able to assess their real impact .
I am delighted that the colegislators have approved additional funding , and I can assure you that we will be able to put these funds to effective use in order to provide small and mediumsized enterprises with access to loan and equity finance .
He had also been shocked to discover that the main recipients of funding were not the small and mediumsized enterprises that needed it most , but resourceful enterprises that knew the ins and outs of the programmes and were therefore granted money .
This piece of legislation has taken less time to adopt than nearly any other in the history of the EU.
I should like to mention at this point that I have set up a highlevel group under the name of ‘CARS 21’ , which , by the end of this year , will be making recommendations on the shape of future legislation in the automobile sector .
Some years ago , the Commission sent Parliament a communication on pedestrian protection .
This arrangement should apply for at least five years .
In this context , I should like to thank Mr Costa and the other shadow rapporteurs , as well as Mrs  Hedkvist Petersen for her skilful negotiating as rapporteur on the frontal protection systems on passenger cars , which really do pose a huge danger in accidents involving unprotected road users , principally in urban areas .
In between there are various different nuances , such as the Member States that permit the addition of those vitamins and minerals that are listed in a particular register .
The Commission is proposing a negative list , which I , as rapporteur , support .
How this proposal for a regulation is supposed to be compatible with the Lisbon strategy , heaven knows .
Of course advertisements must not lie !
I urge you , Commissioner , to withdraw this proposal for good .
We must not allow food with undesirable characteristics , food which is too sweet , too fat or too salty , to put on a cloak of good health .
Why not determine human beings ’ nutritional requirements on the basis of their body structure , with a computer chip inserted in the head , so that they can only go in certain directions in the supermarket and can only go to certain foods .
In the committee , the seven amendments were adopted that the Commission is now unfortunately not able to accept in full .
It is also , I think , a pity that the rapporteur has rejected our proposal for the reintroduction of the fourth pillar of employment policy , that being action to help women gain access to employment .
A new independence is what is needed .
We also want to discuss the Council and Commission statements on Uzbekistan and then deal with a question on Philip Morris .
Ever since export subsidies for the transportation of live animals were introduced in 1989 , this House has on many occasions voted in favour of their removal from the EU budget .
The report is , I think , a good one , in that it clarifies our need for more trans-European energy networks if we are to achieve the Lisbon goals , which have to do with making our continent more competitive .
Today , we are debating the establishment of guidelines for trans-European energy networks .
If , as the Commissioner has just said , the Commission wants to give rather greater emphasis to the top-down model , the targets will have to be the subject of renewed discussion , for the more the top-down approach is adopted , the higher the targets will have to be .
Let me say for Mr Paasilinna’s benefit that we do not believe that mandatory targets are damaging , and , if I understand things correctly , Finland , too , could still make enormous savings in heating alone .
We need to learn , not only in Europe but across the world .
The Court of Auditors ’ special report highlights the shocking scale of recoveries in agriculture .
It is not unusual for journalists to work with confidential official information .
Mr President , I would like to begin by thanking the Commission for its proposal and the rapporteur for her constructive report , which has improved on this Commission proposal in a number of important respects .
The reinsurance directive , which is now successfully on its way after more than three years ’ preparatory work , draws to a large extent on the systems of supervision that are already in place for direct insurance .
European reinsurance undertakings have to compete in particular with North American and Australian rivals .
Rural development