These measures are intended to deal with this point .
Like you , I believe it is necessary to guarantee the greatest possible level of security .
These equivalent security standards should therefore be established , with a degree of obligation which is similar to that demanded in the Community , which would offer greater safeguards for the whole world .
The problem we have today is that every week approximately 100 illegal immigrants are reaching the islands of Lanzarote and Fuerteventura .
When we have this communication , the honourable Member will be able to see the Commission ' s ideas and contributions to this debate on the creation of a European policy on returning illegal immigrants , which is currently the exclusive competence of national or regional governments , as in the case of the Government of the Autonomous Community of the Canary Islands .
As a supplementary question , I would like to know whether , in accordance with your reply , you foresee , or support the idea , that women immigrants should be informed of their rights within the European Union .
The honourable Member has raised a very important issue : informing immigrants of their rights .
We must not leave aside environmental issues , however , which are inseparable from energy use .
Within this good policy , the Green Paper provides a detailed and consistent analysis of the situation .
In this respect , the security of energy supplies is essential to our development and security in the broadest sense , and recent events have demonstrated this even more clearly .
Furthermore , a series of points in the report confirm that the European Parliament has clearly understood that there is a close link between these three objectives and the balance between them must be maintained .
As the report accepts , no individual source is completely lacking in drawbacks : they all have a cost and they all seem necessary .
With regard to nuclear energy , I am very satisfied with the frank and constructive exchange of views which the presentation of the Green Paper has made possible .
However , the Commission is continuing , and will continue , to make proposals in the quest for new perspectives on energy supply .
With regard to transport and its effect on demand , the Commission makes a very detailed analysis in the White Paper , of which I have mentioned some important aspects when I spoke about the proposal on biofuels which was approved last week .
Europe needs to establish a stable long-term framework to guarantee the security of energy supply , which can deal with changes in international economic and environmental circumstances , and which creates a firm basis for the future role of Europe on the international stage .
The Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development welcomes the communication from the Commission .
In this way , information to irrigation farmers and the adaptation and optimisation of infrastructures and irrigation techniques should be applied in parallel so that farmers can accept this policy .
The great disparity in the application of criteria in this area should be taken into account , as well as the barriers that can exist in Member States , both of a legal nature and with regard to acquired rights and customs , that can be difficult to amend , particularly in the short term .
Firstly , because this goes entirely beyond the remit of the communication , and secondly , because it goes against the spirit and the letter of the framework directive .
Article 9 of the framework directive which , as the Commissioner knows very well , required a great deal of time and discussion time to complete , provides for the recovery of costs .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to start by acknowledging the great work done by Mrs Corbey in drawing up this report .
We think , however , that these objectives should be linked to the quantity of the product that is packaged and put on the market .
In my opinion it is a good proposal , on which the Commission should be congratulated .
This aspiration can disguise an attempt for the harmonisation standard to respond exclusively to the current model in a specific country ; or , put in more favourable terms , to suggest that Member States should not apply important parts of the directive .
There are , evidently , other formulas , and one of these was the one set out in the Commission proposal , and another that consists of my personal viewpoint stated in my original report .
I was here and voted in favour , but this has not been recorded in the Minutes .
I think that the Commission should provide a text that is correct , tell us which of the texts is the final version , and make this available in all of the official languages .
Parliament has been able to open this project up in more directions , extending its range of priorities to territories that , up until now , were not covered or that were not considered important .
Cultural heritage belongs to the world of non-renewable resources .
I would like to know whether the presidency or the Commission have any information that justifies , as will surely be the case , the absence of the Commissioner responsible , Mr Patten .
I would also like to thank the committees who were asked to give their opinion for their cooperation .
In the same respect , Mr President , we are asking for the implementation of a global interregional association agreement that can give institutional support and total geographical coverage in relations with the subcontinent , in order , amongst other things , not to be second rate when compared with the developments that are being