The number of those in need of outside assistance is estimated at two to three million .
The tardy reaction on the part of the new foreign affairs administration has provoked amazement , with good reason .
Its wounds need tending and its homes need building one by one .
The philosopher Ludwig Wittgenstein proposed the idea that no distress can be greater than what a single person can suffer .
You cannot tot up pain .
Therein also lies hope .
Mr President , the European Union has a great opportunity to endorse a move to strengthen international law at the next Human Rights Council .
In my opinion , we have a right to receive an account from the representative of the Council on how the various Member States now view this important report .
This report is crucial at a time when we are trying to put an end to seeing all those who are guilty of international humanitarian law violations and war crimes go unpunished and , instead , to bring them to justice .
The European Union must take more decisive action on torture and all inhumane treatment in prisons , some of them secret .
We have an opportunity to boost the power of the International Criminal Court by adopting a forceful position on how the Court 's Code of Professional Conduct should be amended this spring .
We should be concerned about the human rights situation in Belarus .
Like others of my fellow Members , I agree that civil society has a vital role to play in this development .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , for decades now , the European Union 's common fisheries policy has controlled fishing within the Community and in the territorial waters of third countries .
The situation regarding fish stocks is extremely worrying : two thirds of the EU 's commercially exploitable fish stocks have plummeted .
The crisis is due to the fact that , for a long time now , there has been complete indifference to the problems that have accumulated owing to overfishing and illegal fishing .
The EU must take the crisis in fish stocks seriously .
The key reforms must be to tackle overcapacity with respect to fishing vessels and more effective monitoring to root out illegal fishing .
The main building blocks of the reform of the fisheries policy , as proposed by the Commission in its Green Paper , must be making the ecosystem the starting point , and the precautionary principle .
If necessary , the Union must also be prepared to adopt solutions to ensure the recovery of stocks by introducing a complete ban on fishing and the trade in fish .
The reports we have adopted raise important issues regarding how to improve consumer protection and the functioning of the internal market , which I supported during the Committee 's deliberations and in today 's vote .
Its five main indicators are surely crucial in evaluating how the internal market is functioning generally and from the point of view of consumers .
Secondly , I am surprised at the very negative attitude of the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament to the proposed internal market test .
This is probably due to a mistaken conclusion , for the test could also act to promote specifically social and environmental objectives .
History has shown the wisdom of the Schuman Declaration .
The Commission needs to conduct an intensive dialogue with the Member State authorities to ensure the spread of good practices .
If production cannot continue to take place in Europe because of the soaring cost of emissions trading , and if , as a consequence , steel or paper , say , are produced in places where the ensuing emissions are greater than in Europe , emissions will increase overall .
That constitutes a system of decarbonisation which is independent of the business cycle and which always rewards the party making the cuts , unlike our current system of emissions trading .
China , Japan and the United States of America , among others , are interested in such a scheme , and so the EU too should update its own strategy to reflect the present situation .
Unless the specification and allocation of emission allowances is proportional , it will be impossible to avoid distortion of competition .
That experience has definitely cost us dear , and the benefit to the environment is by no means obvious .
Mr President , a while ago , US Secretary of State , Hillary Clinton , stated in an interview how difficult her job was and said that it was about moving from one crisis to the next .
There , you will certainly obtain important information .
The Arctic treasure chest that is opening up is full of economic opportunities , but it poses many environmental and security risks , as well as those connected with the fate of the indigenous peoples .
The Swedish International Peace Research Institute ( SIPRI) , among others , has already published a paper , ominously entitled 'Ice-free Arctic' , on China 's Arctic policy .
The EU also has to be willing to hold constructive talks with the indigenous peoples , and that is one way the Union can come to play a decisive role in Arctic policy .
Arctic research is an important area of cooperation ; for example , the University of Lapland , where you are going , is where the University of the Arctic is based , and I am sure that when the Arctic Information Centre is established , as the Commission has indicated , Rovaniemi would be a suitable location .
Baroness Ashton , the Commission needs to clarify the role of each DirectorateGeneral and indicate the person responsible for Arctic issues .
Mr President , a sort of cultural