To allow mobility of these members of staff between railway companies , it has been agreed that train drivers , on-board safety personnel as well as ground-based infrastructure managers will have the right to have access to and obtain copies of all documents attesting to their qualifications .
This new directive is an important step towards the creation of a safe European railway system and sets out a clear regulatory structure for its gradual establishment .
The agreement reached within the Conciliation Committee fully reflects Parliament’s position at second reading .
Otherwise they will be unable to compete equally with other forms of transport .
This is the way to create viable public services .
We also have to ensure that this forthcoming services directive , which , after the elections in June , the elected Parliament will be debating , does nothing to promote dumping , something that was spoken of here , but adopts the laws and decrees of the country in which the services are being produced .
Environmental protection also creates growth and stability .
We will not build a European Union with short-term profits .
We know that 14 % of the Members from the new Member States here now are women .
Should there perhaps be a Commissioner for equality during this time of transition and change ?
This is also a matter of what is lawful , which is to say compliance with the Treaty .
Under the Treaty the post of Commissioner may only remain unfilled by a unanimous decision of the Council .     – Mr President , Mr Barroso , we all know that the EU faces enormous challenges over this five-year term .
Above all , his election also highlights , in the proper manner , the result of the EU elections within the context of the EU’s democratic system .
We must also continue the process of bringing the Union closer to its citizens .
We need a strong , but above all , a functional Europe .
This I am sure is true , but I know that you will carry it out with honour , and I wish you every success and hope you will have patience and new ideas when facing the tough challenges that lie ahead .
I am sure that tomorrow this House will give you its fullest support .     – Madam President , Mr President-designate of the Commission , it was a joy to listen to your inaugural speech : we could hardly have found a more expert and competent candidate .
That is just the sort of President of the Commission we need : someone who can take advantage of any situation and exploit windows of opportunity when they are open .
I am pleased that you come from a small Member State .
It is important that the result of the European elections is reflected in the choice of President of the Commission , just as we in the Group of the European People’s Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats have called for .
The independently-made choices of Commissioners are a good start in that respect .
I also believe that during your term of office you will develop transatlantic relations further , which are so important for us Europeans .
This must be the joint top priority for all of us Europeans who love Europe and our own countries .
A viable and effective Internal Market plays a key part in this .
For example , the Financial Services Action Plan has created a European financial internal market , which will boost the efficiency of the market and create more growth .
The credibility of Europe depends on how its citizens feel about the activities of the Union .
Let us make decisions at European level only in those matters where decisions at European level have clear added value for European citizens .
In future , we could even operate on a principle of less regulation and more effort in the implementation and monitoring of action .
We have faith in you , President of the Commission .     – Madam President , Mr President-designate of the Commission , the policies you have pursued in Portugal have startled many of us .
We want a social Europe , otherwise the people will not trust us or follow us .
Our problem in the next vote will be whether credibility can be preserved .
If you create a new Europe employing a different sort of policy from that pursued in your country , then you might succeed , but if not , then we will often come into conflict with each other here .     Mr President , I too wish to thank the Vice-President of the European Commission , Mrs de Palacio .
This confidence will be brought about by focusing on priorities , on important issues , and as a consequence of this , results too will be achieved .
That is something our citizens will certainly want to see .
We have to solve the problem of how to preserve the viability of industry and at the same time take environmental protection into account .
We need results in employment policy in terms of competitiveness , but the main factors in this regard are economic policy and budgetary discipline , on which subject we have heard an excellent speech just now .
We must set an example here to national parliaments and national governments in maintaining budgetary discipline .
Discipline must be preserved , and that will come about as a result of these same priorities .
In my opinion , however , if we are to have a healthy and sustainable economy in Europe , the Stability and Growth Pact must be kept as it is .
Next year will be an important year , as it is the first complete year of the functioning