, but I do not believe this Parliament or the European Union can shy away from making those changes which will open up a world of opportunity for groups which have suffered for too long from the cancer of discrimination .
Mr President , we often hear that Europe is distant and remote from its citizens .
But the kind of legislation we are looking at today will have a big impact on peoples ' lives and make people understand that here in Strasbourg and Brussels we do things that make a difference .
I should like to congratulate the Commission on its work in bringing forward these proposals so speedily and the professionalism of the civil servants who helped us bring these reports forward .
They have done an excellent job .
Regarding the specifics of the report , I would like to thank Mr Mann who took on board most of the comments from the Committee on Industry , particularly those concerning multiple discrimination - as in the case of women , who are the target of other discrimination .
I hope the Commission will look carefully at gender discrimination legislation in the light of this new directive .
Similarly they took on board our comments on the involvement of NGOs .
It is very important that organisations representing the people affected are listened to , because they will help us make the transition from fine words here today to practical policies that work in our Member States .
Turning to Mr Cashman 's report , I would like to congratulate my colleague on his first report .
If this is a sign of what is to come , I hope he does many more .
From the point of view of my committee , it is very important that anything the action plan does in the field of work on age and disability complements the work undertaken as part of the research programmes , the framework programmes .
There is not enough money in the action programme to replace that work which takes place in the fifth framework which will hopefully continue in any other framework programmes , but we need to make sure they work together .
Secondly , I am pleased that the Commission has recognised the need to continue core funding for European NGOs .
I do not consider that the main aim of European programmes is to support these organisations , but without them it would be very difficult for us to hear the voices of those target groups .
I hope special attention will be paid to the needs of the disabled community , who have many different issues they would like to see tackled .
Finally , there are those in this House - I have heard them in my committee and elsewhere - who argue that we do not need this kind of legislation , it is too burdensome , it is a lawyers ' charter .
Fortunately many of those people are away this week at the British seaside .
They have other things to do , so they cannot be here , but we should not be surprised at these comments and we should take no heed of them .
We hear them every time we have legislation like this .
We heard them years ago on equal pay for women , we heard them on all equal opportunities legislation , on improvements in maternity leave , we heard them in connection with the race directive before the summer , and so we should carry on regardless .
This is good legislation .
Mrs McCarthy said that good employers want this kind of legislation .
Citizens want it too .
I congratulate the Commission and my colleagues who drew up the report .
We hope that this goes through rapidly and that the ministers will make rapid progress too .
Mr President , the excellent work of both rapporteurs completes a remarkable series of reports by this Parliament on the implementation of Article 13 .
This first year of the 21st century has shown the EU institutions determined to entrench non-discrimination as a basic European value and fundamental human right .
I want to concentrate especially on the Mann report and specifically Article 4 .
This would permit continued discrimination where it is an essential or genuine requirement .
In particular , it provides that there can be occupational discrimination on religious grounds .
This is clearly a powerful exception to the rule on non-discrimination .
It must be justified on tight criteria and not abused .
I therefore welcome the committee 's amendments to that end , although I would prefer that Member States should be permitted but not obliged to offer such religious privileges .
I have requested a split vote on the word 'shall ' for that purpose .
It is essential that discrimination on religious grounds should not be a pretext to discriminate against employees on other grounds , for example , because they are homosexual .
I am sure that sensible and moderate religious organisations would not seek to do so to exploit this as a loophole .
But we must not allow fundamentalists with prejudiced views of any religion to allow their views to prevail against the non-discrimination standards of secular society .
I am aware that there is a rising tide of lobbies in politics which are seeking to extend the grip of religion in the public sphere .
There is a proper sphere for religion .
The compromise in this report allows plenty of space to religious organisations and it must not be abused .
Mr President , I will confine my remarks to religious belief and homosexuality .
The President of Italy addressed this House today and I was interested when he said that it was not the aim of this Union to negate national values .
Some of the matters before us today are destructive to national values .
