I should like to thank the European Parliament , the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Food Safety and , most importantly , the rapporteur , Mrs Isler Béguin , for her detailed and constructive report .
This proposal is a positive arrangement for financing the environment .
This approach implies even greater subsidiarity than at present .
So far there have been three noteworthy developments in our efforts to safeguard the integration policy : firstly , the adoption on 21 June of the regulation on rural development ; secondly , the strategic guidelines on rural development relating to the regulation , in which clear reference is made to Natura 2000 , and thirdly , the strategic guidelines on regional policy which the Commission adopted last Tuesday and which concern the protection of nature and species .
The need to finance LIFE + has a clear European dimension and value .
This programme will need to be in a position to finance other actions , such as Natura 2000 , which no other programme can cover .
An effort is being made to sanctify the US-inspired special tribunal set up in The Hague , the 'bill of indictment ' of which has collapsed and been ridiculed .
I am in favour of opening up markets ; I am against neo-protectionism , but in favour of the principle of reciprocity .
I am in favour of abolishing quotas , but with a parallel obligation to undertake symmetrical obligations with regard to duty-related and technical barriers .
I am against what is still , to a large extent , a closed and non-transparent market in China , the maintenance of high import barriers , the application of unfair practices and the lack of adequate cooperation on fundamental investigations into dumping practices .
To close , I should like to express my sympathy to the families of the victims in London and to add my feelings of repulsion about the incident to those of the British Presidency .     – Mr President , the recent EU-China agreement is a positive development and we must acknowledge the important contribution made by Commissioner Mandelson to the final outcome .
I should like to take advantage of Commissioner Michel 's presence here to finish by saying that the Commission will also need to step up its investigation into uncontrolled imports of Chinese shoes , which have created serious problems in European countries such as Greece .     – Mr President , mention was made earlier of the Minutes .
Consequently , it is insulting all of us who recognise the Cypriots .
There can be no discrimination between small and large countries .
Our demand should be accepted by the European Aviation Safety Agency , as should the measures which it has recommended or proposes to take .
I too would therefore like , on behalf of the College of Commissioners , to express my condolences and our support for the victims of these disasters and accidents .
The repercussions were more serious this year , but the fact that they occurred comes as no surprise to us .
It also helps by conducting drills and planning hypothetical scenarios and simulations in order to identify possible gaps and problems in the Member States ' civil protection systems and promotes cooperation and interoperability between the Member States ' emergency services .
Several Member States provided help by despatching teams , pumps , decontaminants and other resources through the European Union 's civil protection mechanism .
Teams of experts and other materials have already arrived in the United States .
These measures include proposals to improve the transportation of aid and the facility for the European Union to lease specialist equipment , such as additional water bomber aircraft , from third countries .
Civil protection can only cover the first , immediate stage of an emergency .
Other resources need to be used in order to deal with the consequences of disasters and to prevent them ; this is what Mr Pan Ouzký was talking about earlier .
The rural development programmes provide support to a broad range of forestry activities with funds to prevent fires and restore forests which have suffered damage .
The Commission has taken the relevant political initiative in application of the conclusions of the European Council held in December 2004 .
Mr President , honourable Members of the European Parliament , allow me to close by saying that I am certain that the European Parliament will support our proposals and will take advantage of this opportunity to put the commitment to solidarity which it has undertaken into further action .
We too are with them .
However , the majority of the scientific community states with certainty that , nowadays , these extreme weather conditions have increased in intensity as a result of ecological disaster , as a result of the climate change which we have brought about .
One other point I would like to make is that blanket tree-planting both before and after fires must take greater account in future of the advice of forestry experts so that we plant more trees which do not burn easily .
Mr President , I should like to start by thanking the European Parliament and the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Food Safety and , more importantly , its rapporteur , Mr Sjöstedt , for their painstaking preparation of this recommendation for second reading .
Forty-one amendments have now been incorporated into the common position either verbatim or materially .
At the same time , the Council , which is interested in the principle of proportionality , has granted the Member States the facility to exempt non-hazardous , non-inert waste from certain provisions of the directive , especially from the need for a financial guarantee .
I trust that we shall complete the procedure for this proposal as quickly as possible