You will understand that at this stage , without knowing the exact reasons for these numbers , I do not want to name and blame any particular Member States .
The Commission is satisfied with the UN Secretary-General’s recent recommendation and its subsequent endorsement by the Security Council that says talks on Kosovo’s future status should go ahead .
Concerning the EU’s participation and the Commission ’s role , I would like to point out four things .
First of all , we must ensure that the outcome is compatible with the European perspective for Kosovo and covers the whole western Balkans region .
Thirdly , and I am sure that the European Parliament agrees with me on this issue in particular , our common goal must be ‘status with standards’ .
I shall soon present a joint paper on the EU’s overall policy on Kosovo with Javier Solana .
I would like to thank Mr Dimitrakopoulos for his question and for the follow-up question .
In my view , the Eide Report is very professional , of very high quality , is very objective and realistic .
It also underlines the need to ensure both standards and status as we make progress in this negotiation process .
President Ahtisaari has just started his work and is engaged in shuttle diplomacy in Belgrade , Pristina and with the international community .
Therefore I do not think it wise to take a stand at this point on whether and in which format K-For should continue in Kosovo .
Second , we are starting our needs assessment work in regard to financing in Kosovo , so that we support the work of the international community and President Ahtisaari .     .
Enlargement is one of the EU’s most powerful policy tools : it exemplifies the EU’s ‘soft power’ , or the power of transformation , which has helped to transform countries to stable democracies and more prosperous societies , with higher levels of economic development and social welfare .
It remains in Europe’s and our citizens ’ fundamental interest to continue a carefully managed accession process .
We have to be cautious about taking on any new commitments , but , at the same time , we must stand by the commitments that we have made , once the countries fulfil the strict conditions for accession .
Broad public support is essential for a sustainable enlargement policy , now more than ever .
With Turkey and Croatia , we started screening the chapters for accession negotiations some three weeks ago .
In Turkey , bold and significant reforms that enhance the rule of law and human rights have now entered into force , but at the same time their implementation remains uneven .
The report underlines that Turkey must make further serious efforts in freedom of expression , women’s rights , religious freedoms , trade union rights , cultural rights and the fight against torture and ill-treatment , where a zero-tolerance policy must be applied in practice .
On a positive note , the Commission now recognises Turkey as a functioning market economy , as long as stabilisation and reform measures are firmly maintained .
The Commission ’s opinion on the application of the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia for EU membership is an objective and fair assessment .
For these reasons , the Commission can recommend the status of candidate country for the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia ; however , the country is not ready to start accession negotiations yet .
We will assess the situation regularly and will recommend opening negotiations only once a sufficient level of compliance with the Copenhagen criteria is reached .
As regards Albania , Serbia and Montenegro , Bosnia and Herzegovina , the time has come to anchor our relationship more strongly by negotiating a stabilisation and association agreement with each of these countries .
For the other two countries , I expect that we may do so towards the end of 2006 , if they make serious progress on reform .
The Commission fully supports the efforts of the UN Status Envoy , President Ahtisaari , to prepare a balanced and sustainable settlement in Kosovo , and we shall of course work closely with him .
We also need to facilitate the status process with appropriate financial resources , and the Commission asks Parliament to work closely with it on that matter ; I count on your support for this very important issue for the security and stability of Europe .
These are indeed two sides of the same coin : the prospect of EU accession comes closer step-by-step in response to real progress in fulfilling the EU’s conditions and criteria .
The Commission remains committed to the EU perspective on the Western Balkans .
Mr President , firstly I should like to thank the honourable Members for their overall support for a carefully managed accession process , which aims to enhance stability , security , freedom and democracy in Europe .
I will group several comments or questions together in order to facilitate a more concise response .
It is the Commission ’s policy to take care of both deepening and widening ; both are important political objectives of the European Union .
Since 1989 , since the tearing down of the Berlin Wall , we have deepened our political integration by creating the single market , the single currency and the Schengen arrangement on the free movement of people , and have reinforced the Common Foreign and Security Policy .
At the same time , the Union has widened : our membership has more than doubled from 12 to 25 .
In the near future , the continuation of constitutional reform is essential for the European Union , in my view , in order to make our decision-making more effective and efficient , to enhance democracy and openness , and to reinforce our