director , Mr Van Gogh .
It is a good thing to reconstruct what was destroyed in our country by Communism and by Milosević , but you who have a Prime Minister , Mr Berlusconi , who has even reconstructed his face , could you also reconstruct the faces of us old people , as that would give us so much pleasure ? ’     Mr President , a few days ago , I was wondering whether the appropriations intended for the Turkish Cypriot community , which amount to EUR 114 million in 2005 and EUR 139 million in 2006 , would go , at least in part , to the pensioners living in the Turkish part of Cyprus .
But you must ask the European Parliament , as the representative of the Pensioners ’ Party , to send you to Havana to speak to Fidel Castro and offer him a good pension .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance has considered it very important to fight for the European Parliament to make its own voice heard on an important issue : respect for a common European feeling in the matter of freedom and non-discrimination .
We continue to regard it as an error , leaving aside his personal competence , for a Commissioner for Justice to be nominated who is a minister who has signed a farcical law on conflict of interest and who comes from a government led by a man , Silvio Berlusconi , for whom a sentence of eight years ’ imprisonment for corruption has just been demanded .
Why , after having lived through the Santer crisis , the Eurostat polemics and the Buttiglione psychodrama , do you take responsibility for weakening your Commission to this level ?
It is true that you are not alone in sharing this responsibility : Messrs Shultz , Poettering and Watson have helped to shoulder it .
Very quickly , Mr President , I should like to conclude by saying that not only is the composition of your Commission a problem but also the direction in which this Commission wishes to go .
Finally , the common foreign and security policy .
There was a Dutch Commissioner criticised for her conflict of interest and there still is ; there was a Hungarian Commissioner who was inadequate for Energy and who has been promoted to Taxation ; there was an Italian Commissioner for Justice who has been rightly removed and another Commissioner , an Italian again , for Justice , to emphasise that the government of that country – whose Prime Minister has notorious judicial problems – needs to be protected by your Commission .
This Commission staunchly upholds the primacy of European law over the laws of individual nations .
Otherwise , you will find in your path the men and women of Europe , who are as hard as the stones of Karnak and as sun-baked as the stones of the Parthenon , who will remain fiercely hostile to you , as they are today .     Madam President , Mr President-elect of the Commission , ladies and gentlemen , you are aware of the deep attachment of the Italian delegation of the Group of the European People’s Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats towards the Barroso Commission .
When you evoke the monster Berlusconi from those benches , we know that it may be written Berlusconi but it is pronounced Kroes .
When you were forced to do so , you made as few changes to your team as possible , forgetting , for example , to replace Mrs Kroes at competition , despite the blatant and serious conflict of interest in which she finds herself .
Finally , there is still some opposition to some of the fundamental political choices that you presented to us in July : I refer to the ambiguity on the subjects of war and peace , to the excessive emphasis that you place on the market and on competitiveness , and to the acceleration that you wish to impose on the processes of liberalisation .
That third entity is the European Parliament .
In any case , you have my best wishes in your work above all for the good of Europe .     Mr President-elect of the Commission , in recent weeks we have been able to see the way in which you deal with this Parliament .
A Commission with such a profile must be dedicated to securing swift approval of the Constitutional Treaty .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , first of all I would like to congratulate Mr De Rossa on his successful and comprehensive report .
According to the annual report which our Ombudsman has presented to us , to date he has been busy – and in this he has also been effectively aided by the network of European national and local ombudsmen – with a huge range of issues : tax provisions , project funding , rules on competition , discrimination on the grounds of gender , race , health , income or other reasons , late payments , contractual disputes , arbitrary discrimination , lack of transparency or the refusal of various EU institutions to provide access to information .
Although he operates in a different context , the European Ombudsman must – or ought to – be a modern , effective and efficient point of contact between the Community institutions and Europeans , bringing us closer to making a reality of every citizen’s fundamental right to sound administration conducted by means of transparent and fair criteria , as enshrined in the Nice Charter .
Large numbers of the elderly , in fact , are in very difficult financial situations , since many of them have pensions which are hardly sufficient to pay for a glass of water and a slice of bread .
