and intolerance for deciding who is allowed to speak on a TV channel .
Primarily , I should like to know which instruments and economic means the Union will use to insist upon safeguarding individual languages , so that the measure that we are about to approve is not simply a vague resolution , but has positive results in the regions concerned .
In my opinion , the Lampedusa issueshould not have been marked down for debate because it is a matter of bilateral agreements between Italy and Libya and the enforcement of Italian laws that do not contravene the EU Treaties .
The Court of Justice has been called upon to give its opinion , and therefore it would be more desirable to await such a decision , and not to put on political trial a government which is facing a continued state of emergency , with the arrival of thousands of impoverished people in a small areawith limited accommodation options , with the not altogether remote danger of indirectly encouraging human traffickers and terrorists .
These are the two points that have been raised on the Lampedusa case , not by those seeking to exploit the situation ,but by the United Nations High Commission for Refugees and by the Court of Strasbourg itself , which has asked Italy to clarify its position before the start of May .
There is an unwillingness , however , to upset relations with Turkey .
I am referring to China : the Commission and the Council have announced their willingness , if not actually their intention , to abolish the arms embargo .
A delegation of Roma from several Italian cities – who have been here for two days to meet Members and increase awareness among them – told me the news as soon as they heard it : they were saddened but stated that , unfortunately , such events continue to occur .
It is obvious that they will not succeed in finding work and that they will be increasingly discriminated against , when they are in that situation .
Everyone , within their own area of expertise , must endeavour to turn words into deeds .     Mr President , I ask for your patience because I am about to say something at odds with what has been said .
You Members who tabled these proposals should explain to the people why you demand that they fulfil duties and only secondarily let them enjoy rights .
I call on the President of the European Parliament to lift this ban , which does no credit to our Parliament and which conflicts with the principle of freedom of expression .
In particular , it conflicts with the principle of freedom of artistic expression , upon which , I believe , our coexistence and the legal order of the European Union are founded .     Mr President , something is not quite right .
You are aware that the last elections held three weeks ago in Italy were , according to many Italian courts , marred by irregularities and fraud in the preparation of electoral lists .
There are important amendments in Mr Hughes’s proposal , above all the involvement of the social partners , that is to say the workers themselves , who are , on the one hand , the victims , and on the other , the proponents of safety and health in the workplace .     .
I can assure you that we have already established relations and contacts at a political level precisely with the non-EU countries that you have mentioned – the United States , Canada , Australia and New Zealand – in order to arrive at a system that will guarantee all Member States , whether old or new , free movement without a visa .
I therefore hope that , in the course of the legislative process , we succeed in amending the directive and establishing identical threshold values for pollutants for all the Member States , so as to guarantee the same levels of toxicity for human beings and the environment .     Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the affection felt for Europe by many European citizens is , unfortunately , beginning to wane .
I therefore hope that this House votes in favour of keeping the three original categories , and I propose that they are implemented by the initial date set of 2011 .     Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I too congratulate the rapporteur on his excellent work , which is an obvious sign of heightened sensitivity , derived from his specific expertise in this area .
Mr President , Commissioner , Minister , ladies and gentlemen , the Committee on Transport and Tourism , which I have the honour of chairing , is following the process of achieving a trans-European transport network ( TEN-T) , as set out in the guidelines codecided by the Council and Parliament in April 2004 , with much attention and with some concern .
If , as I hope , the Commission and the Council confirm their awareness of the strategic value of the TEN-T here today , the assurances required by Parliament as a consequence concern , firstly , whether the appropriation for Community cofinancing of the entire network will be sufficient for all of the 30 projects to be carried out by 2020 ; and , secondly , when and where it will be appropriate for Community cofinancing to be used , so as to back up the far more extensive funding provided by the Member States as well as , where possible , the contributions made by private individuals in private/public partnerships .
If Community cofinancing were made conditional and the endorsement of international bilateral treaties were required , the Member States would be forced to clearly accept their responsibility even for internal sections