for the public , for users and for consumers .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , first of all , I should like to thank Mr Swoboda for the work he has carried out , although having said that , I must tell him that I cannot agree to his suggestion or to what he says in his report , because the Protocol is categorical on this matter .
Unfortunately I do not have it here with me , but I can quote you part of the text , which states that , pursuant to Article 71 , which covers codecision , it authorises the Council and now Parliament - following recent changes to the Treaty codecision applies - to adopt Community measures that - and I quote verbatim - "guarantee equivalent protection of the environment , in particular , a 60 % reduction in pollution " .
I stated , although I did not give a firm commitment , that I intend to propose , as stated in the White Paper on transport policy - which I hope you will soon be able to read , that for particularly sensitive areas such as the Alps , measures must be taken to limit the potentially harmful effects for the environment .
At the moment , the two clauses contradict each other , which is why we are proposing that they be removed .
The purpose of my words , Mr President , is to congratulate Mr Ruffolo for having reminded us so brilliantly of the path that we must take in the field of culture .
This gives rise to a question : why not direct all this potential for intercepting communications which , as has been demonstrated , the countries making up the ECHELON system have at their disposal , to combat terrorists , drug traffickers or the organised mafias which traffic in human beings , instead of using it for an international competition between States which is unfair by any reckoning ?
The creation of a common area of freedom , security and justice is what the European Council in Tampere in October 1999 called for .
Madam President , with absolute respect for all the parliamentary groups , regardless of their political orientation and , of course , for the free vote of Members , I would now ask you to support the report because this is a fundamental issue which goes beyond party disputes .
Therefore , European democracy is also acting as a whole and is reacting by uniting in the battle against terrorism .
And in one place in Europe , in the Basque Country and in Spain , the fascist organisation ETA is jeopardising that coexistence and plurality .
Ladies and gentlemen , I wish to thank you as a Basque for this decision .
I believe that these measures improve the important and priority legal and police action .
Europe , when it goes anywhere , inside or outside , does so with this pairing of 'peace and democratic dialogue ' and clearly , as I insist inside and outside , I do not want to give any example because I would not want it to provoke comparisons which would alter what is positive about this report and this debate .
Because , Madam President , Commissioner , it is contradictory that there should be barriers and borders for judges and police while , for example , criminal groups organise themselves in one country of the European Union , carry out attacks in another and then return to shelter under legislation that is obsolete and incompatible with a common area of freedom , security and justice .
What I regret is that the attempt to reflect this same idea in the final recommendations has failed .
Despite that , this House will most probably accept this report .
Also , the Member States must promote a commitment to rejecting any form of violence among their young people .
It was the first Chamber to produce a recommendation in writing that it was necessary to politically isolate political parties which do not condemn terrorism .
Spain and other places in Europe suffer terrorism .
It was a great innovation that the European Union was going to deal with issues which had always been at the heart of the Member States .
Madam President , I must insist on an issue which I have raised several times during these points of order .
( ES ) The Spanish delegation of the PPE-DE has voted in favour of the report by Baroness Nicholson on the accession of Romania to the European Union in view of the explanations given by the rapporteur with regard to the adoption of Romanian children by Spanish families , explanations which I am grateful for .
However , in any event , ladies and gentlemen , what I would like to point out is that we clearly said that the President of the Commission and the President of the Council were in the Genoa photo and we regret that they have not had time to come to this debate if they considered it so important .
And I must point out that some positive advances have been made .
Therefore , the issue of globalisation which , at our last congress of the International in Paris , two years ago , led to a resolution on the challenges of globalisation , must be , as far as we are concerned , a permanent element of European policy .
But what I cannot understand is that people talk about speaking with civil society and then they put a comma and say , 'and with Parliament , of course ' .
We are going to do all of this .
It was more similar to the situation which I experienced on 11 September 1973 in Santiago , Chile , when Pinochet ' s coup d ' état took place