A patient 's right to safety and information is , in my view , a fundamental right , and I shall therefore pay particular attention to the other proposals in the pharmaceutical package that are yet to be examined in this Chamber .
I welcome the measures proposed to encourage healthcare professionals to voluntarily report adverse drug reactions to their competent authority .
It is vital to have in place a system , involving healthcare professionals and patients , through which adverse drug reactions can be reported securely and reliably .
However , in spite of the existing legislation , it is estimated that there are approximately 197 000 deaths in the EU every year caused by adverse reactions to medicinal products .
Firstly , I believe that it is vital to guarantee environmental and animal protection , with the emphasis on the application of the precautionary principle .
For that very reason , the approach to regulating the marketing and use of biocidal products has to pay particular attention to consumer and user protection .
Three large companies hold about 25 % of the European market .
The European Chemicals Agency , which will be responsible for scientifically evaluating whether the use of a biocide on the market can be authorised , will now have three months to prepare an opinion based on the conclusions of the evaluation and to submit it to the Commission , instead of the nine months previously proposed .
The European Union 's concerns on this matter are therefore completely natural , since it advocates that biocides should be safer and more environmentally friendly .
In view of this , I look very favourably upon the creation of a European Banking Authority , a European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority and a European Securities and Market Authority , because I feel that this is the only way that we can improve the current level of regulation within the European internal market , guaranteeing both incorruptibility and the proper functioning of the markets , while preserving the stability of the financial system and ensuring the coordination of European and international monitoring .
There are countless positive points to the agreement that we have achieved and which is being put to the vote today .
This will ensure the effectiveness of the current reform that the EU institutions are presently engaged in for overseeing financial markets so as to avoid any further risk of a crisis like the one that is currently affecting the global economy , which has had a particular impact on European society .
When voting on it , we bore in mind the way in which the Council , the Commission and Parliament itself delayed measures in this area and confined themselves to adopting decisions that do not alter the basic issue , which is financial speculation , including the question of insurance on sovereign debt , which acts as a highly speculative derivative .
There has , therefore , been no cooperation , coordination or consistency whatsoever in the application of EU legislation .
Initiatives implemented with the intention of resolving this issue should be welcomed .
The European Parliament , aware of its responsibilities and making use of the new powers granted to it under the Treaty of Lisbon , must be called on to play a key role in improving the EU 's supervisory framework .
As I have had occasion to say countless times before , I personally am not afraid of having European supervisory authorities .
I would highlight the rapporteur 's concern to ensure a balanced and realistic proposal , through effective supervision , which will safeguard the financing of the economy , the single market and the interests and objectives of the EU.
Supervision models have not adapted to the globalisation that has occurred within the financial system , in which various financial groups conduct their operations across borders with systemic risk .
I abstained .
Lastly , the European Systemic Risk Board ends up being the weak link in a system that concentrates effective power in the arrangements made between states in their own interest , thus extending the intergovernmental approach that currently marks European integration to the financial sphere .
As the G20 has also committed to take action to build a stronger , more globally consistent supervisory and regulatory framework for the future financial sector , the EU 's response must be ambitious , dealing with particular cases , providing answers on both macro and micro supervisions as well as on global regulation , and focusing on harmonisation and cooperation at global level on systemic risks .
The technical standards adopted as delegated acts should further develop , specify and determine the conditions for consistent harmonisation and uniform application of the rules included in the basic instruments adopted by the European Parliament and the Council , supplementing or amending certain non-essential elements of the legislative act .
I also hope that we will always be willing to learn from experience and take account of best practices in order to help improve what needs improving .
As is now clear due to the consequences of the current economic and financial crisis , the continued success of the European integration process is absolutely dependent on its ability to find solutions for strengthening the powers of integrated supervisory structures at European level .
Hence , the aim of this directive is an overall improvement in the functioning of the internal market by ensuring a high level of supervision and prudential regulation , and by protecting depositors , investors and all beneficiaries .
The ESA should act in accordance with the procedure set out in the regulation establishing it and this directive .
It is essential to safeguard the position of those who are suffering most from this crisis and to ensure credit facilities in future crises .
To this end ,