Spain , with its socialist Prime Minister Zapatero , has proved that democracy with equality can be achieved .     Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the European social model has not developed out of nowhere nor is it the result of pure chance , but is , in fact , based on our economic history .
What we need , in my view , is more stability and fewer stop-gap measures , more certainty and continuity of employment and less public support for major companies , particularly multinationals , which benefit from incentives and tax breaks from the European Union and its Member States , often repaying this by relocating and committing fraud which adversely affects savers .
Against this backdrop , aggressive statements from Washington are not helpful .
In 1945 in Japan , the atomic bomb wiped out two cities , with consequences which even today are having an impact on the lives of millions of citizens and the surrounding environment .
International coordination is needed to combat nuclear arms proliferation , and to increase police control and legal methods for monitoring , based on Dr ElBaradei’s seven steps , among which I would mention the five-year moratorium on new facilities , the unequivocal commitment to disarm by the five officially-recognised nuclear states , and the objective of making the Middle East a nuclear-free zone .
All parts of Lebanon’s complex society must feel they are involved in this process and in the protection of their country ’s unity and territorial integrity .
With regard to Syria , it is a vital country in the Middle East as a whole , a country which can and must opt unreservedly for democracy , for the fight against terrorism and for a constructive role in the solution of the Israel-Palestine conflict .
Only respect for law in international relations and for democracy in internal affairs can guarantee peace , stability and prosperity across the Middle East as a whole .
It seems to me that , from that point of view , we are all really on the sidelines and are giving bad advice .     – Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , Europe has long ignored , almost to the point of forgetting them , the historical and political characteristics of Lebanon , an outlying bastion of Christianity – albeit not alone – in that unsettled region .
Now , what has been termed ‘the spring of Lebanon ’ needs political support , pressure and assistance .
I believe the directive lacks a clear legal framework and runs the risk of allowing the large IT multinationals to patent not only the software used in industrial applications but also other types of computer program , thereby seriously restricting the use of technological innovations in this area .
It is up to the issuing countries to decide whether they deem the wider dissemination of information on a wanted person , for example via publication on the Interpol website , is of added value .
The first meeting in 2005 took place in February , so the Commission would therefore be in a position to provide a final reply in the second half of 2005 .     Mr President , I will reply to the first and third questions together .
As far as I am concerned , given my recent membership of the Joint Parliamentary Assembly , I propose to make only three very brief points .
We need to make progress decisively and patiently in the field of human rights and towards a strengthening of the International Criminal Court , in order to achieve greater mutual understanding .
I therefore believe we need to be extremely careful , vigilant and clear .
It is a fact that nobody likes paying taxes , but we do not share the aim of indiscriminately cutting taxes to a minimum , because that would only lead to greater social inequalities .
Lastly , I think that coming out explicitly against the patentability of software means affirming that innovation ‘made in Europe ’ is fostered through the freedom and dissemination of knowledge and not by protecting the large multinationals and their monopolies .
Politics , finance and the economy have to find new rules for running the system imposed by the global market , to replace the rules that governed the market before globalisation .
It is essential to think in terms of social economics in parallel with development economics .
I should , however , like to call on my fellow Members not to regard the regulation as a symbol of good or evil any longer , as polarisation of that kind implies that in the end there will be winners and losers .
As the Union budget quite rightly obliges us to provide for agriculture to the tune of 50 % , this step would prevent Europe from remaining just a guardian of animal capital rather than the promoter of human capital .     . – Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I feel , quite frankly , that the debate in this Chamber is rather paradoxical , since we are taking a fragmented approach to issues such as the Lisbon Strategy , the Financial Perspectives , the forthcoming European Council and the possible ways to reform the Stability and Growth Pact .
The last , by the way , is an issue on which everyone except Parliament is taking action .
We have to set off along a new path , one that breaks with economics and monetarism , is based on an upward harmonisation of rights and wage levels and provides new impetus for quality development .
That is not what Europe needs right now .
Looking beyond the current compromises , inevitable hypocrisies and tiresome tactical manoeuvring between those who want rigour and those who want flexibility , between grasshoppers and ants , the essence of the debate on the Stability and Growth Pact still remains the golden rule , or