countries - both by the efforts of Afghanistan and Pakistan , and by the international community .
I will answer some of your questions .
In these areas , Afghanistan and Pakistan will need our support for a very , very long time to come .
Most important of all , of course , is to support the work that the Afghan government is doing to create greater prosperity and good social governance .
We now have a better picture and we are very much looking forward to your report , which can help us as we move forward with this work , as well as to cooperating with you and the Committee on Foreign Affairs .
We have increased the workforce by 280 international personnel .
NATO is now to become involved in police training through its training mission and naturally , we need to intensify our cooperation in this area .
The EU is one partner .
That is the signal we must send out .
That is why we need the EU to be committed .
I know that this issue is one that is of great interest to many Members .
When we discussed this , we focused on two important aspects .
I feel that the result was a well-balanced decision that takes these aspects into account .
Secondly , we are open to the possibility of visa facilitation and readmission agreements between the EU and Belarus .
In our discussions , we took into account the fact that the situation in Belarus is better than it was 18 months ago , despite the fact that there have been some backward steps .
Our full support is therefore required .
Can we then exploit this situation to encourage Belarus to change track ?
Last year 's decision to suspend visa restrictions after Minsk had released the final prisoners in August 2008 helped bring about some progress in our dialogue .
We have set out the conditions , and now we must proceed reasonably and prudently .
One is the development of a formal agreement and the other is the possibility of visa facilitation and readmission agreements .
A partnership and cooperation agreement would also allow Belarus to participate fully in the bilateral element of the Eastern Partnership .
It is entirely in line with the aims of the Eastern Partnership .
Consequently , we have an interest in seeing Belarus modernise , develop and move towards becoming a democratic , free country .
The importance of having democratic neighbouring countries is a cornerstone of our security strategy .
I would like to end by emphasising that naturally , we must continue to set clear conditions in our relations with Belarus .
This is the message that we are sending in all the bilateral contacts that take place between the Member States and Belarus .
We are very grateful for the significant support and commitment demonstrated by the European Parliament in this work .
The report from the UN group of experts emphasises that a number of armed groups active in the country are supported by a well-organised network that is partly based within the European Union .
I am sure that the Commission will say more about this later .
Bearing all this in mind , there have been both positive and negative developments .
These now have to be implemented .
These groups are directly responsible for targeting civilians and for an enormous amount of human suffering .
These crimes are spreading throughout the country on an alarming scale , despite President Kabila 's announcement of a so-called zero tolerance policy .
Management problems , insufficient transparency and infringements of citizens ' and political rights represent serious obstacles to the democratisation process .
In this regard , reform of the security sector is crucial to the country 's stabilisation .
All players within this sector , including the Congolese authorities , must strive to ensure that the common interest in reform of the security sector is genuinely safeguarded .
We will continue our wide-ranging commitment in the country and will continue to speak plainly wherever international law and human rights are infringed .
Commissioner De Gucht gave a long account of the EU 's operations .
The perpetrators must not be allowed to go free .
As a result , EUPOL DR Congo is to send two multidisciplinary teams to the provinces of North Kivu and South Kivu , with a mandate covering the entire country .
In such a large country , it is modest .
Thank you for your question , Mr Posselt .
We noted the Commission 's communication of 14 October , which states that the general legal and institutional framework for respecting human rights is in place in Serbia and that progress has been made as regards improving compliance with international human rights legislation .
With regard to the specific situation in southern Serbia to which the honourable Member referred , some very violent incidents did indeed take place in July , including an attack on the gendarmerie based there .
There are also positive developments with regard to the sensitive issue of education .
The region 's weak economic and social development presents an obstacle for the ethnic minorities in southern Serbia .
As a result , dealing with the consequences of the economic crisis is one of the major challenges facing the EU.
In view of our ageing population , the Member States of the EU must bring down current levels of unemployment and ensure these high levels of unemployment do not become permanent .
We underlined the fact that since the labour market situation varies so much between different Member States , the measures taken must also differ .
As part of this Plan , in June 2009 , the Council and the European Parliament adopted a Regulation amending the Regulation on establishing the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund