The monetary authorities have taken advantage of the lower risk in the field of price stability in order to cut interest rates , and budgetary policies have supported the activity by means of the functioning of automatic stabilisers and tax reductions which have taken place during this period .
We believe that this is a fundamental element .
In the report which the Commission has sent to Lisbon , we suggest some of the challenges we consider fundamental .
Safety in employment must be based on training and qualification , and this is a fundamental active element for everybody .
Your Resolution stresses the need to attach more importance to R+D.
Your contributions , together with the debates which are going to come out of Lisbon , will be fundamental elements for defining our document , which will be presented , as usual , in April , so that it may be debated in the subsequent months .
The question refers to Resolution 1270 of the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe which says that , while it has been frustratingly slow , some progress has been made thanks to positive changes of attitude now visible within the Russian Federation in relation to dealing with the conflict .
The European Union will not miss any opportunity to insist on a political solution and , for its part , the OSCE is still playing a useful role through the presence of its Assistance Group .
Mr President , the Council and the Commission are working actively together in preparation for the summit between the European Union and Russia , which will take place in Moscow on 28 May , and within the framework of this bilateral dialogue we intend to raise all the issues relating to the situation in Chechnya .
Yes , Mr President , I can answer .
The same conclusions stressed the importance of constructive dialogue between organisers of public demonstrations and the authorities of the country in question , as well as the importance of maintaining close international contacts , particularly between police and customs authorities , in order to ensure that legitimate demonstrations are not taken advantage of or abused in order to commit acts of collective or individual violence .
I would like to say to the honourable Member that the problems raised are not due to a lack of dialogue .
Furthermore , it stresses that the issue raised is not within its competence , but that of the Intergovernmental Review Conference , which is currently preparing the Convention created by the Laeken European Council on 14 and 15 December 2001 .
The actions include , firstly , access to pharmaceutical products and , in particular , the flexible application of the ADPIC ( Trips ) agreement in relation to intellectual property , which allows us to confront public health problems , amongst other things , through the discretionary power to grant obligatory licences in certain exceptional circumstances , including those involving the protection of public health .
That Decision also stipulates that in 2002 the Commission must present the European Parliament and the Council with a first report on the management and working methods of the World Fund .
Mr President , I would like to thank the President-in-Office of the Council for the exhaustive information he has provided me with this afternoon .
Mr Secretary of State , I believe that this is an issue of cultural characteristics and open democratic characteristics .
I repeat that the Council of the Union is not involved in this issue in any way whatsoever .
In the revised Association for the accession of Romania , adopted by the Council on 28 January 2002 , amongst the intermediate priorities and objectives , it is stipulated that Romania must maintain the moratorium on international adoption until new legislation is adopted which is compatible with interests of the children and with Romania 's international obligations , and the necessary administrative capacity to apply the new legislation is guaranteed .
My answer is as follows : yes , the Association Council took place yesterday with Romania and the Spanish Foreign Affairs Minister and the President-in-Office of the Council dealt with this issue directly with the Romanian Minister for Foreign Affairs , Mr Geoana , and we received assurances that they would continue to do everything possible to conclude all these adoption procedures which , as you have mentioned , began under former legislation and have become paralysed .
I think it is indeed within the Council 's competence to state , through the appropriate channels , that every institution must abide by the rules that are , as my colleague Mrs Cerdeira has said , laid down in the Treaty and in the Charter of Fundamental Rights that has very recently been drawn up and proclaimed by the Council .
Mr President , the Spanish Presidency is delighted with the positive state of relations between the European Union and Morocco and is determined to develop these on several levels : firstly , with the implementation of the Association Agreement that entered into force on 1 March , which sets the stage for close cooperation in a number of areas ; the creation of a free trade area and the establishment of political dialogue , elements which all have a particular importance for the development of global relations with this country .
The latter paves the way for the creation of a free trade area , initially between Morocco , Egypt , Jordan and Tunisia , and , if this proves successful , other countries in the region which have an Association Agreement with the European Union will also have access to this area .
Mr President , to tell the truth , this answer simply consists of reading out the agenda of meetings , which I think has no real political value and is very misleading , given that the question that was , in fact , asked