those who have a need to know .
The proposal from the trustees rests on a line-up of seven members .
Nonetheless , it would be advisable for health policy in Europe to be developed by the two co-legislators , i .e . you and us , as the outcome of a political dialogue and a democratic process .
One could even say that the proposal for a directive has more to do with the wish to incorporate and adapt Court of Justice case law than with excluding health services from the services directive and therefore with the demands by some MEPs for a specific sectoral instrument covering health services .
Nor must we forget that prior authorisation is also a protective measure for patients , since it ensures that any care provided in another Member State will be reimbursed .
Basically , Jean Lambert was saying that cross-border care is not a goal in itself and Derek Roland Clark pointed out that perhaps we should make sure the provisions of the new directive did not ultimately benefit only a few of the wealthiest , most educated and best informed patients while the poorest patients would , of course , be treated unfairly .
I believe it is entirely possible to hold those discussions at the same time .
The European Commission is right to insist that a large share of the responsibility lies with the US authorities .
I would add that , in this period of uncertainty and precariousness for millions of our fellow citizens , my group feels it is absolutely unacceptable that directors who have led their institutions to bankruptcy should not suffer the consequences .
For one and a half years , we had uncertainty ; we have to reassure , accept and go on with the system , for the environment , for our planet , but we also have to accept what is happening financially .
The EIB , to start with , should be given the responsibility and resources for achieving the task of guaranteeing SMEs access to all the credit they need to develop production , provided that real , properly paid jobs are created and the rights of their employees are respected .
We need to get up to speed very quickly in this area and regain the momentum we had a few years ago - you will be discussing this - in order to finalise the organisation set up as part of the work carried out by Mr Lamfalussy .
We must have a European energy policy with substance , and here too we have fallen behind and need to move swiftly .
The economic and financial crisis is the most visible .
The Council will continue to work on a strategy for Belarus .
Our message is that the European Union is prepared to budge if the authorities in Minsk make an effort .
In its judgment , the Court issues a reminder of the importance of the openness and transparency of the legislative process to allow citizens to be more involved in decision-making .
I do not wish to bore you with too much technical information or too many figures .
Transparency is absolutely key .
To be honest , we must also strike the right balance with the legal basis , with genuine transparency and with the proceedings actually involved .
Finally , we need to give our debates political meaning .
Let us act now and disprove the old English adage that 'you never miss the water till the well runs dry ' . on behalf of the PSE Group . - ( FR ) Mr President , Commissioner , many of us here have just had the pleasure of hearing you announce a number of positive developments that have never been mentioned before , and which will no doubt appear in the communication from the Commission to the European Parliament and to the Council , which we look forward to receiving .
We have close ties with Iceland .
As you know , the European social partners have already demonstrated that they understand what is at stake by presenting , at the end of the summer , eight joint proposals on the basis of which they are prepared - they have said they are prepared - to accept the Commission 's proposal , my dear Vladimir .
The Commission supports Parliament 's amendments aiming to ensure that spouses can make an enlightened choice .
I should now like to respond to three questions that you have asked the Commission .
I am thinking in particular of rights of access to children and custody , with regard to which the current situation in Europe is not entirely satisfactory .
Look , there is a paradox here .
This debate is drawing to a close and I thank the European Parliament very much , for I believe that a great majority of Members really do want us to go down this road , while taking all the care necessary to arrive at the greatest possible consensus .
For the sake of clarity , the agreement also provides that PNR data may be processed on a case-by-case basis where necessary for the protection of the vital interests of the person concerned .
However , we are in the initial stages only .
Despite that , we have limited the proposal to organised crime for reasons of proportionality .
Above all , the Commission believes that , in these times in which we find ourselves , international terrorism and crime pose serious threats , and that these measures must be taken to deal with these problems , while remaining completely respectful of human rights and fundamental rights .
Mr President , I would like to thank all the MEPs who have spoken and I can assure you that I will certainly be present at the Council that is to take place this week , where I will report on the comments that have been made