the damage this would cause at institutional level would be severe and , quite frankly , unacceptable .     Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I have before me President Prodi’s manifesto .
If Mr Prodi claims to have addressed Europe as a whole then he is speaking a load of codswallop , not least in that I do not seem to remember seeing any olive trees sprouting up and growing in countries such as Sweden or Finland .     Mr President , Mr President of the Commission , Council representative , ladies and gentlemen , I fully agree with everything Mr Salafranca has said on Eurostat and , in this opinion , I would point out the rightful need for a transparent response , which has been fully met by what the Commission has done and by the action plan presented today .
It pained me to hear Mr Procacci , who had not read the OLAF reports or the audit , describing this as a minor incident ; if we were to read the reports he would realise that they are extremely disturbing .
We are a great deal in advance with our work , not least because we were quite aware that the interruptions in the coming year will cause substantial delays .
I still remember the eyebrows of the German Minister for Finance , when I was Prime Minister of Italy , as they frowned at me , forcing me to accept the Stability Pact .
We have now made it more flexible and , I believe , more workable , and the Commission will enforce it properly in this framework , taking into account the genuine problems but also bearing in mind that the Pact is the basis of our protection of the euro .
It is not a question of any particular country : the entire Ecofin system is , at present , heading in that direction .
As regards OLAF , there is a key concept : we are on no account trying to turn the Eurostat crisis into an OLAF crisis .
This will be decided by OLAF .
Lastly , a personal response to Mr Poettering : I would remind him , first of all , of the total legitimacy of the document containing my opinions , my experiences and my dreams , too , regarding the future of Europe .
Therefore , I wonder why the words of such an intensely European programme which are so dear to you , Mr Poettering , and to us all , can cause such concern .
If anyone wants to relinquish their current role , let them state this clearly : they can take on another role but they cannot have two institutional roles at the same time .
We all know the limits that were set for self-handling ,the provisions that we abolished , those which provided for a type of Wild West without any regulations for new ports , for new sections of ports or for port sections not open to commercial services .
It will therefore continue to supervise use of the ‘Supplier of Choice ’ in order to ensure that Community competition rules are respected .
Of course , if a business that presents a complaint to the Commission considers it appropriate to make this public , then it is fully entitled to do so .     In fact , I am referring back to Mr Cushnahan’s and also to Mr Sandbæk’s questions .
In addition to the human tragedy , the situation causes a continual decrease in the proportion of the healthy population whose productivity and know-how are the mainstay of European society .
Of course , the new instruments for early diagnosis , before being offered at European level , should be examined and validated carefully by means of trials .
The European institutions have , moreover , shown that they are aware of the urgent need for joint action that will enable the Agency to actually be operational from the beginning of 2004 , as the Heads of State or Government recommended to the Spring 2003 European Council .
Today , an attack on an information system can put entire nations in serious difficulty .
From this point of view , the Presidency upholds the importance of creating a new culture of security , in which such a concept is not just taken to mean a cost for operators to bear , but as a real and genuine opportunity for market development , also to be achieved by boosting consumer confidence .
I hope , therefore , that , in a few days , we will be able to celebrate the adoption of this regulation .
To conclude , I want to thank Commissioner Liikanen , the rapporteur , Mr Paasilinna , and Mr van Velzen , Mrs Mann and Mrs Plooij-van Gorsel , as well as , of course , all the other members of the committee .     As regards the request that was put forward , I can only reply in the affirmative .
We will make every effort to ensure that , in future , adequate control measures are adopted and respected .
This idea was confirmed in the Conciliation Committee and Parliament obtained provision for adequate training to be given not only to staff at establishments in question but also to sub-contracted staff at these establishments .
I will end , Mr President , by thanking the Commission and the Members .
I would ask you , Mr President , to do something about this kind of rule which has been established and get it changed .     .
Nevertheless , no Member State has called into question the objective – which is also an imperative political need – of bringing the Intergovernmental Conference to a successful conclusion within the timeframe suggested at Thessaloniki and confirmed at Brussels in October by our Heads of State and Government .
