The recipient organizations also have a heavy responsibility to create an effective framework for voluntary work .
The Commission should pay particular attention to evacuations , which must contain quantitative indicators as well as those for content and quality .
This is a substantial and important youth policy programme which , if it succeeds , will have a significant multiplier effect on the mobility and employability of young people all over Europe .
However , the implementation of the programme is being held up in a number of Member States .
The case of my own country , Finland , illustrates the seriousness of the problems with the implementation of the programme .
This problem , which relates to national decision-making , makes it impossible to apply the principle of reciprocity between Member States .
Finally , I should like once again to express my support for the committee 's view that the Commission should submit before the end of next year to Parliament and the Council a report commenting on the main priorities of the Union 's youth policy in the next millennium .
Mr President , my warmest congratulations to Mrs Pack on her fine report and her energetic work in defence of the Socrates Programme .
The Socrates Programme is really a European success story which is coming to a sad and untimely end just as it was gaining speed , at least as regards its objectives .
And even this increase will not be enough to meet the growing needs and expectations of the present Member States , since this amount of additional funding will be needed just to launch this programme properly in the CEECs .
Activities of the type of the Socrates Programme amount to much better and more positive information work than hastily completed information campaigns .
In the same way it would be irresponsible to state coolly to the young people of the current Member States that Socrates is an elite programme for a chosen few , in which the number and level of grants does not even begin to meet requirements .
In the EU , there is justified concern that citizens do not feel the EU 's activity relates to or is meaningful for them .
With that in mind , we cannot afford to weaken the credibility of this programme which is so important to our citizens and works so well .
Mr President , in connection with these unfortunate elections it has become clear that violence is again on the increase in East Timor .
We must do everything we can to put an end to this .
The situation is really becoming more intolerable day by day .
Mr President , I should like to thank Mrs Pack for her important report .
Mrs Pack has in my opinion drawn up a balanced report which I have been able to be actively involved in preparing .
I am disappointed that the Intergovernmental Conference which is now drawing to a close will not be making any changes to the status of sport in Union legislation .
A great deal of anti-drug work is also carried on through sport .
This is an absurd situation , because sport 's legislative status contrasts crassly with its position in society .
All the Union 's decision-making and legislation affects sports .
However , sports organizations and sports clubs are not consulted in the preparatory stages about legislation which affects them .
Young people who practise sports are also unable to take part in any EU programme , because sport has no status .
Amateur sports clubs do a lot of good voluntary youth work which has a wide range of positive effects on society .
The annual budget of ECU 3 m for Eurathlon is ridiculously small .
Without the active promotion of Parliament it would have been even smaller , for which we have to thank the Budget Committee and the Culture Committee .
However , the conclusions of the Amsterdam summit concerning the Agreement on Stability and Growth contain a direct reference to the Council declaration , which in turn stresses adherence to very strict , automatic procedures for assessing excessive deficits .
How is this to be reconciled with your efforts to promote employment , or was the declaration on employment needed purely to enable the French to return home in safety ?
Otherwise there is a danger that these countries will be left empty-handed at the beginning of 1999 .
The Directive , which was originally presented as an amending proposal by the Commission , has gradually acquired genuine substance of its own .
It is also an improvement on the earlier Directive that the new proposal takes into account environmentally hazardous compounds and requires them to be classified and labelled .
However , this information would concern only substances hazardous to health , and not those hazardous to the environment .
Many workers , as well as the trade unions , are aware of issues relating to health , safety at work and the environment .
Certain sensitizing and possibly allergenic substances should be marked even if they can only provoke a reaction in sensitized people .
My thanks to Mr Tomlinson .
This is a blemish which ought to be expunged .
The European Parliament 's systems are years behind those at the Member States ' parliaments - at any rate Finland 's .
Originally , running costs amounted to two and a half million ECU , or approximately 100 Belgian francs per customer per day , assuming that every employee and every Member eats every working day .
I do not see any need for subsidies .
Canteens and a possible Parliament shop ought to be organized by means of open competitions - the approach which has in fact already been adopted in many Member States . 3-079
He has decided to put these matters in order if the working party