Although a French action , it has widespread international implications .
The main substitute for MBM is soya protein .
The French ban will create a massive increase in demand , yet supply of this commodity is limited .
The result will be exceptionally heavy pressure on prices .
Finished animal feed costs throughout Europe could rise by as much as 20 or 30 % .
Since feed costs amount to 60 % of overheads , producers will be heavily squeezed .
This may prove to be the last straw for thousands of small pig-farming businesses .
Furthermore , the ban creates considerable stress in the slaughtering sector .
Waste products could be sold to processors for £25 a ton .
They now cost £75 a ton for disposal .
For a medium-sized slaughterhouse killing 2,500 pigs a week , this adds £120,000 a year to costs , very little of which can be recouped .
As to the way out , more funding of the agricultural sector is not the solution .
We need species-specific feedmeals dedicated to specific livestock sectors so that MBM can continue to be supplied to the pig and poultry markets without fear of cross-contamination to the bovine sector .
If that can be done , there will be no need for a continuing ban or for extra subsidies .
Mr President , like many others , I want to thank Commissioner Byrne for his customary vigilance and also the French Minister for being here today .
As an Englishman , I welcome the measures the French have taken .
There is a general acknowledgement that BSE , which began as a British disease and today is being presented as a French crisis , is really a European disease - a European problem - and it must be tackled on that basis .
There should not be any recriminations between the nation states or between different generations of government on this issue .
We must tackle this .
The Minister said that MBM was a low-cost foodstuff .
It is not a low-cost food stuff if it helps to spread BSE and its human derivative .
That is the essential problem here today .
Many speakers have said that we need to extend the ban on meat-and-bone meal as a mammalian food stuff .
The UK already bans it from all farm livestock .
Our own Food Standards Agency will be pronouncing very soon on intra-species recycling , and I hope they will condemn it also .
We need to take these precautions , and we need to take them quickly for the benefit of all the countries of Europe .
Mr Byrne did not say very much today , as he was widely trailed to have done , about testing .
I am glad that we are still looking at the extension of testing on an experimental basis .
There are still doubts about the validity of tests , particularly on younger animals , and we have heard from other speakers about the huge size of the herd in Europe that would have to be tested even if old animals are to be taken out of the food chain .
Lastly , we must make greater speed in urging the Council to act on our behalf .
Everyone has said that and everyone knows it to be true .
You must move .
We have just heard that it took four years to agree a ban on SRMs in the food chain .
We do not have another four years .
We may not have another one year .
We must take precautions now , not just on behalf of those of us who are concerned , but on behalf of the complacent minority of Member States as well .
It is for their benefit that we do it .
Madam President , I speak today both as an MEP and a beef farmer from the United Kingdom .
The farming industry in Britain has suffered greatly from the BSE crisis , both financially and in terms of consumer confidence .
However , we have learnt a great deal over the years as to how to put our house in order .
We now have a belt-and-braces system for the safety of our beef .
Recently , the Phillips inquiry into BSE has been published in the UK.
I am pleased that you , Commissioner Byrne , have read that report .
I hope that you will act on it .
The French Government should also read this report because they are in danger of making exactly the same mistakes as were made in the UK at the time of our BSE crisis .
But we now have the benefit of hindsight .
I suggest that the French Government should learn from us .
I have never been convinced by the argument put forward by France that the whole-herd slaughter policy was the right way to tackle outbreaks of BSE in their country .
The recent problem in Normandy of an infected animal being presented as a healthy animal highlights the resistance there is in the farming community to having their entire herds slaughtered .
Furthermore , the recent tests that have been carried out in France of fallen stock have shown several hidden cases of BSE.
I have long been suspicious that in order to avoid having their whole herds slaughtered animals have been secretly shot and buried on farms in France .
The British system of removing infected animals from the herds and paying good compensation for those animals encourages farmers to declare their cases of BSE.
I call upon the European Commission to carry out a total review of the systems that are in place in France to deal with cases of BSE.
In Britain we have also learnt that it is very difficult to stop meat-and-bone meal , that is produced and incorporated in the feedingstuffs for pigs and poultry , also - either by accident or by intention