we remember the appalling lessons of history .
For this reason it is essential that politicians now take the ethical responsibility which properly belongs to them .
This takes concrete form in the shape of social hygiene , in which the aim is to isolate 'wrong ' forms of life from the more favoured , and to destroy the unfit .
A reminder of this has also been provided by the representatives of the disabled groups which have visited our committee : we must not create the type of society in which only the healthy are welcome .
In the technical sense , these involve the same procedure ; and if we look at the case from the point of view of the embryo , in both cases this becomes a utility for someone or something other than its own , unique purpose .
The rapporteur has also carried out very valuable work by holding discussions with the Commission and Council , in order to ensure that the start-up of the food authority is not delayed ; this means that at the Laeken Summit a genuine decision really has to be made concerning the siting of the office .
Mr President , Minister , Commissioner , my colleagues , Europe 's greatest change is , of course , the networking which has taken place ; this certainly unifies us Europeans more than a common currency .
The core philosophy of the entire grand project for an electronic Europe is that the digital divide should not take hold in Europe in the way that it threatens to take hold in many other parts of the world ; and we , as well as Parliament , the Council and the Commission all share a common line here .
This means that , to an ever increasing extent , the same content can be prepared on the same hardware , be transferred along the same routes and be received on the same apparatus .
This will maintain a low pricing level , easy access , and employment and growth in this area .
A telecoms package which consolidates the Union 's telecommunication legislation will have great significance in competition with others outside the European Union .
It will result in us having more harmonised markets for this sector which in itself is already international and border-transcending .
Of these five statutes , I regard the framework directive to be the most important .
It has gone far in order to meet Parliament half way , and in my opinion we should approve it .
Now for the first time , and this can be regarded as a breakthrough , the Commission can intervene in a national statute , if this statute is not in harmony with the general statutes , both in the definition of the market and in the definition of a significant market position .
If this is so , then this package should in my opinion be approved .
I have been given to understand that the Commission is also of this view .
Mr President , Commissioner , on behalf of the ELDR Group I too would like to start by warmly thanking chairman Graefe zu Baringdorf and our consultative committee , which carried out very valuable work and demonstrated in an exemplary fashion that when one believes in what one does and makes strong efforts on its behalf , one will reach one 's goals .
As Mr Graefe zu Baringdorf stated , in Germany open declaration was eliminated in 1979 , while here in Finland it was eliminated in 1995 .
These include the byproducts of the food industry which Mr Kinderman mentioned ; new feedingstuffs arrive all the time , while others disappear .
Once again my warm thanks go to the consultative committee , which carried out splendid work from the viewpoint of Parliament and , particularly , from that of the farmers .
The Doha development programme , which includes the liberalisation of trade as well as elements of new rules , stressed the commitment of the developed countries to capacity building in respect of the less developed countries and to helping them implement already existing WTO rules .
Every country had the opportunity to torpedo any collective decision - nobody did so , however .
The Union ' s own goals at Doha at least were successfully achieved .
In addition to being involved in the negotiations process itself , Commissioners Lamy and Fischler , together with Mrs Neyts-Uyttebroeck also , kept us Members of Parliament , who were following the events , well aware the whole time of where things were going .
Sustainable development and the inclusion of environmental considerations in trade policy decisions were agreed to be an all-embracing objective in future talks , something that is certainly of crucial importance to us , the countries in the Union .
Our parliamentary group , which held talks with several delegations that were present at Doha , thought it regrettable that the US Congress did not send their representatives there .
Hopefully , Germany , as we unofficially heard at Doha , will before very long take the matter up formally in the WTO bodies .
A statement has been made in many consecutive summits , most recently at Nice , on the social importance of sport .
The Committee on Budgets has repeated the proposal by the Committee on Culture , Youth , Education , the Media and Sport , which was agreed in Parliament ' s first reading , for an appropriation of five million euros for preparatory actions for a Community policy in the field of sport .
The appropriation would be used , for example , to help the work of sports associations to prevent exclusion amongst youth .
It would also be very much in harmony with preparations for the physical education theme year