deputy chairman of the Cypriot parliament 's delegation to the EU-Cyprus joint parliamentary committee .
These resolutions , together with the interventions of the presidents of the foreign and defence ministers and Mr Patten , leave us in no doubt whatsoever as to the extent of the militarisation and aggression of the European Union .
This , they tell us , will enable operations such as the criminal bombing of Yugoslavia and the continuing occupation of Kosovo to be carried out more successfully and at the initiative of the European Union , which will back up and complement ÍÁÔÏ .
This is the enemy which your CFSP has in its sights .
Mr President , today we are debating two politically important reports , both of which basically concern the CFSP.
As it takes shape , the CFSP will experience numerous ups and downs ; however , it will help realise our dream of a political Europe .
If it is to retain its political attraction , the CFSP needs to be determined on the basis of the Member States of the European Union , not on the basis of isolationist or exclusionist rationales , but as a strong driving force behind the cohesion of the European Union .
And , as it strengthens its democratic institutions , Europe also needs to consolidate its economic and social power and cohesion , its strategic potential to act as a force of peace and its technological edge .
Eighty lives were lost and the final act of the tragedy was played out just yesterday , when the chief executive officer of the company which owned the ship committed suicide .
We have reached agreement as far as my report is concerned and , once it has passed its first reading , that will be that and we shall be able to start withdrawing single-hull tankers .
However , Minister , from my discussions today it would appear that your proposal is a little late - most people doubt that it will be technically possible for Parliament to find time in this last week to discuss the matter in detail from the beginning and vote on it in December .
Obviously , withdrawing single-hull tankers is a step in the right direction - in fact the IMO has also been making moves in this direction under the Marpol convention for some years now - and I think that the fact that the withdrawal of these tankers is being accelerated is even more encouraging .
In this sense , the initiative by the French Presidency to contact the IMO , the International Maritime Organisation , in a bid to find a solution was an important initiative , because this is an international problem and international problems need international solutions .
For large tankers I have kept to the timetable of the IMO , the International Maritime Organisation .
For small tankers , we have adopted a compromise position between the 5000-tonne limit set by the ÉÌÏ and the 600-tonne limit set by the Commission .
And there is nothing which international organisations such as the IMO or technology , black boxes and so on can do to provide this sort of regulation .
Finally , everything we have said in our amendments in support of social and working conditions on board ships is quite simply a question of social and political solidarity .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , clearly the issue of safety at sea , in other words , the safety of human life and environmental protection , is a very serious issue .
If we are to deal with it , we need strict , modern rules with reliable inspectors and suitably-staffed government agencies to ensure that they are applied .
However , they would be impossible to apply without taking other basic aspects of the problem into account .
In other words , we must not exaggerate .
The tragedy is that , even if regulations are introduced , they will not stop the type of accident in which the Greek car ferry Express Samina was involved , i .e . where a captain "decides " to ram his ship into charted , well-lit rocks .
There appears to be agreement as far as my report is concerned , which is a good start .
.
At the same time , big shipowners ply their trade uncontrolled under flags of convenience and the state of world shipping goes from bad to worse .
We also need to extend seaworthiness surveys and inspections by the competent authorities to ships of any nationality sailing in the territorial waters of the Member States and to promote similar measures at international level under resolutions by the ÉÌÏ , paying particular attention and applying particularly strict measures to ships sailing under flags of convenience .
We feel that a differential charging system for port and pilotage dues for double-hull oil tankers should not be introduced at the expense of the revenue of the port and other funds to which dues are currently channelled ; on the contrary , dues for double-hull ships should be maintained at present levels and gradually increased for single-hull ships .
For these reasons , the MEPs of the Communist Party of Greece voted against the report .
The prisoners ' mothers are also on hunger strike .
Solidarity is being expressed in numerous countries .
I should like Parliament to protest to the Turkish Government through you , through its presidency , calling on it to stop this particularly inhumane practice and not to isolate political prisoners .
Unfortunately , although the right measures are taken , they are unable to prevent new risks and diseases from emerging which the drugs available are unable to treat , and the medical community is obliged to find modern , more effective ways of meeting these challenges