In practice , it is made considerably more difficult by the fact that not even in the European Union are there identical or at least comparable legal standards governing important issues .
Without such standards we will not make any further progress on this issue .
So what do we consider important here ?
However , we finally decided to reject the amendment because we believe that any support programme inevitably implies positive discrimination , in this case away from transporting goods exclusively by road and towards combined transport , and also in favour of regions and competitors who give priority to combined transport .
I therefore support the amendments tabled , as do all the Members of my group , and I hope that they will also enjoy the support of the House .
We want this sector no longer to be regarded with mistrust by the authorities or by certain sides of industry which consider themselves to be removed from everyone else .
Secondly , the existing funds for the SME are currently so small that the charitable sector cannot also have a share of it .
We had a long fight before this demand was even recognized .
There is still a lot of talk about protection and support measures and too little said about the structures which lead to market place competitiveness .
I would justify this briefly by saying that for such a sensitive topic every effort should be made to sound out the possibilities of reaching a consensus .
Mr President , the issue here is that the delegation is going to Bosnia in order to evaluate the situation prior to the discharge which has already been postponed .
The Committee on Civil Liberties and Internal Affairs thus made a series of decisions which - and I would like to make this quite clear - are not in accordance with my personal opinion as rapporteur , even if I say this here .
I would therefore make a quite specific appeal to my colleagues in the Group of the Party of European Socialists , asking them to consider once again whether these amendments are actually reasonable and do justice to the interests of this House and of the European Union .
Europe is not an immigration region in the classical sense , as the United States was in the last century or as New Zealand and Australia are today .
I would have wished for an approach , Mr Lehne , which gave priority to migration according to democratic criteria and guaranteed rights for migrants , as is imperative for all democracies - for example , the unrestricted rights of the family , which should also be reflected in the regulations on family reunification .
The controversial dispute in committee about this very issue underlines its importance .
This is also a type of development aid .
I am pleased that the Treaty of Amsterdam supports us in this .
As the previous speaker pointed out , Mr Lehne put a lot of work into this report , and I would like to make two points regarding what he said , as rapporteur .
However , what are we actually talking about , Mr Lehne ?
The rapporteur requests a single fund for cross-border projects between the EU and third countries .
I hope that in a later report we will be able to note better execution of the project , and that by then the implementation of the projects you mentioned will have been improved .
This is the key to the unemployment problem .
The fact that there are different types of textile sub-sector and that there is a high degree of fragmentation within the industry should not prevent this sector being considered and treated as a heterogeneous whole from both an economic and sociopolitical point of view .
The situation is absolutely clear : the textile industry is an outstanding example - and Mrs Carlsson said the same thing about Sweden - of the fact that in the early stages of internationalization , that is to say globalization , jobs were lost for a variety of reasons .
I was naturally hoping that I would be in a position here today to submit a plan of action and to allocate the required amount of money in the confidence that what was said here in Parliament - and all this has to be quantified - would also be put into effect .
I do not want to use this matter as a political football , but I would also like to say that what has been done in the meantime ....
We therefore have to sit down and consider whether such anti-dumping measures should not be restricted to what is absolutely necessary .
I have a word of warning for the ECB.
This is not justified , given the dramatic policy development and the nil return in respect of European added value .
Anyone who has had a lot of personal contact with SMEs and with micro-enterprises will confirm the rapporteur 's remarks , namely that SMEs are completely unaware of the good fortune which could come their way .
The right to vote is the most important of all citizens ' rights , as it allows people to participate in the most direct way possible in shaping the course of politics .
Just think of the principle of equal rights for men and women .
We therefore request your approval for the report to be referred back to committee .
I am against the motion .
It is quite vital for us to recognize that proportional representation will provide us with a more vigorous and dynamic parliamentary system .
The first concerns the compatibility of a seat in the European Parliament with one in the national Parliament .
Others can be relied on to create delays !
Yet we cannot , and do not wish