European currency to be a success it is important that all regions within Europe , of which there are over 100 , can economically compete within this very challenging environment .
Some areas within the European Union are economically very strong and heavily exceed the average income per capita .
There are poor regions within the Union which need to be given European assistance to improve the fabric of their economies so that they can compete within the European Union structure .
That is why , when we look at the EU Financial Perspective between 1989 and 1993 , and 1994 and 1999 , we find such a large proportion of the EU budget was put aside for the administration of the European Regional Development Fund and the European Social Fund .
There are twin problems that still remain for many regions in Europe : firstly , the lack of adequate infrastructure in terms of road , water treatment facilities and related transport networks ; secondly , the need to put in place initiatives to combat youth and long-term unemployment , which is a constant social problem in many urban and rural parts of Europe .
There must always be a commitment to ensuring that we do not only build a Europe of the cities alone .
We need to ensure that job creation initiatives are in place to promote employment opportunities in the small - and medium-sized enterprise sector in rural parts of Europe as well .
The core aspects of this debate this evening relate to the operation of the EU initiative programmes , namely , the new INTERREG III initiative , EQUAL and the LEADER+ scheme .
Between these three programmes there must be a clear demonstration of the commitment of the EU to promoting cross-border development , combating the problems of long-term unemployment and supporting rural development schemes .
I applaud the innovative approach of the EQUAL programme and the aim of integrating discriminated groups into the labour market .
The development partnerships are a very clever idea , even though they are experimental .
I have two major concerns , however , about the development partnerships .
They should be accessible to smaller groups , accessible for them to be able to devise , implement and monitor the programmes .
We need to have a wide element of flexibility within the programme .
I have also expressed concern in the past about the use of simple language and not using jargon , so that it becomes accessible to everyone .
I am glad to see that this was accepted into the report , but I cannot agree with Amendment No 9 because that amendment really is not expressed in simple language at all .
My second concern was that some discriminated groups have specific problems , for example , disabled people ' s access to the workplace .
Projects should also specifically address this problem .
These concerns must be looked at while setting up the programmes .
I certainly intend to do that with organisations and groups in my constituency in the West Midlands .
I now turn to the controversial issue of asylum-seekers and refugees .
Although I am not in favour of those refugees who have been refused refugee status and threatened with repatriation , having access to EQUAL , I would support the possibility of access for all other asylum-seekers and refugees .
It is only fair and right for them to be able to access EQUAL in the same way as everyone else .
Mr President , during the last EU Financial Perspective from 1994 to 1999 , when there were 13 different initiatives in operation , the INTERREG II cross-border programme was an important initiative .
The fact that the next round of Structural Funds 2000-2006 includes the INTERREG initiative is I believe , a very clear indication of the importance which is attached to it by national EU Member States .
The INTERREG I programme between 1989 and 1993 and the INTERREG II programme between 1994 and 1999 have proved an absolute success in terms of bridging closer social and economic development between bordering Member States .
Coming from the border counties in the north-west of Ireland , I have seen over the years the important role which INTERREG I and II have played and I am delighted to welcome INTERREG III .
The Commission is allocating 67 million pounds towards the INTERREG III programme , which will be spent on continuing the development of cross-border economic projects between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland .
The European Union has played a key role in developing the border county region in Ireland over the years .
The European Union is the single largest contributor , with 80 million pounds to the International Fund for Ireland .
The European Union contributes 75 % of the Peace and Reconciliation programme .
All in all , INTERREG , the International Fund for Ireland and the Peace and Reconciliation programme have all played an important role in the developing peace process .
Mr President , Commissioners , I greatly welcome the possibilities for increased trans-European cooperation under INTERREG , but my concern is that the proposal offers fewer opportunities in this respect for maritime than for other areas .
I understand the Commission ' s own concern that distance may prove detrimental to effective cooperation .
Nonetheless , there are many maritime areas between which links are already established .
Various local authorities around the North Sea provide a prime example of this .
INTERREG could well allow enhancement of such cooperation .
In consequence , I seek some small adjustments to the guidelines to provide a little more flexibility and to accommodate the ways in which the interests of maritime areas can fall between strand A and strand B. These adjustments include clarifying the possibilities for cooperation between maritime areas and permitting greater development of practical and visible projects , particularly those of an infrastructural kind