Not that such plans are not useful and necessary in themselves , but they cannot be produced at such short notice in a democratic manner and with a sufficiently integrated approach .
To the list of measures proposed by the Commission from which the applicant countries should preferably choose their priorities , the Committee on Agriculture has added the establishment of an agricultural credit system and the accelerated and widespread introduction of book-keeping in farming .
Madam President , the regulation on coordinating aid to the applicant countries in the framework of the pre-accession strategy is an extremely important step along the road towards the enlargement of the European Union .
The emphasis on the responsibility of the Commission is extremely important .
The amounts of aid are not particularly high - in fact , you could say that they are surprisingly low .
There are considerable differences in the efforts which the Member States have made and the results they have achieved in preparing for enlargement .
A number of sections of the acquis have been screened and the results are encouraging , although some countries are slower in moving down the right path .
We must not set the bar too high for the countries of Central and Eastern Europe to join .
I think the CFSP is far too important for this .
This means that the Union has created an extremely practical instrument which is effective , which can be directly applied in the countries concerned in one way or another through the institutions which they themselves have set up with their central banks , and which is making progress .
Secondly , we call for better integration for deaf people , and there are five things that will help us to achieve this .
In my country , Flanders , alone we have at least three different systems that are not compatible , which gives you a good idea of the scale of the problem throughout Europe .
Together with Mrs McCarthy , the PPE Group has tabled a compromise amendment on behalf of the Socialist and PPE Groups , which I would urge Parliament to support .
Previously , these regulations referred to equal opportunities , but in such a half-hearted way that often nothing much was actually done in practice .
We want to see improvements in two areas .
The Commission itself has proposed it , and we all know that special measures are needed .
A great deal has already been done by countries all over the world , including in Europe .
We also welcome the fact that the Israeli Government has finally reluctantly agreed to hand back an extra 13 % and that the Palestinians have agreed to cooperate with the Americans on security guarantees .
And is there any truth in the rumours that Brussels bureaucracy is delaying the opening of the hospital ?
Plans for a port and an airport in Gaza are back on the cards , but I gather that the airport has come up against certain technical problems .
I was there recently and I saw that the buildings were finished , but there were no technical installations .
This is perfectly understandable , since a country whose existence has always been under threat would obviously prefer not to let it depend on a partner that does not have a uniform foreign policy .
Fortunately the Knesset approved the accord yesterday evening , but sadly this does not yet bring peace within reach .
Finally , the countries of the Middle East must take the agreements seriously , as this is the only way that progress will be made .
Madam President , I should particularly like to welcome the President-in-Office , the Austrian Minister for Agriculture , along with his many assistants who are here this evening .
I favour cofinancing under strict conditions : only if there is no renationalisation , and if the Member States are obliged to pay or face strict sanctions if they fail to do so .
I think that people in rural areas must realise that , when we develop a rural policy , it has to be geared to the people in the towns .
It will solve the specific problem it is now facing in accordance with these rules , of that we are convinced .
In this respect it is clear that at the very moment when the PKK - from which my group and all other groups have always distanced themselves - unilaterally declares a cease-fire in order to seek a solution by alternative means , Turkey has decided to resort to this sort of action .
Madam President , I assume that this is not good news to the Commissioner , and that he has changed the position he announced yesterday .
The reasons for this have been explained in various speeches by members of the group in debates on agricultural policy .
This will make it possible to better coordinate the various instruments .
So much for the positive comments .
I hear rumours that they include Spain , France and the United Kingdom , but we cannot be certain as the Council meets behind closed doors .
I would be interested to know if there any plans to improve matters in this respect .
There is none of this in Mr Wiebenga 's report .
Over recent years the Council has certainly repeatedly given the impression that it is aware of the need for a real sharing of the burden or responsibility for the protection of displaced persons .
It seems from his explanation that the rapporteur has serious doubts about the way in which the Commission is resolving its dilemma .
Although we appreciate the work he has done on his report , this doubt remains with us all and we have no choice but to draw the consequences .
So I believe that it is