.
A desire to safeguard basic rights should be reason enough for voting in favour of the report .
In order to reduce the risk of the spread of HIV , it is essential to vote in favour of the report .
It is with particular pleasure that I do so as President-in-Office of the European Council with a view to presenting the priorities of the Danish Presidency of the EU.
The European Parliament is an important and constructive force in the development of European cooperation and I am sure that this will continue to be true in the months ahead , in which we face a number of decisions of crucial importance for the future of the EU.
The Danish Presidency wishes to strengthen the cooperation between the institutions of the EU.
We will seek to promote contacts and cooperation between the institutions .
We face important decisions in connection with our common decision making .
We have a new budget to pass .
Here , too , the Presidency is ready for constructive and results-oriented negotiations .
Denmark attaches great importance to the work of the European Parliament and the Presidency will be well represented at all plenary sessions .
I myself will keep Parliament informed following the European Council in Brussels and give a report at the end of the presidency following the summit in Copenhagen .
We have given our presidency programme the title ' One Europe ? .
The programme contains a detailed account of our aims and plans in the individual areas .
The main headings of the programme are : Firstly : Enlargement of the EU - from Copenhagen to Copenhagen .
Secondly : Freedom , security and justice - we shall strengthen the fight against terrorism , crime and illegal immigration .
Thirdly : Sustainable development - economic , social and environmental .
We will work towards ensuring that economic growth goes hand -in hand with protection of the environment and improvements in employment .
We will work towards better food safety , review the agricultural policy and overhaul the common fisheries policy .
We shall strengthen the common foreign and security policy , expand the strong links between Europe and the USA and work towards a global agreement between the rich and poor countries of the world .
I welcome these decisions .
This applies not least to the decisions concerning greater openness in the work of the Council .
( Applause ) The enlargement of the EU is the most important task of the Danish Presidency .
Alongside enlargement , the Danish Presidency attaches great importance to honouring other significant items on the EU 's agenda .
We want to focus on four areas in particular : Firstly , we want to work towards greater freedom , security and justice .
The Danish Presidency will give high priority to combating cross-border crime and to implementing the EU 's action plan for combating terrorism .
The Presidency will also follow up the conclusions of the European Council in Seville concerning asylum , immigration and border controls .
Secondly , the Danish Presidency will work towards sustainable development - economic , social and environmental .
A strong and competitive European economy is essential for growth , prosperity , increased employment and sustainable development .
Further , the Danish Presidency will focus on food .
Food safety - from the soil to the table - is a very important task for the EU.
Discussions concerning reform of the common agricultural policy will also be initiated during the Danish Presidency .
We will give this work considerable priority and seek to advance it as far as is humanly possible ; but I would like to emphasise that this is a discussion which must take place independently of the negotiations concerning enlargement of the EU.
We will not accept the imposition of new conditions for enlargement .
This is an extensive and difficult task .
The EU 's global responsibility is the final main topic of the Danish Presidency .
That applies not least in the fight against international terrorism and in our efforts to reduce poverty in the world .
Due to the Danish opt-out in the area of defence , work concerning the military aspects of the cooperation will be led by Greece and I would like to emphasise that we will endeavour to ensure that there is smooth and efficient cooperation between the two presidencies on this point .
The EU must and will assume a central role at the World Summit on Sustainable Development in Johannesburg .
It is the intention of the Danish Presidency to secure as ambitious a result as is humanly possible .
The aim is a forward-looking global agreement that places obligations on rich and poor countries alike ; a global agreement in which the rich countries provide the poor countries with better development opportunities through free trade and increased development aid , while in return the developing countries commit themselves to good governance - i .e . democracy , respect for human rights , and open and free access to information .
Relations between Europe and Asia will be developed further at the ASEM summit in Copenhagen in September .
There is a need to formulate a new policy in respect of these countries .
It should be possible to reach a reasonable understanding with Russia on this basis .
Let me return to the most important task that the Presidency faces in these six months , namely the conclusion of negotiations concerning enlargement of the EU by up to 10 new Member States .
From Copenhagen to Copenhagen .
This will make it possible for these countries to become members of the EU in 2004 , i .e . before the next elections to the European Parliament .
I will apply three principles in the negotiations concerning enlargement of the EU : Firstly , we will stand by the requirement that clear criteria must be met in order for a country to become a member of the EU.
