else everyone will be the loser .
By resigning along with all the rest of the Commission , he has shown that he accepts full responsibility , and I admire his honesty .
There will have to be a stable majority if the Commission 's proposals are to be implemented , and Parliament will no longer be able to make do with the kind of fluid majorities that expose it to the risk of blackmail , particularly from eurosceptic or anti-European groups .
We are talking here very earnestly about a nuclear programme , and our Green colleagues are right on this , in part : should we really be allocating hundreds of millions of euros to build nuclear power stations over there , even if they are less likely to be used for military purposes , when other solutions could easily be found ?
In the event of inflation , for example , if all taxation is harmonised , each country can no longer have its own monetary policy or apply its own fiscal policy .
If we approve Mrs Roth-Behrendt 's proposals , you can just imagine the insurance cover which farmers would have to take out and which could become exorbitant .
We are now increasingly being forced to rely on American leadership and , unfortunately , the absence of European leadership in order to undertake peacekeeping operations outside the United Nations , such as those that are probably about to take place in Kosovo .
In this context , it is very difficult to establish satisfactory and precise priorities for Parliament .
Above all , effort is required in Category 5 .
We therefore reaffirm our desire to see the EDF incorporated into the budget and to see unused appropriations reallocated to low-income countries , for example through the PHARE , TACIS or MEDA programmes .
In other words , the 2000 budget must be another austerity budget , maintaining budgetary discipline while at the same time guaranteeing that the necessary resources will be available to implement the European Union 's policies , as pointed out by the rapporteur , in accordance with Article F( 3 ) of the EU Treaty .
Several speakers have mentioned this , including the chairman of the Committee on Budgets .
Amendment No 1 in the French version deletes illegal immigration and Amendment No 4 omits the expression 'police authorities ' .
Why seven years for the programme ?
The same applies today .
This version is extremely simple and reads as follows : 'insists that members of the Commission who have resigned under no circumstances be allowed to be members of the new Commission ' .
I particularly regret that it was a female Commissioner who failed to act as a decent politician and face the consequences of her actions and her evident favouritism in time by resigning .
Once again , the powers of the European Parliament have been whittled away .
This Parliament is not the best instrument of budgetary control because in fact it is hand in glove with the institution it is supposed to supervise , namely the Commission .
The 'off-the-peg ' federalist ideas which have blocked all proper solutions over the past few years should not be allowed to get a new lease of life in a different form , after the collapse of the Commission .
On the other hand , today , a report by five people representing no-one but themselves , yet nonetheless elevated to the status of 'wise men' , led to the resignation of the European Commission on 15 March 1999 .
In paragraph 2 , we say that the budget for the year 2000 should safeguard the prerogatives of the European Parliament .
However , many countries are still reluctant to allow the judicial authorities of one Member State to operate in the territory of another Member State .
First of all , it claims that the problem of identifying the age of a child is extremely delicate and that there is no solution .
Mr President , there is something unusual about this joint debate on several reports .
It clearly removed or watered down the most controversial aspects , but retained its fundamental approach , emphasising repressive action as well as the methods of preventing migratory flows into the European Union .
The presidency 's strategic document does nothing to alter this trend .
The third point highlights the problem of the illegal immigration networks , whilst the fourth deals with the statute for legal immigrants .
Our group therefore hopes that the protocol will be rejected , just as the entire committee hoped that it would be rejected .
Although the refugees from Kosovo are apparently covered by the Geneva Convention , such massive immigration flows clearly prevent us from considering each case individually in a short period of time and using the normal processes .
This logic of allowing prices to fall can also be seen in the lack of determination and means to defend products such as garlic which is the victim of practices which contravene our regulations .
This is the aim of my amendment to the recitals which I have tabled on behalf of my group .
This is why , on behalf of the Group of Independents for a Europe of Nations , I participated in the tabling of amendments on an across-the-board increase in institutional prices and aid of 1.9 % .
This is quality garlic whose cultivation is ecological in two respects .
Prices are falling and inflation is being ignored .
Our agri-food industry also represents a high value added .
This is perhaps not an exciting task for the nominee for President but it meets an immediate and unavoidable need .
Our group thanks you for coming here .
I have also noted everything you have just said in your introductory speech and your concern that the democratic link between the members of the Commission and universal suffrage should be reinforced .
