important point to be taken up in the guidelines for the 2001 budget .
However , we think that the resources needed for Kosovo should be found from the aid given to tobacco cultivation and to other production in the context of the common agricultural policy .
The EU plays an important role when it comes to employment , especially through the single market .
- ( SV ) Regarding paragraphs 11-16 concerning supports to renewable energy sources , we would provide the following clarification .
- ( SV ) On 8 December 1999 , the European Patent Office approved ' by mistake ' Patent No EP 69 53 51 concerning the genetic manipulation of human cells and embryos .
This totally unacceptable decision on a patent concerning the genetic manipulation of human cells and embryos must consequently be rescinded and revoked as soon as possible , and this in order to protect life , the greatest and most sacred gift we have .
I would like to congratulate the rapporteur , Mr Kirkhope , for his most excellent report .
Contact points or special units shall be set up in the Member States according to the draft .
It is a good thing that crime in third countries will be punished in accordance with national legislation .
All children should have the right to a childhood !
That ought to be a basic human right .
Apart from a few rather coarse , ignorant contributions from my opponent , what has been said has been very sensible .
The Internet makes exchanging pictures easier , and it is this we should be discussing .
We have had discussions with representatives from Europol with respect to trafficking in women and children , and they say that they have two reports .
For this is not only an issue within the EU.
The problem with the Internet is that the pictures are so clear .
It is a shame that we have not discussed the enormous cutbacks and extensive privatisation in these areas .
This substance is no luxury and it is not addictive .
The substance is , therefore , not completely exchangeable for other , already approved types of cellulose .
These children have difficulty understanding why they should have to eat breadcrumbs when other children eat whole bread that does not crumble into pieces .
For many families with gluten intolerant children , life is very difficult and the extra work involved in managing their diet is tremendous .
These families cannot buy their bread , but have to make it themselves and add the binding agent themselves .
Not approving ethylhydroxyethylcellulose makes life more difficult for people with gluten intolerance and for families with gluten intolerant children .
Regarding Amendments Nos 22-28 , which are the subjects of a joint vote , we would state the following .
Even if it were technically possible , registering the identities of everyone allocated e-mail addresses would constitute too far-reaching a curtailment of personal privacy , as well as risk discouraging such lawful use of the Internet as is much to be desired .
They work and are given holiday-time , but they are unable to go on ordinary tours .
This state of affairs indicates either that we have major problems in implementing the budget efficiently or that we ought , in fact , to have some kind of deadline or time limit which would be much tougher when it came to writing off old commitments .
At present , it ought to entail a moratorium on the release of new genetically modified crops into the environment .
We shall therefore vote in favour of as satisfactory a solution as possible to the issue as a whole .
We are also in favour of having a clear obligation for the provision of information and in favour of recipient countries ' being approved in the case of exports to third countries .
The crucial factor is that it should be possible to trace with certainty the origins of what we eat .
However , there should be no legislation on this matter , other than a ban on lying .
I am very pleased about Mr Whitehead ' s remark about minced meat .
We who sit in this Chamber , for the most part middle-aged and well-to-do , know perfectly well that it is young people and families with children who buy and eat the cheapest food - sausages , hamburgers etc .
Madam President , in recent days , immense natural catastrophes in which quite a number of people have died have again occurred on the banks of the River Tisza .
We are to have a security policy worthy of the name , implement administrative reforms and , hopefully , win back some of the confidence our citizens have lost in the European project .
These are the questions which remain following the conclusion of the Treaty of Amsterdam .
The Intergovernmental Conference is making only limited progress , which is not the fault of the Portuguese Presidency .
There is starting to be a surfeit of half-baked intergovernmental conferences .
Quite simply , the EU must become more liberal .
We are in a position to create something unique : democratic , competitive and peaceful cooperation throughout the continent .
Mr President , if the changes to the Treaty proposed in the resolution we are debating are implemented , the European Union will take an absolutely crucial step on the way to becoming a federal state and one , moreover , in which the national parliaments will lose control over almost all crucial areas of policy .
What the Union needs in place of more supranationalism is democratic reform leading to a dramatic reduction in the Commission ' s political power , to the legislative process in the Council ' s being made public and to the national parliaments ' being given decisive influence .
