The OSCE promotes security in all ways other than direct armed intervention , and therefore makes every effort to promote respect for cultural and linguistic diversity .
Trafficking in human beings , trafficking in organs , new forms of slavery that demand our attention in the third millennium , the unregulated use of the Internet that all too often breaches our countries ’ laws and becomes a vehicle for paedophilia , for the trade in human beings and for spreading information among terrorists who have no respect for human life and dignity – these are just a few of the many examples we could give .
In other words , do we agree with the position of Kofi Annan , who recently declared that democracy is a human right in itself , as can be inferred from Article 21 and others of the Universal Declaration ?
I believe the problem is to strengthen the institutions responsible and thus the policies .
The Italian Presidency’s about-turn on the resolution for a moratorium on the death penalty at the United Nations General Assembly , which was announced by the Presidency but never tabled , is a serious occurrence that has left the European Union exposed and , above all , has eroded some of its political authority .
In the last six months there have been 228 arrests and 250 unjustified trials , many of which were in countries that belong to the so-called group of western democracies ; the latest case emerged only two days ago and involves Turkey .
I believe it is a question , in this case at least , of turning these guest workers into citizens .
In this case the good intentions are to move the integration issue forward along the lines laid down at the Tampere European Council .
The Irish Presidency also mentioned this point this morning .
In any case , this complex issue , together with preparation of policy on the management of migratory flows , must obviously be dealt with at European level as quickly as possible .
I also think , however , that this is one of the most sensitive issues , one of those issues that , more than any other perhaps , needs to be managed ; and managing it means addressing matters of visas , employment , health , citizens ’ rights and duties , and citizenship .
With the proposal of this solution , the proposal to set up an independent agency to control our borders automatically lapses .
An effective coordination policy , the harmonisation of certain procedures and the prompt exchange of information would make it possible to combat illegal immigration more effectively , as well as many other criminal activities that are linked to it : drug trafficking and trafficking in human beings , to give just a couple of examples .
It is the social group most concerned with care and protection , most in need of clear-cut rules to be respected .
I call on the Commission , which I thank again for having drafted the proposal , to consider Parliament’s amendments not as an obstructive act , but rather as the legislature making use of its legitimate and rightful power as a democratic representative body and , for this reason , I call for the utmost cooperation in the interests of the Union .
Professionals are atypical providers of services precisely because they are more productive in intellectual terms than in terms of specific resources .
We have the duty to legislate not in the interests of some arrogant lobbyist but in the general interest : hearing the arguments put by all sides and reaching an individual decision is the primary duty of those mandated to work on behalf of the Community .
To date , however , this is subject to major difficulties which , without going into too much detail , I want to list : the lack of any real spirit of cooperation , help and understanding ; the complexity of existing national legislation ; the reluctance of national authorities ; the preference given to educational and training criteria instead of to examinations intended to ensure that education is really equivalent for the purpose of recognising diplomas ; the lack of academic recognition of diplomas and other courses of study .
I believe that we are effectively opening up Europe to the right of citizenship and cultural organisation so that Europe can be achieved by means not just of the single currency and all the measures we are advancing , but above all by making citizens aware of the interconnectedness of the intellectual professions : the possibility of carrying out professional activities at the highest level within the various Member States and within various European organisations .
Can my explanation of vote be given by my feet ?     – Mr President , Mr Medina Ortega said that collecting societies are not monopolies ; they are associations that serve to protect a weaker section against a stronger section .
The Intergovernmental Conference has , however , stalled on this issue and it is clear that the decision-making method which allows the veto is the real cancer of the European Union , it is that which is killing Community solidarity of any kind .
It is not possible !
Frankly , I have not understood , and it seems dangerous to me that our two representatives take the view that this is a good basis for negotiation , because actually it is not , and this is not Parliament’s position .
We are eighty , ninety , one hundred years old : there is no time ! ’ So , I would ask the Irish Presidency to bear this in mind or , better still , remind all the other presidents of it .
I should like to take this opportunity to briefly explain the stage that competition policy is now at and give you an idea of the direction we want to