, we are pleased with the legislation because it provides for , finally , the protection of the rights of consumers in air transport services .
The fundamental criterion of the Treaty , which concerns social issues , attributes this key role to the states and the regions .
As Mr van Velzen has already noted , it is in my view important to make a clear distinction between authentication services and confidentiality services .
I believe that Commissioner Bangemann 's initiative for the globalization of the information society and international cooperation , sometimes defined as an initiative for a map of the Internet , moves in this direction .
I also feel obliged to recall the previous joint action programmes for which I had the opportunity to be rapporteur .
The fight against organized crime certainly involves the use of weapons and the participation of institutions , but it also and especially has to be dealt with from a financial approach .
Such action is particularly topical in view of monetary integration ; with the euro , Europe has a great opportunity before it .
But I am personally against the approach taken in the Orlando legislative proposal , in that this proposal is extremely prejudicial to the liberty and institutional guarantees of any citizen under investigation and is a step backward in time and history .
Mr President , I consider Mr Orlando 's report excellent , and the direction that he gave it is a very positive framework with which to move forward in the effective fight against organized crime .
The European Community 's enlargement towards central and eastern Europe certainly has to take into account aspects like the exchange of experiences and cultural projects , particularly those for young people .
Mr President , all the previous speakers have stressed the torment that has accompanied this directive .
I leave aside the seriousness of the economic issues , involving the risk of closure for some companies , or the link between accident studies and the choice of which parts should or should not be covered by legal protection , and so on .
In this report , Parliament expresses its opinion on the amendments the Commission is proposing and which we approve in substance , with a series of amendments which I shall try to illustrate briefly .
Secondly , the Financial Regulation needs to be adapted to a very important provision of economic and monetary union : the system of fines .
In fact I am doubtful about two aspects of the staff policy adopted by the Council at first reading , and I will explain these while taking care not to go into the merits of the Council 's independent choices .
By the same token , it also accepted the estimates for the Ombudsman , through a broad interpretation of the agreement which has essentially created a distortion between the criteria for examining the Ombudsman 's estimates and those applicable to the other institutions and associated bodies .
From these is derived a directive which is directly descended from the recent Auto-Oil programme , an operation which involved the Commission and the motor and oil industries as well as our Parliament .
The areas particularly at risk are those where sea level is critical : countless Pacific islands and all the small island states of the Caribbean and Africa , as we have shown in the basic report of the working group which I chair in the ACP-EU Joint Assembly , which will meet next week in Brussels .
I mention that to give you the full picture .
When the Commissioner says that all will be improved by parliamentary control and information , I think that perhaps he is restricting the control function a little .
I think that if confusion remains in the executive sphere which is codified in the new decision , it will be inevitable that the basic acts become increasingly general rules - and this is a risk for everyone , not just the European Parliament - and that the committees see their role in the defining of key elements of legislation increasingly strengthened , which is what we are seeking to overcome .
The other essential principle for a correct and democratic balance between the different institutions is that the European Parliament should have the possibility of exercising real control over the implementing rules , in other words of intervening within a limited period to possibly contest the legitimacy or the procedural substance of the rule .
Madam President , Commissioner , I think it is right , especially after Amsterdam , to claim legislative parity for the European Parliament with the Council .
I think we should broadly support the judgement of the rapporteur , who is working extremely well in our committee , but I should like to emphasise one or two points .
Madam President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , this report definitely had a difficult birth : we spent several months discussing it in committee and there were a great many complications .
So we need to strengthen dialogue with the Islamic world , which means relations with the Euro-Mediterranean countries , through the MEDA programme and others , not only in socio-economic terms but principally in terms of culture and education , which form the basis of any civilisation and democracy .
In fact , since the collapse of the Communist system , the privatisations have not been implemented for the benefit of the population , but have been an instrument of immense profit and power for certain castes of the nomenklatura and , in some cases , have served to enrich parallel organisations in the criminal world .
Let us launch this second pillar , which is still absent in so many areas and sectors where it could be having an innovative effect , now that it can finally operate outside the traditional blockages paralysing any autonomous European initiative