of the sector , by promoting new audiovisual media and information services , but in an environment of calm and trust .
From this point of view , we are all aware that the current situation in Europe is testimony to a very inferior level of development .
I would therefore like to call on Mrs Grossetête and the other Members who are in favour of different solutions not to demonise our proposal but to try to understand that each of us , representing only ourselves and our own ideas , has put forward what we each believe to be the most appropriate solution for paediatric medicines , and thus child health .
The prolongation of a patent by six months is yet another gift to the pharmaceutical multinationals , in total disregard of the health of children and running counter to the objectives of this very regulation .
The pharmaceutical industry is the industrial sector that in recent years has distributed the highest dividends to its shareholders , and it certainly has no need of even greater profits !     Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , first of all I should like to thank the European Parliament for this important opportunity , which I shall use to reiterate , both personally and on behalf of the Commission , as has already been done on other occasions , our sympathy for the pain of all those throughout the world who have suffered and continue to suffer the consequences of terrorist attacks .
We are being called upon to act as respected leaders on the international political stage , leaders in a challenge that promises to be protracted , unfortunately , yet decisive for the future existence of our democracy .
We – the Commission – shall therefore make our contribution to the debate : in a few days ’ time , in fact , on 21 September , we shall issue a communication to Parliament and the Council on violent radicalisation and the recruitment of terrorists .
Our objective is to try to create a genuine European network aimed at developing the principle of availability , a decisive factor in encouraging the exchange of information , which – where it is available – can sometimes be vital in preventing a terrorist attack .
It is one of the elements that must never be absent from a strategy that balances protection , prevention and safeguards .
Lastly , as Mr Clarke has said , there are even situations where one company retains and holds telephone usage data on its customers and another company does not .
In conclusion , we must demonstrate our common good will : Europe and its Institutions – this Parliament , the Council and the Commission .
Their analysis is wrong if they do not see the relationship between the war and terrorism .
Furthermore , it has not yet been shown that data protection helps to defeat terrorism , nor do I believe that the two examples that the UK Presidency put forward in the Committee on Civil Liberties , Justice and Home Affairs are sufficient .
I was saying , then , that the danger is in our midst , and so I welcome those preventative measures that Mr  Frattini has mentioned so opportunely .
The danger is in our midst ; it is in our houses and in our cities in Europe .
We also regret the so-called licence to kill that is all too often issued to police officers on the basis of suspicions without being clearly justified on the grounds of self-defence , as unfortunately happened recently in a European country .
That is not an abstract or philosophical question .
Will we only be called on to agree and ratify decisions , or will we also be able to fulfil our safeguarding role ?
I therefore welcome the proposals put forward by the UK Presidency and by Mr  Frattini .
Broader cooperation is needed , certainly including the United States and also the moderate Arab countries , which also lie in Bin Laden’s sights .
For all these reasons , the Forza Italia delegation in the Group of the European People 's Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats will support the Union’s actions in the fight against terrorism , since they will simultaneously protect both the human rights and the security of everyone who lives in Europe .     Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I too thank you for the quality of the debate that we have had , which shows how the Council , Parliament and the Commission are strengthening their resolve to work together .
How should we act now ?
I agree wholeheartedly and say : let us involve civil society more – the religious and civil communities that throughout Europe represent this great reality that is our reality – and let us work with them to eliminate the deep roots of terrorism and the recruitment of terrorists .
We shall hold back and ask for their help ; the transparency of financial transfers is indeed one of our preventative weapons for fighting terrorism .
We are not ignoring the tensions that have arisen within part of Israeli society and particularly in the political sphere in that country , especially in relation to the prospects that are now opening up and the further steps that have to be taken .
For its part , however , the international community must still bear in mind that political terrorism of Islamic origin , which is also of such great concern to people in our own countries , will be dealt a decisive blow if we are able to defuse the main source of hatred and tension , which is the Middle East conflict .     Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I too thank the rapporteur very much for the excellent cooperation that has been established and the good work that has been done