people who have to deal with the question every day .
I hope that a large number of amendments will be tabled for the Convention 's plenary session on 3 and 4 April with the aim of creating a European Public Prosecutor in the Treaty itself .
The Commission will comply with the request of the Committee on Budgetary Control and look at these questions in detail in the course of this year .
From time to time , quite specific examples make clear how important a Public Prosecutor is for us .
Mr President , the protection of financial interests must naturally continue to be one of our primary objectives .
This first step must be taken now with the revision of the treaties and eastwards enlargement .
And enlargement gives the problem a further dimension .
The European Union has hitherto specifically excluded the possibility of harmonising legislation .
They can indeed , because we have no comparability between hospitals ' standards of hygiene .
People from third countries are also to acquire these basic skills .
Flexibility is important , and the bottom line is that , no matter how good these directives may be , and no matter how much we agree to their enactment , they will yield nothing if - as has become almost a recurrent theme in this Parliament - there are no subsequent controls and if they are not properly implemented .
Anyone who spends as much time travelling on motorways and other roads as I do , and as many of my fellow Members do , knows what they are like .
That will , in any case , affect the first three years of the Erasmus World programme .
In its second step , Erasmus World opens the way for postgraduate students from third countries to study at European universities .
That too leads me to appeal to the Council , for it can work only if we are ready , right now , to invest , if we replenish Heading 3 rather than simply capping it and saying that we will squeeze it out of something else .
That is why we should remind our masters in the Council that they now have to make their contribution , in order to do justice to the high expectations they have of themselves .
I do believe , though , that it is important for our students who go abroad that the necessary recognition of academic achievements and degrees should be pushed through and improved , and that Erasmus students should have study abroad improved and made easier for them .
I think this attractive programme for high-quality education will do something to counteract this tendency .
There must be a close connection with Erasmus and Erasmus World .
This makes it necessary to increase funding from EUR 36 million to EUR 54 million , without adjustments taking funding away from other programmes .
Even since my twins - who are now nine - were at pre-school , they have been showing me again and again how to use a computer , so I think I would need the eLearning Programme more than my children do .
We have here - and I almost regret that , in accordance with the Treaty , the ECSC expired last July after 50 years - an example of how it is perfectly possible to present a balanced and correct budget .
The ECSC - I am repeating myself - was a model for peace and progress in Europe .
He has again called for reforms to the balance sheet .
We have also agreed to follow the suggestion of the rapporteur , Mr Casaca , of starting a pilot scheme where recipients of payments are informed in writing as soon as the payment has been requested by the authorising officer ; this , too , will make for greater transparency .
The Commission will present the Committee on Budgetary Control with a list of these contacts at a forthcoming meeting and suggest how we may take scrutiny further .
The number of TAOs has been reduced from 126 in September 2000 to 12 at the end of 2002 .
This Commission will leave behind a service that is comprehensively and radically reformed and ready for the new challenges of enlargement .
In view of the fact that Bulgaria and Romania will still remain even after the other countries have acceded , and that there will in all probability also be Turkey and a few Balkan countries , Croatia for example , we cannot be satisfied with amending Sapard alone .
Let me please make it absolutely clear that we on the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs are very concerned about the sometimes very serious cases of mismanagement in the use of money from the Social Fund by the Member States and that we fully support the Commission here , Commissioner , in all its investigations and controls .
We have broken new ground with the discharge procedure for 2001 because rules have come into force that are not always clear and may lead to difficulties .
If I am voting for discharge despite all that , it is because I did not want to risk the scenario I described at the beginning .
But I think we also have to make clear that our experience after four years is that parts of this House - and I mean by that the self-appointed Euro-sceptics - have always tried to reduce the discharge process to one option , namely to collect as many votes as possible to take a shot at the Commission in the hope that perhaps one day it will fall over .
At this point we can in my opinion say that we were right not to do that and we have shown that the self-appointed Euro-sceptics can be reduced to their hard core if they put their real agenda to the vote