19 on the agenda , so that they can be provided with consultancy services and technical know-how in the human rights sector .
Here too , the views of the European Parliament on the countries which we need to support will be vital .
These are just a few examples but I think I have given you an idea of the European Union 's commitments and expectations for the forthcoming meeting of the United Nations Commission on Human Rights in Geneva .
Finally , I must point out , especially as things stand today , that the Union needs to strike the right balance between security and the unobstructed exercise of people 's rights , between cooperation and pressure , between control and protection , between the demands of others and what applies to our members .
Mr President , one cannot but agree with the general principles expounded by the President-in-Office and the Commissioner , but what matters is how we apply them and I have three comments to make here .
And it would be an important achievement if that were to happen under the Greek Presidency .
Thirdly , we must look at new rights being violated by measures against terrorism .
We are not sparing any effort to persuade everyone we can of the need to implement human rights .
I personally believe that the decision to abstain was not an expression of indifference .
This is clear from numerous discussions under way , including with the United States , where a number of agreements , especially as part of the fight against terrorism , cannot proceed unless there is a guarantee that the death penalty will not be applied to people extradited to the United States .
I wonder if the European Parliament might find a way of establishing some sort of mutual respect or paying heed to the issues that arise from the functioning of the presidency , bearing in mind that the Greek Presidency will have to go back to Greece at some point within the not too distant future .
This committee was set up and started work in September 2000 and published its final report in October 2002 , in which it points out that high-ranking political , military and business figures in Uganda , Rwanda and Zimbabwe , as well as the Congo , are plundering the natural - mainly mineral - wealth of the Congo on a massive scale for personal gain or , in the case of Rwanda , for their country 's benefit .
As far as one particularly controversial product is concerned - so-called blood diamonds - both the international community and the European Union have taken specific action .
Internal armed conflict opens the way for the illegal exploitation of the basic wealth of a country and in turn this wealth is exploited to perpetuate the internal armed conflict and the lack of development and stability mechanisms in the country .
The truth is that the North 's protectionist policy has helped to strangle crucial sectors in the South .
Hunger and abject poverty mainly affect women , making sexual inequality a huge barrier to development .
The probability of a woman dying in these circumstances is less than one in three thousand in the developed world , compared to one in nineteen in Africa .
We speak for the overwhelming majority of our citizens taking to the streets day after day , when we say : No to war and the embargo against Iraq !
The problem is whether the European Parliament will abandon its indulgent , Pontius Pilate approach and come out clearly against this criminal war .
The forthcoming reform of the CAP - which is a catastrophic overhaul , not the mid-term review it claims to be - is being carried out in the run up to and under pressure from WTO negotiations .
Not only did the developing countries and their people not benefit ; they were worse off than before , with no margin for development even in countries with a high output like Argentina .
The second has to do with the international system of prices and subsidies for agricultural produce and the international system of prices for industrial goods .
Yes , please ' .
We need to know , for example , what the other developed countries are going to do and which parts of the system of protection for European Union farmers need to be safeguarded .
It is both pointless and unacceptable to make it easier to import agricultural produce from developing countries which do not meet European standards .
Madam President , the Commission proposal for a directive on the right of citizens to move freely is , without doubt , an important step in removing the unjustified technical obstacles that persist even in united Europe .
The main problem concerns women who are economically dependent on their husbands and who , in the event of death or separation , have no prospects of extending their right or continuing to reside in another European country .
More and more Member States are finding ways of recognising couples who live together without officially getting married .
My report is a considerable improvement on the original proposal , because it protects citizens ' individual rights and personal data , using the Schengen provisions on which the regulation is based .
This will help European shipping considerably .
It gives citizens greater opportunity to exercise their right to move freely throughout the Community by calling for procedures to be simplified and pared down .
Of course , making over six months ' residence dependent on financial resources could give rise to social discrimination .
It goes without saying that the European Parliament 's call for democratisation must not conceal any attempt by the EU to challenge the right of Belarus to decide its own foreign policy