Commissioner , I will not ask you for your opinion about the political situation , human rights , the rule of law , or any of those ardent issues in Albania .
The magnitude of those losses , Mr Commissioner , shows that this was not accidental , as some here are saying , nor any oversight .
A system was in play .
And the second question is : with what image , with what perspective is the Commission cooperating with Albania ?
At a time when we are all talking about the globalization of the economy , it is tragic that a small country in a sensitive area of Europe should be allowed to founder economically and politically because of unscrupulous profiteers and incapable governors .
There is a difference .
Mr President , many surveys have shown , and we do not need to debate it , that education and training contribute decisively towards the fight against unemployment , increasing employment and boosting the competitiveness of the economy .
Here , there is much that we can do to improve effectiveness , first of all , and secondly transparency , so far as the activities - of the ESF , I repeat - are concerned .
Fourthly , we should increase the resources earmarked for the LEONARDO and SOCRATES programmes , which are ones that create European added value in the sector we are considering .
Mr President , I am not mentioned in the list of those present , but I am listed among those who took part in the nominal vote .
At that time certain restrictions were imposed , but they have not proved sufficient to halt this uncontrolled advance .
Nobody has so far been able convincingly to disprove information that such experiments have also been carried out with human beings .
However , Madam Commissioner , I have not heard what sanctions we as the European Parliament will be imposing in the event that researchers exceed the permitted limits and the experiments are extended to human beings .
I very much fear that the same thing may happen as in the case of BSE.
More specifically , the points he raises in the motion for a resolution are ones that I agree with .
I must say that the future of the shipbuilding industry and more generally the shipping industry parallels that of merchant shipping itself .
As for the shipbuilding industry , a long time ago the Community introduced legislation to abolish State subsidies , but at the same time it failed to propose alternative solutions , which could have led to development on the basis of private-sector economic criteria for the shipbuilding industry in Europe .
The question is : is it possible for Europe 's shipbuilding industry to compete with that of the Far East under conditions of competition at the level of workforce remuneration and with full deregulation of the market ?
My question , therefore , is this : Can you tell us now when the European Union is to meet with Cyprus in the context of political dialogue , in the context of structured dialogue with a view towards accession ?
And in any case , what must now be done to overcome the previous difficulties ?
Which part does she accept ?
Madam President , in the short time available to me I should like to point to the European Parliament 's achievements in the context of the Committee of Inquiry 's operations .
Another achievement is that it succeeded in upgrading the problem of the transit system from a purely technocratic issue to a political issue , as indeed it is .
This means that the Commission - and later , I think , the Council - have for example committed themselves not to extend the system until its computerization has been completed and unless the necessary reforms are carried out at the same time .
I now hope that the Committee 's conclusions will demonstrate that .
Guarantees cannot possibly be given on the basis of any 'freight forwarder 's ' 'word of honour ' .
The carriers too must be involved , as well as the owners of the goods transported .
It would be better named ' Report on self-delusion ' .
But it is not sufficient for a single tariff list to exist .
The report has also sketched out the anatomy of the reasons for that situation .
However , we have not asked them to guard a real Community whole , we have not given them a true Community mission , we have not given them a sense of Community purpose , nor a Community conscience , nor even a service organised at Community level , which would of course settle the issue of a Community conscience .
Correct and logical proposals for the reform of transit will not solve the problem if we continue trying to implement them within the framework of this fragmented customs service .
What would be more logical than to have a common customs service covering a real , common , integral Community ?
On the television we all see people bearing arms - yesterday on the television I saw young children with weapons - and moving around all over the country .
The economic scandal was a reason , but one that was the tip of the iceberg .
That is what we have done with Albania , to which we granted aid - and very rightly so - and which we must continue to aid if it is to emerge from the present crisis .
The situation in all those countries is peculiar .
We know what is happening in the countries neighbouring Albania , and we know that two of them , which are Member States of the European Union , Greece and Italy