We know that , however small the amounts of money we are talking about , if malpractice starts to appear , our reputation will be damaged for a long time .
We are not talking about Parliament 's money , but taxpayers ' money .
In addition , we believe that there should have been concrete items in the report dealing with the activity of MEPs and Parliament as a whole in actual legislative work .
This is the reason for the long debate .
We want answers to these questions .
We should give congratulations here , regarding the fact that at last , Parliament has quickly got new regulations both for Members and for aides too .
Let me give an example .
If I did so , I would not be paid travelling expenses or any other compensation .
I do not have an office in Rome or Athens , or any work to do there ; these are in Brussels .
We will return to these in next year 's report .
Member of the Commission . - Madam President , let me thank you for a very rich and responsible debate this evening and let me also correct one claim concerning President Barroso .
I want to join him and express my condolences to the families and friends of the victims of violence in Athens today .
You may call it ' Europe 2010' , because we need that in order to succeed as Europe 2020 .
The Commission 's task now is to ensure that the bilateral launch will be coordinated and that conditionality will be systematically and rigorously applied .
Financial stability is necessary for Europe 's ongoing economic recovery for sustainable growth and job creation .
Some of you mentioned the contagion effect and concerns related to other countries of the euro area or of the European Union .
All euro-area Member States are taking measures to consolidate their public finances , not least Portugal and Spain .
I am confident that we will succeed and overcome the formidable challenges .
Next week the Commission will make concrete proposals on how we can reinforce economic policy coordination and Member States budgetary surveillance in the European Union .
Our guiding principle is that prevention is always more effective than correction and , therefore , we will build our proposals on the basis of reinforcing prevention , as well as correction also .
The main building blocks of our proposals are threefold .
We need a more systematic and rigorous preventive budgetary surveillance , so that cases like the Greek case will never happen again .
The third building block will be a crisis-resolution mechanism .
As President Barroso said earlier today , it is better to be safe than sorry , and ensure that we are also equipped to face the worst scenarios .
I also call on the Heads of State and Government of the euro-area Member States on Friday , as well as the European Council more broadly , to support our proposals and proceed rapidly without delay in making these proposals effective and a reality .
Why so ?
That is what our citizens are expecting from us . on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group . - ( FI ) Madam President , it is very important that we think of human rights as having intrinsic value , although they also have instrumental value , which I realise when I speak to representatives of third countries in my capacity as Chair of the Subcommittee on Human Rights .
In this way we can explain to the representatives of third countries that the European Union 's accession to the European Convention on Human Rights really does mean that our activities are subject to external scrutiny , as has been explained here .
We should consider how we might resolve this problem , which has come about because of a backlog of cases to deal with .
In the extraordinary circumstances we made an extraordinary call to the Bank , and it responded immediately by accelerating its lending to record highs .
Due to its excellent financial standing , it was able to do so even at a time when it was difficult to raise finance from the markets .
Furthermore , the EIB , in a joint initiative with the EBRD and the World Bank , was able to increase its support to the financial sector in the countries of Central and Eastern Europe , which are also experiencing an especially difficult situation .
In the external field , I am very satisfied with the mid-term review of the EIB external mandate , supported by the Camdessus report , which concluded that the EU guarantee to the EIB is an efficient and forceful instrument with high financial and political leverage .
I have been very pleased to see that the EIB and the EBRD have reached an agreement on their cooperation in common countries of cooperation .
I trust that you will find it a solid and balanced proposal which takes into account Parliament 's recommendations and concerns .
It aims at reinforcing the focus of the external mandate on the key policy areas where the EIB has a well-proven track record , especially climate change , social and economic infrastructure and local private sector development , but also at placing more emphasis on development aspects of EIB financing .
We hope that once again we could see an agreement at first reading , so that legal stability can continue to be ensured for an external mandate that allows us to effectively and efficiently pursue the EU 's external policy objectives .
Firstly , I am confident that this debate and report will provide a sound basis for the prompt adoption of the European Investment Bank 's external mandate .
The EIB holds the keys to the development of infrastructure , innovations and small enterprises , and we are cooperating closely and seamlessly in this .
Fierce