our negotiations with third countries .
By calling for requirements to be imposed in respect of product safety , the integrity of the CE mark , the exclusion of counterfeit goods and the introduction of traceability this resolution will provide more effective protection for consumers , especially children .
This colonisation of population constitutes a lethal threat to the Christian and humanist values of our civilisation .
This is the intended objective of the European digital library , which the Commission is supporting through its beacon initiative 'i2010 digital libraries ' .
Moreover , such a library needs to be organised so that it can provide access to content that is reliable and of a quality that is intended for all ages .
Commissioner , you referred to a call for tenders that received no response .
If we support the draft Treaty , it is also because an effective EU of 27 cannot build on the rules of the Treaty of Nice .
There seems to be a broad consensus among us on challenging this , and that is a good thing .
The publication of an explanatory statement for the payments made and the farm income , as the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development is requesting , will also be very useful .
If we are putting premiums for dairy cows online , why not also put the premiums being milked by senior officials online too ?
That is the reason for the amendment I tabled on behalf of the PPE Group , which aims to prevent the confusion .
On the subject of the industry , I propose that the European Union and the whole of the tobacco industry jointly finance a programme to combat cigarette smuggling and counterfeiting .
The elimination of the use of toxic or extremely dangerous substances needs to be established as a firm principle .
I should now like to consider a few specific points .
We therefore support the ambitious roadmap prepared by the Committee on the Environment because we think it succeeds in setting clearly visible standards , while at the same time confronting us with the technology gap that we need to overcome in order to meet our Kyoto Protocol commitments .
The promotion of international exchanges of goods at the expense of shorter , local and national , supply circuits is by no means irrelevant here .
It will then have to be ratified by all the Member States before the 2009 European elections .
For them and for all the others , let us live up to expectations . on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group . - ( FR ) Mr President , President-in-Office of the Council , President of the Commission , General de Gaulle said of Valéry Giscard d'Estaing : ' His problem is the people ' .
In short , they are trying to pull the wool over our eyes and convince us that this text has nothing in common with the previous one , to avoid facing up to the people of Europe with a referendum .
This will be achieved with the framework directive , which takes account of new habits and fashions in gardening : pesticides have even got into our homes and gardens !
For the EU 's external relations , we are reducing the expenditure of the CFSP by 40 million because we have to honour our commitments and the EU 's commitments : to preserve the emergency aid reserve , help the most disadvantaged countries , support the Global Fund to fight AIDS , the World Health Fund and maintain development aid .
Appropriations were therefore put in reserve for the Schengen SIS I and SIS II systems and for the visa information system , known as the VIS for short .
I therefore hope that the Council and the Commission will be able to demonstrate that the commitments made over the last few months during our various exchanges and in the written statement we have received will be respected .
That is why the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs was keen to incorporate professional qualifications into the EQF.
Mr President , this motion is based on Rule 168 of our Rules of Procedure .
Should we not be looking at the present as we attempt to analyse the failures and damage that has already been done to our society by globalisation ?
As regards enabling Africa to develop by allowing its products access to our markets , it must be remembered that some forty African countries have nothing whatsoever to export .
There is still much to be said on this subject . on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group . - ( FR ) Madam President , in spite of stated intentions we cannot really say that any new elements have been introduced to the debates that have been taking place in recent months on the partnership between the European Union and Africa .
Is it true that on 23 October the College of Commissioners debated a proposal that had been put by Mr Mandelson concerning European firms and businesses that had moved their production to third countries where wage levels were low ?
As for the Citizen of Europe , no one has ever met him : in fact he does not exist .
Instead they chose to love each another , to understand each another , to work together to forge a common destiny .
Whether or not this feeling is unfair is irrelevant .
Europe would die if we all had to think in the same way and if those who thought differently were seen as bad Europeans .
On that day in Brussels the political will of the different Heads of State or Government swept away all of the obstacles that had up to then seemed insurmountable .
It does not tell us what Europe will look like tomorrow and how it will help to improve our citizens ' lives .
