Is it out of fear of countries such as the USA and Canada ?
An institutional question of principle has now also arisen here , namely , what happens when Community legislation is undermined by , for example , the Commission ?
This underlines the value of our support both for IFOR and for the reconstruction which is being managed so well by Carl Bildt .
In this connection I should just like to emphasise that the PHARE programme , which is regarded as a milch cow , is not inexhaustible and has many , many calves to satisfy .
Nor should aid money be given to those who do not show by their deeds that they have understood the necessity of suspected war criminals being brought to trial .
Mr President , this is just one example that the questioner has raised concerning the situation in Turkey .
Several months have now elapsed .
Madam President , free movement of persons is one of the Union 's most important objectives .
The same is true of more or less all other conventions which come under the third pillar .
Deadlocks in the Council often result from Member States ' mistrust of other states ' ability to take sensible political decisions .
We trust one another , in fact .
We exercise trust rather than mistrust .
It is important to bind Europe together , not to split it , and so the links must become stronger .
Our values must be disseminated .
It is not the technical resolution of each little detail which is important and upon which we should concentrate , even though the information Parliament receives on how solutions are found needs to be clearer .
However , will the Council manage to live up to European , democratic values ?
But then it is completely different from the Schengen Agreement .
The Swedish government has made it clear that it would not be appropriate for Sweden to become a party to Schengen unless all the Nordic countries do .
They would not have voting rights on the Schengen executive committee but would on the other hand have to approve all future decisions , on pain of having to leave the entire Schengen system - immediately .
I believe that in democratic terms such a model is totally unacceptable .
My next question is this : what will happen when the Schengen Agreement becomes part of EU law ?
If such an amendment were moved , it would be sufficient for every fourth member of the Norwegian parliament to vote against for Norway not to be able to become a party to Schengen .
In the debate on the Schengen Agreement passport freedom is used as a bait but Schengen is so much more than that : it comprises a harmonised refugee policy with clearly inhumane characteristics , it means large registers of persons subject to weak democratic control .
With regard to other parts of the world , such as Third World countries , it means stricter controls .
As I see it , it is no freedom at all .
Madam President , the Council of Baltic Sea States ' summit meeting in Visby , at which the EU was represented at the highest level , was a success and that is very important .
As one can see from the presidency declaration made by the president of the Visby summit , the Swedish prime minister , the issues discussed included economic development and economic integration , environmental problems and the fight against international crime .
The summit provided the first opportunity for informal discussions at the highest level between the Russian prime minister and leaders of the three Baltic states .
The motion for a resolution to be adopted by Parliament states that the EU and the Council of Baltic Sea States should take the initiative in gathering together all the Member States of the Union , in cooperation with the European Parliament and the national parliaments for a conference of the kind which was held last year in Barcelona on Mediterranean issues .
The chair of the business leaders group was invited to give an account of this agenda at the Visby summit .
A country should be built on the basis of law .
Law faculties at universities were seriously neglected during the Soviet era .
Madam President , the Schengen Agreement was signed as long ago as 1985 but it was ten years before it came into force .
Is it not time to recognise that the Schengen Agreement which is so subject to criticism is neither the best nor the only way of achieving free movement of persons ?
Everything being monitored by a police office we call Europol .
I should like to begin with Baltic cooperation .
As regards the free movement of persons , I believe it is worth stressing that this is something that the single market stands for and is intended to achieve .
This can of course , as has already been pointed out , serve as a good example of how free movement can operate at its best .
This is a field about which she knows a great deal and which she understands thoroughly .
Only thirdly should it be a question of minimising risks .
The limit values should also be binding , with a maximum permissible level which may not be exceeded .
It would be a pity if this compromise were to be reached , that is to say 0.1 ppm by the year 2000 .
We will of course support this proposal but only with the amendments which the Greens have also tabled .
The Indonesian authorities have also imprisoned enormous numbers of political prisoners and we naturally demand that they should be released as quickly as possible .
Guns , however , are not spare parts , nor do they constitute follow-up deliveries .
In Florence it was agreed that efforts should