Are there to be fish in the sea for future generations too ?
It is not the interests of the EU but those of future generations that we must serve .
Mr President , I should like to thank you very much , Commissioner Monti , for the courage and the will you have shown in tabling this proposal .
We were , however , obliged to support the Commission 's proposal in order to avoid any further watering down .
Unfortunately , the car manufacturers ' view of what is in their own best interests does not coincide with what is beneficial for consumers .
We have clearly seen this in the form of the massive lobbying that has gone on everywhere in recent weeks and months in order to prevent a genuine internal market for car sales being established , with the consequent benefits for both dealers and consumers .
We are surely not giving away too much by naming names and saying that it was , in particular , a couple of major German car manufacturers , Mercedes and BMW , who knocked on our door .
I had hoped we might have been able to reach a sensible compromise but , unfortunately , I have to say that I have been disappointed in this matter by a number of my otherwise good friends and allies in the Group of the Europe People 's Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats and in the Group of the Party of European Socialists .
I should like to conclude by giving Commissioner Monti the greatest possible encouragement to stand firm on this matter and by , for once , asking him not to listen to the majority of the European Parliament who have not known how to look after the interests of the ordinary citizen and consumer .
It is the same alliance every time , and that does not improve matters .
However , there is considerable disagreement as to what should be done about this .
In spite of unambiguous requests from the Council and the European Parliament , the Commission , together with Commissioner Lamy as the person responsible for this area , have , however , so far shown an impressive ability to ignore these requests .
For quite incomprehensible reasons , Mr Lamy refuses to initiate a WTO procedure unless , at the same time , state subsidies for European shipyards are introduced ; or , to put it another way , Mr Lamy will only try to have the South Korean practice deemed unlawful if Europe itself introduces an unlawful practice .
As I see it , we in Europe would only damage our own case through such an approach .
As rapporteur last autumn , I did a lot of work to stop this link from being made , and I am still doing so .
As , incidentally , I also did in a still unanswered letter I wrote together with my fellow MEP , Mrs Kauppi , from Finland , I would most strongly urge Commissioner Lamy to initiate a WTO procedure against South Korea straight away .
In Danish shipyards , employees have already begun to be fired on the grounds that it is no longer possible to compete with the huge state subsidies paid by the Koreans .
With reference to the issue of unemployment , I would refer to the ELDR Group 's Amendment No 4 .
Madam President , as the previous speaker mentioned , the time is past when running a company was just about earning more money .
That is , of course , the basic view of the Group of the Party of European Socialists , but it is fortunately also the basic view of modern companies and , in actual fact , of modern investors too .
It has found splendid expression in this report , and I find it annoying that the Group of the Europe People 's Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats will not accept that the tool in this context needs to be a mixture of carrot and stick .
Companies have to submit financial accounts at present but , in future , these financial accounts will , of course , also have to be combined with annual reports which tell the public what the companies have done to comply with their social responsibilities and their responsibility for the environment .
A couple of words , then , about the social labelling scheme .
Clearly , a series of common standards should be adopted for the social labelling scheme .
The environmental label introduced by the EU could be a quite excellent source of inspiration .
It has long been a part of European companies ' day-to-day practice to assume responsibilities - over and above those required by laws and regulations - for their employees , their surroundings and the environment .
This has taken place in the form of very productive dialogue and interaction between companies and authorities .
Another example I want to mention is the cooperation between thirteen major groups in Scandinavia which , together with the World Nature Fund , are working on developing a sustainable development programme .
The key term for describing these efforts is the pursuit of excellence , rather than mere compliance with what the law requires .
In short , the key words are commitment and voluntarism .
That is something I have fought against .
I think the Dublin Institute is very well suited to this purpose , given the skills and the network already possessed by the Institute .
We in the Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party are able , then , to support active efforts to develop companies ' social responsibilities .
Mr President , all MEPs are entitled to be treated equally , whether they are part