What is more , although technological developments have certainly reduced the prices of these new energy sources , this reduction is still not enough , and we must therefore finance RTD programmes in this field .
By way of a second example , a member of the public wrote to me reporting that he had paid LUF 200 in bank charges on a transfer of LUF 268 to Germany .
Madam President , the rapporteur rightly highlighted several points which are regularly censured by the single European thinking .
In short , we need to finally set in motion the grand plans we have spent so long talking about .
Policies that succeed in combating unemployment are never popular and that is why they are not pursued in Europe .
Nonetheless , it puts forward some very interesting proposals that are worth discussing .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , along with all the members of my group , I voted against Mrs Haug 's report on the European Union 's system of own resources .
The Member States agree with the assessment of the problem , but are extremely divided as to how it should be solved .
This is where the disagreements arise in terms of the best solution to adopt .
Although we succeeded in rejecting paragraph 13 , which put forward the idea of cofinancing the CAP , albeit with a small majority , other parts of the resolution were not acceptable and , in our view , should not have been accepted .
Today , all we are doing is asking them to finance the EU 's enlargement to include the countries of Central and Eastern Europe , while being fully aware that their future hangs in the balance .
In an attempt to rectify the wholly unacceptable situation experienced by some assistants as a result of the lack of moral rigour of some Members of this House , Mr Lehne proposed turning the Commission 's text into an actual statute covering all provisions relating to grade , work and salary conditions , and so on .
The industrialised and Atlanticist Germany would easily sacrifice the agricultural Europe , giving Washington a monopoly over the food weapon .
Since the beginning , the National Front has made its choice clear : it favours the Europe of realities and truths , the tangible Europe , and the Europe of states and nations .
It is up to us to do everything we can to put an end to this conflict , to establish peace in the region , of course , but also to promote economic development .
When we see that this trial is dealing with the terrible and deplorable crime of having had contacts with the foreign press , we realise that this so-called democratisation is very far from being achieved .
I am voting in favour of the amendments proposed by the Trakatellis report on the regulation on leaf tobacco .
Although this transfer does not affect the budget , it encourages production to move towards quality tobacco .
As our new COM was drawn up in order to comply with WTO requirements , there is no reason for us to envisage any future adjustments .
They are used as a channel by the drug rings , and they have to assert their existence in a highly dangerous international environment .
Also , the procedures for the one-stop shop should perhaps be clarified .
I am convinced that adopting guidelines on social matters would genuinely encourage our governments to seek a productive and essential balance between solidarity and competitiveness .
The new WTO rules depend on the code .
A programme cannot be regarded as efficient simply because of a significant level of take-up of its appropriations .
There is also no annual EU-India summit .
The recent violations of human rights , in particular the violation of religious freedom to the detriment of the Christian communities , as in neighbouring Pakistan , are also worrying and may not have been sufficiently stressed by our rapporteur .
Mr President , you have just mentioned as an item on the agenda , incorporating the corrigendum that we have received , the statement by the Council following the resignation of the Commission .
These reforms are also a prerequisite for enlargement , and we need to establish a strict timetable and a target date , perhaps 1 January 2002 .
It would also be politically preferable for it to be the Parliament elected in June that applied these new powers , so we might need to consider bringing forward the date of the constitutive sitting in July .
Finally , it is up to the Council and Parliament , the Union 's two political institutions , to act in close cooperation to ensure that the European Union that emerges from this crisis has stronger structures and greater legitimacy for its activities .
It was mainly the Council which gave the Commission so many more tasks but without the funding to be able to carry them out , and it has seriously neglected its supervisory responsibilities .
I myself think that having a stronger Commission would not solve any of our problems , quite the reverse .
This mafia-style political mismanagement in the Commission , which goes back to the time of Jacques Delors , is partly explained by the fact that it is directly responsible for the management of considerable sums of Community funding , and that civil service work is delegated to external consultants or subcontractors selected on the basis of questionable criteria without any sort of advertising or transparency .
Madam President , ' Shakespeare in Love ' has won and Europe is ecstatic .
But it is also a lesson for the future and a revolution , in three ways , for tomorrow .
Can we live up to this culture ?
The timetable must be respected and we must meet these challenges together , or