For the sake of clarity , the Regulation should contain clear rules relating simply to public access to documents and not a lot else .
This is a very positive thing .
I regret that it was not possible to initiate an interinstitutional dialogue with the European Parliament during the autumn .
Pending this , there is much we can do .
Just as it has been said here , transparency is a good thing and it is necessary and important .
Thank you very much Mr Cashman and Parliament for raising this issue .
Right at the start , I would like to make it clear that the EU is giving its full support to the stabilisation and normalisation of Georgia and to democratic reforms in the country .
Georgia 's goal is , of course , to achieve stability and prosperity .
We appreciate the fact that Georgia is determined to continue with its democratic reforms and is particularly resolute about a second wave of reforms .
Talks between the government and the opposition must continue to work towards a consensus on the central elements of institution building and on issues relating to constitutional reforms , election reforms , freedom of the media and human rights .
We are also looking at negotiation directives for an association agreement with Georgia and with Armenia and Azerbaijan .
The mandate has now been extended until September 2010 .
Despite some difficulties , the parties have reached agreement on a number of points , including the establishment of a 'hotline ' to deal with security-related matters at the administrative borders of South Ossetia and Abkhazia .
The mission is monitoring newly-built settlements , the resettlement of internal refugees from the war in August last year and the facilitation of contact between internal refugees and the Georgian authorities , NGOs and international organisations .
In this regard , it is clear that almost all of the internal refugees who were displaced by earlier conflicts are still living in conditions that do not meet international minimum standards , although the situation has improved since 2008 .
However , we are being vigilant with regard to the risk that the Georgian authorities will cease to apply the memorandums of understanding , as there is a lack of mutual trust between the parties .
The EU has consistently reiterated its unswerving support for Georgia 's sovereignty and territorial integrity within its internationally recognised borders .
Russia must implement these agreements in full .
In this regard , the talks in Geneva are extremely important , even though they will be difficult .
Mr President , I know that there is a great deal of interest in this matter .
This will , in all probability , involve continued appeals for respect for Georgia 's territorial sovereignty and integrity and continuation of the EU monitoring mission , as well as our very important role of mediator in the Geneva talks .
As many of you have pointed out , the humanitarian situation is still of great concern .
The closure of the OSCE mission in Georgia and the UN observer group has resulted in the removal of crucial elements of the important international security structure .
It is important for Georgia 's security and stability .
The EU will continue to be very active in this matter .
However , this economic crisis has been deeper than any crisis that Europe has experienced since the 1930s and has hit car manufacturers in Sweden , and Volvo Cars in particular , especially hard .
The redundancies made by Volvo Cars are considered by the Commission to have a 'significant negative effect on the local and regional economy ' in western Sweden .
The risk of social marginalisation and permanent exclusion is very great , which is something that , as Liberals , we cannot accept .
Violent extremism is spreading beyond the region .
A lot of attention is focused on Afghanistan .
There will be no solution to the conflict in Afghanistan if we do not also get to grips with the situation in Pakistan , and vice versa .
The result was the EU action plan for strengthening the EU 's involvement in Afghanistan and Pakistan .
The action plan will allow us to adapt the instruments currently being used to meet our political priorities .
It also sends out a message to the region that we are prepared to stay the course .
That is behind us .
We hope that a new government will soon be in place .
The EU expects a strong commitment and leadership from President Karzai and his government .
Next year , there will be significantly greater numbers of international personnel in Afghanistan .
The US is sending an additional 30 000 personnel to supplement the 68 000 already in the country .
There can be no lasting military withdrawal from Afghanistan unless a civil framework for stability is in place .
We are making a long-term commitment to Afghanistan .
We will need to do more and to do better .
We place great importance on the principle of the rule of law , good governance , the fight against corruption and on improving the human rights situation .
Those who have taken part in conflict in the past must be offered alternatives .
The 2008 elections re-established democracy and civilian rule .
Scarcely a week passes without media reports of further suicide attacks .
These provide a basic framework for future democracy , electoral reform and institution building .
We want to strengthen democracy and achieve stability .
This will also be brought about through economic development and trade .
At the same time , civilians must be protected and international law complied with .
The government should also be attentive to the need for humanitarian aid and reconstruction in the areas affected .
Much has been achieved in both