Parliament , have voted in favour of Amendments 700 , 701 and 706 to the budget .
We are well aware that the supporters of nuclear power are attempting to use this term to conceal the fact that they are really talking about an economy in which nuclear power plays a prominent role as a source of energy .
In the vote on the EU 's 2011 budget , the Danish Liberal Party voted against a number of amendments relating to the removal of money for export refunds .
However , if the expenditure is not specified in the EU budget it will have to be paid out by the individual Member States .
The Danish Liberal Party is pleased about the considerable reduction in the EU 's export subsidies in recent years and will continue to work to bring about a change in the underlying legislation so that the phase-out can continue .
The reason why the Danish Liberal Party voted against this proposal is that this premium is only paid in Denmark , Sweden and Slovenia , where , as we know , bullfighting does not happen .
Finally , the Danish Liberal Party voted against allocating DKK 300 million to a European dairy fund .
Dairy prices have risen over the last year and , against that background , the Commission has concluded that , under the current rules , it will not be possible for money to be paid out from such a fund .
We believe that all EU Member States should adopt poverty targets and introduce minimum income schemes .
We believe that there are many ways to assess poverty and it ought to be up to each individual Member State to find the best way to do this and to construct a minimum income scheme that is tailored to that Member State .
The Danish Liberal Party voted against one particular amendment to the Feio report , which recommends that a study be carried out into the advantages of establishing a European tax collection system .
Mr President , my reason for speaking in this debate is to emphasise the need to take account of the environmental considerations and public opinion and , particularly , to use them in subsequent work on the directive on high-speed rail links .
All else being equal , it must be assumed that an integrated high-speed network would benefit both users and the environment , but clearly the original proposal suffered from the lack of a thorough investigation into the environmental aspects .
However , the Commission must now make good these omissions and be more forceful than hitherto in bringing the environment into subsequent debate so that we can set up an integrated high-speed network which is absolutely vital to the further development of Europe .
Each one of us who has spent hours of frustration at airports , which has definitely been the case this winter , and in traffic chaos on the roads , which has also been the case , know just how imperative it is to create an efficient rail system linking the whole of Europe .
Without it we will not be able to meet the transport needs of the future .
I believe that the rapporteur has succeeded in putting his finger right on the sensitive points which need to be highlighted .
Co-operation with the Commission is now conducted in a more positive spirit than hitherto .
I cannot overstate the need for stricter observance of the obligation to follow Parliament 's recommendations , and I believe that there is an obvious need to tighten up the regulations in the context of the intergovernmental conference for example , so that both the Commission and the Member States are required to comply with the changes which are necessary to run the accounts satisfactorily .
We can see this , for example , with the Structural Funds where there is totally inadequate control over projects , and no consequences if projects are not completed or are completed in some way other than that originally laid down .
On the subject of the PHARE programme , may I urge the Commission to take up the challenge to work out some strategic guidelines for the PHARE programme 's role in connection with enlargement to incorporate the Eastern and Central European countries .
It is imperative that the purpose of the aid which we provide through the PHARE programme is to pave the way for enlargement with the Eastern and Central European countries .
I maintain , however , and I would very much like to hear the Commissioner 's views on this , that traditional border controls are antiquated because they are very easy for criminal gangs to get through and it is therefore out of date to deploy police along borders ; instead , we should have international co-operation to combat crime .
I would earnestly request you to confirm this .
Mr President , Mr Cox has touched upon what I actually want to ask about , but allow me also to call to mind the problem which arises on major routes , for example between Stockholm and Helsinki , where one third of gross profits actually derives from the sale of duty free goods .
A different transport pattern is produced when duty free sales are done away with in this manner .
We might well ask what duty free sales actually mean : do they distort competition when all the Member States take part ?
The last thing which I should perhaps mention is , that as this report is delayed in the Commission , it indicates that the actual complexity of the matter just cannot be described in a report .
There are transport , social and regional conditions to be considered .
I hope , however , that we will be able to find a solution together