contamination .
It is a proposal whereby the authorities would now be able to disregard water samples , even if they revealed contamination and health hazards , if the same authorities simply choose to characterise the contamination as transitory .
This would be an impairment of the directive , and I hope the proposal is not adopted .
The second proposal to which I wish to draw attention is Amendment No 76 concerning the definition of bathing water .
There would have to be more than 100 bathers a day for at least 20 days a year .
First of all , it would involve giving unduly detailed direction to the Member States in a way that would be entirely contrary to the principle of subsidiarity .
Who on earth would count the bathers every day out on the beaches of Europe .
The sampling frequency recommended by the Commission is not , however , sufficient and undercuts the current arrangements in Denmark .
The bathing season is set at three months in Denmark .
The Commission ’s proposal would mean the number of samples we take each season falling from ten to two .
It is , however , with pleasure that I am able to observe that quite a few of the amendments tabled by the liberal rapporteur , Mr Maaten , disappeared in the course of discussion by the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Policy .
It saves Parliament from becoming still more of a laughing stock in the eyes of the public .
I am unable to support the report’s proposal to include other leisure activities in the definition of the framework for the bathing water directive .     Mr President , as several people have said , this year is of course the first time that we are working with a budget designed to be activity-based , the idea being that the budget should be far better at reflecting the political priorities and that it should also be easier to see where we are investing our money .
This means that the budget work is still a very technical exercise in which it is easy to lose sight of the political choices .
It is of course important , among other things , that we see the agencies ’ – the decentralised agencies ’ – budgets in the context of the political priorities .
We must beware that establishing the decentralised agencies does not lead to unduly high expenditure for the EU , but we must of course also ensure that these agencies have the financial frameworks to enable the tasks in actual fact to be carried out .
That is why it is important for us to have obtained the activity-based budget .
I also very much agree with Mr Mulder’s demand that we acquire greater transparency and the ability on the part of Parliament to control the agencies ’ budgets .
I should like , where this year’s budget is concerned , to emphasise that , in connection with enlargement , we have appropriated more money to guarantees for loans .
Last but not least , I hope we can find a solution to the problem of the information offices , or what are known as Info-Points and Carrefour centres , which , as from next year , have had their subsidies cut back because of problems with the Financial Regulation .
It has in actual fact been admirable .
Here in Parliament , we very often discuss EU defence , foreign and security policy , and the Commissioner takes the lead in these areas .
I do not disagree that we should have a common foreign , security and defence policy , but anyone and everyone , and especially the Commissioner , knows that it will take some time before this happens .
We are , however , already an economic power .
We are a powerful factor in the economic area , and that is a factor I think we should exploit much more intensively than we do .
We might well , of course , help the oppressed half of the population , that is to say women , that genuinely suffers from a long list of injustices on a variety of fronts : partly cultural traditions , decided by men ; partly violence when men do not get their way ; and partly trade , because men want to make profits from women ; and so on and so forth .
Mrs Smet has herself mentioned the Taliban regime , which did not only take the most basic rights , such as educational rights , away from women , but also every possible other right .
The Commissioner says we are doing a lot , but are we doing a sufficient amount , and are we doing it systematically enough ?
Soon , we shall have common monitoring of the EU’s external borders , just as we had in the old days around our own country .
So does the EU Constitution .
There will , however , be a Commissioner from each country , because a number of countries cannot get the Constitution accepted without national Commissioners .
There is now a danger of there being group presidencies , with three or four countries leading the EU for 18 to 24 months and , in practice , the possibility of the largest country in the group taking charge of the most important tasks .
It would be wiser to continue with the current rotation scheme in which countries can concentrate for six months on delivering a proper presidency .
To limit the burden of work , the individual Council formations and , in particular , the 297 working parties in the Council might be given the option of selecting their own chairman from among themselves on the basis of a combination of fair rotation and the chairman ’s personal qualifications for presiding over the meetings