Is safety in relation to scaffolding really a matter for the EU , however ?
This might be at a national or local level .
Another issue is that of how it is to be ensured that the rules are in actual fact implemented and that we do in actual fact see fewer accidents involving falls from height .
While we have been discussing this Directive , I have in fact been paying more attention to the scaffolding in Brussels , and I believe , to be honest , that we shall have a serious problem implementing this directive .
The discussion we are also having in other contexts about new forms of governance must also deal with the way in which we are to regulate the working environment most effectively .
Is there some other way in which we can oblige the two sides of industry and the national governments to ensure a good working environment ?
There was , of course , overwhelming interest in this report , such that no less than 135 amendments were tabled .
I should also like to thank the Commission and the Swedish Presidency for their very constructive cooperation .
What I do not see are common rules for European farmers competing in a single internal market .
Naturally , there are differences in temperature , but that only , of course , increases the need for overhead sprays , for harmonised rules concerning ventilation and for very good training for all EU farmers .
I also think we are obliged to adopt common rules for European farmers and that we must not only ever talk about minimum rules .
That is also , of course , what the Commission has proposed .
Otherwise , it will be possible justly to accuse us of not complying with our own decisions .
In order to meet this problem and in order to ensure that consumers have clear and lucid information about products that witness to a high standard of animal welfare , the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development would request the Commission to take initiatives to produce common rules for the labelling of pork that complies with these high standards .
However , that is , of course , the same as proposing , or supporting the idea of , a trade war , and that is something I do not think we should do .
The Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development would also ask the Commission to prepare a report on the situation regarding implementation of the existing directives from 1991 , for it is of course not only a question of fair competition in the world market but also , to a large extent , of fair competition in the internal market .
The Commission ought now to gather the information and present it in a report explaining how the directive has been implemented , just as , this afternoon , we heard Commissioner Byrne provide a clear explanation of progress where animal transport is concerned .
I am very much looking forward to the Commission ' s relevant proposals , which we expect to receive in October of this year .
It is now , therefore , the Commission ' s task to look after the interests of European farmers in the forthcoming WTO negotiations .
As has been said , the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development proposes partly solving this problem by introducing a common welfare-marking system .
The Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development also wants the Commission to propose rules for keeping pigs outdoors , now that the rules governing intensive pig rearing are soon to be in place .
More and more pigs are kept outdoors , and it is therefore necessary to secure common rules governing access to mud baths and shade and any other facilities relevant to keeping pigs outdoors .
It ought quite simply to be a requirement for farmers to have practical and theoretical training so that they are able to look after their animals responsibly .
We have voted in favour of a European monitoring and information system for maritime traffic , for a fund to provide compensation for oil pollution and for the setting up of a European maritime safety agency .
We have seen all too many accidents during the last couple of years .
There was the loss of the tanker , Erika off Brittany in December 1999 , resulting in considerable oil pollution , and the loss of the Italian chemical tanker , Ievoli Sun .
Most recently , we have seen an extensive oil spill in the Baltic , which could have been avoided if we had had better European rules .
However , that is not the case .
If we become better at discovering the causes of accidents , we also become better at preventing them .
The EU must take the lead in the IMO by adopting better rules .
We must have safety so that fish , birds and people can use the sea without being covered in oil and chemicals .
- ( DA ) We have together voted in favour of the report , for we think it important that alternative energy sources to mineral oil be found .
Mr President , it is a tragedy that we are discussing here .
A rich country that has almost become bankrupt , State employees who do not receive their salaries , civil rights violations , attempted coups and oppression , armed conflict and hundreds killed .
I believe we can all agree about that here in Parliament .
I hope that you will take the matter up in the Bureau so that we can have these very important matters properly discussed at a time when both the Council and a fair number of MEPs are also present , for this way of proceeding is not good enough .
Mr President , we fortunately live at a time when oppressed people and ethnic