ease with which capital can be moved and also due to the new budgetary aid process at EU level .
The issue of exercising power and of funding political life is as relevant in the North as it is in the South .     Mr President , I will be very brief .
Mr President , I should like to propose an oral amendment to insert a new paragraph 5a .
The text is as follows : '5a . Calls for the liberation of Dr Ayman Nour '.
Mr Wurtz stated that the proposal had been made well after the Conference of Presidents .
I believe that , in the context of the support that we are giving to Romania during these months of accelerated reforms , we are establishing two important notions the rate and consistency of the progress made while remaining aware , however , that there is no such thing as a perfect political system and that a significant amount of progress has already been made .
That is very serious .
For the sake of that , we , as Europeans , cannot tolerate the repeated remarks made by the President of Iran denying the Holocaust , laying claim to a myth and calling for the disappearance of Israel .
It would be disgraceful on our part if we were to trivialise those remarks and to ignore them in the name of goodness knows what intolerable or real economy .
These are extremely serious events , and I should like to express my indignation to you .
Firstly , as regards the general budget of the EU , I welcome the fact that Mr Mulder took on board in his report two crucial remarks in my opinion that were adopted by our Committee .
Our rapporteur for the discharge for the implementation of the budget of the agencies , Mr Guidoni , is certainly aware that the agencies – and he said this a moment ago – are not always well received by some Members and the general public .
As for the future of the Agency for Reconstruction , namely the gradual winding up of its activities in 2008 as laid down by the Commission , I personally do not see any problem with this , in light of the fact that the agency had originally been declared provisional .
The rapporteur has explained that several amendments of a legislative nature need to be made .
Given that problems of mis-selling , to use a nice French expression , have come to light in several EU countries , damaging investor confidence , we must at some point , here or elsewhere , match the more complex nature of investment products with greater protection for investors , whoever they may be .
With a 16.10 % fatal accident rate , the seriousness of accidents involving heavy goods vehicles is two and a half times higher than that recorded for accidents as a whole .
It is just that , with the accusations being very serious , we must ensure that there is complete transparency so that we can then judge and assess matters with full knowledge of the facts .     .Latin America was heralded as the giant power for the end of the 20th century .
We will resolutely oppose that , not only on behalf of France , but also on behalf of the general interest of Europe .     . I firmly support the recommendations in the Titley report aimed at rolling out ‘Bringing eCall to citizens ’ in the 25 Member States .
A decision must be made .
Thank you , Mr President , ladies and gentlemen .     Mr President , I should like to submit a proposal concerning the human rights situation in Tunisia : this situation remains extremely worrying , as the President of the European Parliament highlighted only last week .
I have already said on numerous occasions that I am opposed to this Article 4 being toned down in any way and to certain messages praising the virtues of alcohol being authorised .
That being said , the everyday reality for eels is one of being caught by locals , for example in pools on the edge of the Mediterranean in the South of France .
That is precisely the aim of the amendments tabled in plenary by the Committee on Fisheries .
First of all , your Europe of results is singularly lacking in ambition when it comes to policy .
This text should say who we are , what we want and what values we espouse and defend .
This clearly visible Community added value will be of benefit to European citizens and , due to that , it deserves a Community contribution based on projects planned by consortia involving shippers , transport operators and infrastructure providers .
The minimum subsidy thresholds for the various types of action have been reduced in comparison with those proposed by the Commission , and we will look into how we can deal with the increase in assessment and monitoring work that will result .
This direction is the right one to take , but there are not enough resources to make it credible .
We are indeed quite determined to avoid the dangers and risks of a continual increase in road traffic on Europe 's roads and motorways .
It demonstrates to Europeans , who appear increasingly to doubt the value of our project of European construction , that our continent is making daily progress and producing practical rules to improve their daily lives – in the event , by enabling them to make conscious choices about what they eat .
I am opposed to calling Article 4 and the nutrient profile into question in any way .
Worse , they apply it badly and do so with an impunity in which the European Commission is complicit .
Any pointless legislation should be repealed , and necessary legislation properly applied .
