I would insist – give in once again to pressure from the United States .     Mr President , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the ambitious challenge of the Millennium Summit was human globalisation , human rights , peace and prosperity for the whole of humanity , and we can conclude that , fundamentally , what that Summit has achieved has been to restrain the attempts to dismantle the United Nations and to point , though with many shortcomings , to certain areas of progress .
Secondly , I acknowledge that the European Union’s role in the summit has been relatively commendable and positive .
It is not , however , sufficient to keep the United Nations afloat , but it is essential to relaunch the organisation definitively .
Nevertheless , I believe that , if my report is approved during tomorrow’s sitting , we will be justified in saying that the three Institutions mentioned – Parliament , Commission and Council – fully share the desire to promote , consolidate and enrich our relationship with the largest democracy in the world , in a manner that benefits both parties mutually .
I would therefore like to call upon New Delhi to deal rigorously with these factors .
My intentions are laid out in detail in the Explanatory Statement and in the Motion for a Resolution .
But they also recognise that there are problems .
But I would predict that , if we do not deal with these challenges in an ordered manner , though we are talking about textiles today , tomorrow we may be talking about cars or communications and information technology products .
Mr President , there is no question that this is a fundamental problem .
Mr President , I am asking that the second part of paragraph 10 contain the following : ‘and requests that any such future action contribute to bringing to an end discrimination based on sex or caste , wherever it takes place’ .     .
And not just that : it cannot manage the conflict properly and it is also failing with regard to general government and State affairs .
Article 2 of that Agreement clearly stipulates that respect for democratic principles and fundamental rights must underpin the internal and external policies of the parties and that respect is an essential element of the Agreement .
To this end , we , like Mrs De Keyser , also call for the creation of a European Union-Tunisia human rights sub-committee to debate the overall human rights situation and to deal in particular with individual cases .     .
What is the immediate cause ?
The use of the tragedy as a bargaining chip : they are sending us this message : ‘if we want to stop it , we can do so , but you must pay and you must look the other way and , what is more , you must not criticise’ .
There is therefore no place for the lamentations of a former Director-General of Police who , right here today , is owning up to his failure , his frustration and his lack of patriotism .
I would ask for your support and would like to invoke this Parliament’s Rules of Procedure so that I can respond .     Mr President , I only wish to respond to Mr Barón by saying the following : before this afternoon , I had respect for Mr Barón , a lot of respect ; having heard him , and having seen the great effort he has made to destroy that respect , he has succeeded : I no longer have any respect for him .
Mr Barón has proven that , when it comes to this and other issues , he has no idea what he is talking about .     Mr President , a careful look at the Minutes will reveal that I have not referred personally to Mr Díaz de Mera .
The strategy for Africa proposed by the Commission and the effort proposed by the British Presidency could respond to the need to react in the face of an issue about which the only clear thing is that we are facing a European problem for which that very European dimension is the only solution , the Union dimension , combined with that of the Member States .
Furthermore , I believe that this is the appropriate time to do it .
In order to make this possible , however , I believe that it is vitally important to promote the necessary mutual trust amongst all the actors involved .
In this regard , the amendments that we have presented relate to a structural dialogue which is often established in the European Union .     Mr President , I would like to express the shame I feel as a Member of the European Parliament as a result of Mr Barroso having recently appointed three people even more reactionary than Mr Buttiglione to occupy the Commission ’s vacant positions in the European Group on Ethics and New Technologies .
But this programme will also be open to many countries that are not Members of the European Union .
Nevertheless , I would like to point out that though we have accepted the compromise amendments , we have certain reservations with regard to the change of legal basis .
I would like to point out that my political group cannot accept any of the amendments presented by the Verts/ALE Group and , in particular , the one which refers to animal by-products .
The H5 virus has spread amongst wild and domestic birds , and migratory birds are spreading it all over the place .
Ladies and gentlemen , good friends all : fifteen years ago , I came here to speak with your group presidents as one of the leaders of the opposition to the Chilean dictatorship