Saving the ozone layer is crucial to saving the lives of human beings , plants and bio-diversity itself .
We cannot take 50 years to implement these , however .
After decades of a bipolar world , the situation of unipolarity must be transitory and in this the European Union ' s contribution will be decisive .
The current challenges cannot be deferred or hesitated over .
We supported those proposals which , in order to protect the health of consumers , did not endanger jobs by preventing European farmers from continuing to produce tobacco and the European industry from continuing to manufacture it .
The conferences on violence against women , trafficking of women and reconciling family and professional life , together with the UN conference on Beijing+5 , are clear examples of the Portuguese Presidency ' s involvement in this area .
The resolution approved by the European Parliament was greatly appreciated in the UN.
This was also possible because the bilateral contacts which we each maintain , by working hard at them and thereby multiplying their effectiveness , were vital in the end result .
Europe must continue to be the driving force in developments in this area .
Portugal is also very pleased that , in the last Social Affairs and Employment Council , a resolution was approved on reconciling family and professional life .
Mr President , I understand the Member ' s concern and realise that this is shared by several sectors in the EU.
If we were to regard the Community budget as a kind of savings fund and were to act increasingly through subsidiarity in terms of financing , the future of the EU' s policies would very probably be in doubt , particularly from 2006 .
It provides for assistance in education , vocational training , public health and social housing .
Until now the Commission has always been involved in an informal way in the activities carried out by this group .
The first official will arrive in Managua on 17 July and the remaining officials in the following weeks .
In the case of this programme we had to deal with the staff who were available , due to the constraints of human resources .
These include the European Community contribution to the HIPC debt initiative , and approval of an improved General System of Preferences Scheme for Central America and Council Regulation of 21 December 1998 applying a multiannual scheme of generalised tariff preferences has been extended to 31 December 2001 .
These are all different situations which must be treated differently .
Solidarity must be for all .
I would ask you to convey my good wishes to Mr Schulz , who is no longer here .
So the directive is , in my opinion , the most relevant instrument to address these minimum standards for asylum procedures which will have to reflect the cornerstones of the policy of the European Union with regard to asylum as was underscored by the European Council in Tampere : an absolute respect for the right to seek asylum , a full and inclusive application of the Geneva Convention relating to the Status of Refugees and maintaining the principle of non-refoulement .
The Commission shares the view of the European Parliament that entry of asylum seekers , migration for economic or other reasons and temporary admittance of displaced persons and refugees in the event of a mass influx must be treated as entirely separate matters .
I should like to remind the House that with regard to asylum , the scoreboard that has been submitted reflects the conclusions at the Tampere Summit where a two-stage approach was adopted by the Heads of State and Government .
The Commission notes - as has been emphasised by several speakers - that the European Parliament has taken a general position on rationalising Community law on asylum matters in this resolution .
However , it is also essential that we consider the people most affected by crime : its victims .
We therefore welcome the Commission ' s initiative which is clearly compatible with the effort to create an area of freedom , security and justice .
The tough negotiations , as good negotiations always are , have made the adoption of this directive possible .
The Commission will do everything in its power not only to guarantee the appropriate transposition of this directive into national law during the next two years but also to reassess the late payment situation in the future in view of the actual application of the directive .
This is the third time I have appeared before you in the six months of our Presidency and once again this allows the Council to have a direct dialogue with this House .
This will not be a deliberative meeting as the Charter is still being drawn up according to the chosen methodology .
Lunch will be devoted to the Intergovernmental Conference and , in particular , closer cooperation .
The Council will provide an opportunity to assess the progress achieved during the term of the presidency in areas which we regard as particularly important .
As you know , this Parliament has followed the work of the Intergovernmental Conference with great interest and cooperation .
I am convinced that based on the work carried out , we will be in a position , with the leadership of the French Presidency , to conclude the IGC before the end of this year as planned .
Its aim is to create and commit assets and capabilities which will allow us , as planned , to achieve the headline goal .
To this end I must stress that we inherited 16 chapters from the Luxembourg group .
This is very important .
Greece will now join the other 11 Member States which have already moved into the third phase of economic and monetary union .
The potential of this new model