did not see any scope for successful negotiation here .
If - as Mr Hughes says - some Member States are creating difficulties over legislative adoption in the Council , then that is extremely serious .
Mr President , let me begin by expressing my delight over the incorporation of Schengen into the Treaty .
Finding the appropriate technical solutions has nevertheless proved a very tough task .
It is therefore fortunate that the Nordic passport union will be protected .
Effective operation of the system is essential , which means ensuring that Norway and Iceland perform to the same standards as the EU countries on border controls and combating crime .
The presidency has maintained a good dialogue with this committee on Schengen issues , keeping us informed of events .
The role of the European Parliament has been too weak .
I therefore hope that the Council will today endorse the view that , in future , sufficient time must be set aside for proper consideration of these matters .
Schengen has now been successfully incorporated into the Treaty and we have a sensible balance between the first and third pillars .
Clearly - as a previous speaker said - we need to distinguish between the formal and the political levels .
That is where I feel the ministers slipped up .
I do not wish to dwell further on issues connected with the first and third pillars ; instead , let me concentrate on the association arrangements with Iceland and Norway .
The benefits of such freedom , together with the existence of the Nordic passport union , have certainly had a marked influence on my life .
It is somewhat rich that people should be criticising these two countries , when they are the ones behaving democratically and allowing their parliaments to decide .
There should be no major problem here , nor with the Joint Supervisory Authority .
Contrary to what happened with the directive on copyright in the information society , we have managed - in just a short period of time - to conduct a more informative debate .
She is very much her own person , and a creative one at that - even if we occasionally disagreed over my use of her mother tongue , English !
I do , however , endorse what has been said by those speakers who found the Commission 's proposal more balanced .
However , I would like to ask for support from the other groups on the matter of a technology-neutral solution for signing up to agreements and contracts .
I now have an afterthought , a little late in the day .
Sadly , I have to note that even one 's fellows forsake one from time to time .
I am sorry that it has come to this .
We have here a potential springboard for European growth , but we must avoid taking the kind of political decisions that might force Internet providers to locate outside the Union .
The State bears the cost of crime prevention and takes the necessary decisions where there is suspicion of serious criminal activity .
Such an approach is born , in my view , of insufficient knowledge of the sector .
Respect for the integrity of companies is also paramount , especially when they are small .
Hundreds of thousands of Palestinians were driven out of their country , never to be allowed to return .
Not until the Palestinians switched to non-military methods , to civil disobedience through the intifada , to patient negotiations with an enemy perceived by them as fascist and racist - not until this happened did they begin to see signs of success .
I am a critic of the EU , but the Palestinian question is one which I think that the Union has handled in a constructive and positive fashion .
I note with satisfaction the statement in principle that a future Palestinian state will be granted recognition .
Mr President , I see it as a great feat of civilisation that the European continent is now virtually rid of capital punishment .
In countries where democracy does not exist , however - in China , Saudi Arabia , Iran and Iraq - the death penalty is often applied .
Europeans shy away from criticising America .
Many of the EU Member States have an important role to play here .
This is no way to behave .
Provided two individuals have consented to have such contact , there are no grounds for condemning them .
Mr President , the purpose of this resolution is to underline the importance attached by Parliament to speedy ratification of the Statute of the International Criminal Court .
This week - in the course of my three final speeches in the European Parliament - it has given me great satisfaction to be able to speak out in favour of peace and freedom in Kosovo , to support the EU 's fight for the abolition of the death penalty , and to argue for an international tribunal to judge war crimes .
I have met many people in this Parliament who feel the same way and have as a result become my friends .
Much more than I could ever even have dreamed of as a young man has come about , but a great deal still remains to be achieved .
Mr President , we now need this International Criminal Court more urgently than ever before .
The procedures ought to have been set in train much more swiftly .
The current exercise is simply a matter of updating an existing resolution on telecommunications interception , bringing it into line with modem technology .
It bears responsibility for anti-crime measures and supports the cost .
Increased costs would make life harder for small Internet providers , undermining Europe 's competitive edge .
There is currently scope for expansion in the sector , particularly for small and medium-sized companies .
