It is therefore most important that , in application of the Convention on Biological Diversity , the issue of biodiversity should be integrated into Community policies thanks to this communication .
However , despite the considerable impact of transport and tourism policies on ecosystems conservation , the communication maintains that there is no need for the implementation of specific action plans on transport and tourism 'as the development and implementation of the Community strategies on climate change and acidification ... together with the implementation of adequate environmental assessment procedures should be adequate to achieve the biodiversity objectives in these policy areas ' .
Let us now turn to the individual budgets , beginning with our own .
I believe that the solution adopted in the committee is a well-balanced one overall , and that it tackles the matter head-on : a Statute for Members , the lack of which creates unequal treatment , inequality and injustice .
With regard to buildings policy , it has been decided that the option to purchase the IPE IV building should be exercised with ten-year refinancing , on terms comparable to those applicable for the D3 building in Brussels .
As for the Court of Auditors , its budget has been increased by 11.69 % in view of the decision to allow an extension to its building , for which such a commitment is necessary , and for which total funding of EUR 25 m over five years is planned .
These are the most significant aspects of the budgets for the 'other institutions ' .
Unfortunately , we hear all too much nowadays of poor financial management in the case of the PHARE and TACIS programmes , and even of fraud and irregularities in that of ECHO .
The rapporteur has done a tremendous job concerning the sum earmarked for pilot schemes and preparatory actions , managing to take on board the demands of all the committees and of Parliament as a whole , as well as - most importantly - those of the citizens .
As the rapporteur said this morning , education and training shape the future of our young people , enabling them to find their way in this frontier-free Europe and look forward to a brighter future .
Yet again the Union has been unable to respond in unison , as it should have done , to the challenges of the crisis in Kosovo : no joint proposals for a solution to that problem have been forthcoming at diplomatic level , and no concrete initiatives have been put forward to throw the Union 's weight behind the negotiations .
Mr President , I believe that Pörtschach is a major opportunity for the resumption of an institutional political dialogue .
It is therefore necessary to continue building a European democracy and to determine a new balance between the institutions of the Union .
Finally , Mr President , Mr Santer among others spoke of taking a fresh look at institutional policy .
Madam President , it seemed to me - particularly in what the President-in-Office of the Council said - that I detected a new slant on the very important , high-profile issue of unemployment , which is hitting all developed societies very hard .
This is something new , because it has been said until now , both within and outside this House , that unemployment is a national problem , affecting the individual Member States and not the Union , which clearly has other matters to deal with .
EU foreign policy , thus far confined to mere aspirations , proves the point well : for as long as the institutions remain bogged down - and unfortunately there seems to be very little movement here - we cannot have high hopes .
However , this success should not distract our attention from the fact that the Union needs to rest on a more solid foundation if it is to play a more important , determining role .
Is this our only concern ?
We must aim to solve all the problems of the Balkan region , bearing in mind what is now happening in Serbia - the closure of certain independent newspapers - and in Macedonia , from where the signs reaching us are anything but encouraging .
Indeed , in Italy alone , over 1 500 Kosovars have landed on the coast of Puglia in recent weeks , creating obvious difficulties in terms of receiving and assisting them .
We wonder why the European Union , so attentive to human rights issues , is not drawing up a more effective and hard-hitting policy .
Secondly , I cannot imagine that this agreement , wrung out of Milosevic at the eleventh hour , will make him adopt a responsible attitude .
Where I disagree with them is in analysing the situation and looking to the future .
No!
Mr President , despite the Commissioner 's upbeat tone , the financial crisis affecting Latin America is bound to cause alarm and concern in the European Union , not only because of the need for the EU to play a role in international monetary cooperation , but also because Europe has for many centuries been linked to that vast area of central and southern America through ties of culture , language , religion and civilisation , and - perhaps - because everything possible has not yet been done to establish a special relationship with that market .
Unless the European Union can assume a leading role in the shaping of a new international monetary system , the much-vaunted launch of the euro could result in partial failure , like a Ferrari without an engine : good enough to display in the shop window , but not to set out on the long road towards international solidarity .
Indeed , despite the Commission 's efforts and the support from this House , the selfishness and short-sightedness