It is difficult to see how more posts will solve the problem of management if there are still antiquated and complex procedures both in the Commission and Council for dealing with the many programmes .
Mrs Schreyer came forward with an interesting suggestion which we should consider about the idea of a performance reserve in category 5 , so that some posts would be available and we could then give more as the process improves .
This is why we have called for a trialogue as soon as possible once this reading is complete , so that we can get down to the substance of the discussions .
Greater efficiency within the Commission and more effective policy management over the life of the current financial perspective will give more confidence to the European citizens that their taxes are being put to good use and is the only way to ensure that the EU can achieve the wider goals of consolidation within its boundaries after the Nice summit and the gradual enlargement of the EU to the east .
We are looking to rebuild people ' s confidence in our institutions .
Europe ' s interests will not be served by having a weak Commission and an itinerant Parliament .
On the contrary , we must work for a Parliament which campaigns for openness , efficiency and effective democratic control of the European institutions .
Mr President , I give my thanks to the rapporteurs .
The four of them deserve congratulations for the work they have put in .
I welcome Mr Patriat , who is in the Chamber for the first time for this debate .
I thank him for his clarity What he said was absolutely clear .
The message he can pass on to Mrs Parly is : do not book a plane for Thursday night .
It is going to be a long Thursday night and the flight will be some time on Friday .
For the 2001 budget - that is for conciliation - there is a touch of déja vu in that it is so similar to the 2000 budget because category 4 is overriding everything .
Nobody seems to be talking about anything except category 4 .
If we could turn the clock back to when we agreed the Interinstitutional Agreement , if we had given EUR 200 million extra to category 4 , we would have solved a lot of problems over the last two years .
The fact that category 4' s ceiling has now been exceeded by EUR 380 million tells us that we really should have done something like that .
We are trying to safeguard Parliament ' s priorities in category 4 .
When people talk about making reductions or finding the money within category 4 to fund certain priorities , do not forget that Parliament has its priorities , We made that clear in the vote in committee .
But there are three areas which are giving us cause for concern .
Kosovo , of course - which we had the problem with last year .
The transfer that we made last night should resolve the funding for Kosovo , and we should have less of a problem next year because of what we voted for last night .
In fact , we have problem in that we have given too much .
We now have EUR 25 million over the EUR 814 million , so what we could discuss at the trialogue and conciliation is how to take EUR 25 million away from Kosovo , to give it to - let us say - MEDA.
With the transfer of EUR 175 million we have estimated EUR 25 million more than we expected .
We are saying we should use the flexibility instrument for MEDA.
We will try to get an agreement with the Council and the Commission on that .
But although we talk about the flexibility instrument , let us not forget it does not exist unless the Council and Parliament agree to it coming into existence .
Unless it comes into existence we have not just one major problem but several problems .
As for Serbia , we all remain uncertain as to what the needs are there .
Therefore we have put the PM on the line .
I turn now to what Mr Wurtz said before .
It had a lot of validity .
But to reject the budget at this stage , at first reading , is totally wrong .
The content of the argument is worth considering for support , but to try to reject the budget at first reading is nonsense .
We have a long way to go before we get to the second reading but at least he has given us something to think about .
On the western Balkans , President-in-Office , you said that the Council considers EUR 614 million to be enough .
We do not and the Commission does not .
We reckon we have more scientific evidence than your guess at a figure .
So that figure will need to be clarified .
We base it on what the Commission and the World Bank reported last time .
My real worry is that , when the Commission and the World Bank come back with their report at the end of November or beginning of December , it will just be written off by the Council .
You said that if we needed a revision of the Interinstitutional Agreement , then we have to base it on needs and availability , and of course we have to consider the flexibility instrument first .
But what if the needs are extremely high ?
What if the availability is extremely low ?
What if the flexibility instrument is not enough ?
Then the reality is that we will have to look at an IIA .
My real concern is that the Council will simply say that they do not agree with this analysis , that we should forget it and