For example , in the case of the Ukrainian sunflower oil contaminated with mineral oil , the RASFF received notification from the competent French authorities on 23 April 2008 , which was received by all the Member States .
In addition , the traceability system provided for in Regulation (EC ) No 178/2002 , better known as the General Food Law Regulation , makes it possible to carry out targeted , accurate product withdrawals or recalls , to supply adequate information to consumers and food business operators , and to evaluate the risks and avoid unnecessary disruption to trade .
This is just one of many examples of how the Commission effectively manages to protect the consumer and prevent a food crisis .
Thank you , Commissioner , for your report .
Indeed , you may very rightly be doing everything you said you would do , and deserve congratulations .
In the case of Greece and the Ukrainian sunflower oil , a general warning was indeed issued 23 April 2008 that this contaminated sunflower oil was on the EU market .
Yes , they are .
How very reassuring and gratifying that this campaign is being launched online , now , in this month of September .
I am not talking about setting the price , but about defining the relationship between price and product on the basis of competition , and also the transportation of educational products from one Member State to another , and cross-border consumer protection .
The Greek authorities are contravening Articles 3 and 5 of Directive 25/2004/EC ; they reject equal treatment and public tendering on the laughable grounds that a company , OTE ( the Hellenic Telecommunication Organisation ) , in which the state has a 28 % holding , is a state-owned enterprise .
Black Sea Synergy does indeed bear your personal stamp , but you are also aware that the Organization of the Black Sea Economic Cooperation ( BSEC ) is now a mature institutional structure for regional organisation ; its cooperation is indeed intensifying and broadening .
This review is a report on the implementation of the Action Plan to date .
Political leaders at European and national level will thus be able to create more effective legislation and measures to protect the health of European citizens .
This cooperation is key in dealing in the best possible way with the mutual impact that the environment and health have on each other .
Four years after the adoption of the Action Plan I am happy to report that this close cooperation between the various services has now been consolidated .
The Member States are now working together to coordinate a European approach to the issue of human biomonitoring .
Let me briefly elaborate on the new developments .
For instance , new research projects have been funded by the Commission , a working group of experts has been set up and a Green Paper on tobacco smoke and scientific opinions have been approved .
Meanwhile , the Commission will continue preparatory work on the pilot project within the framework of an ERA-NET network and within the framework of an administrative arrangement with the Joint Research Centre in Ispra in close collaboration with the Member States .
The relationship between climate change and health is clearly an issue of growing importance , according to the mid-term review .
Finally , let me thank the rapporteur , Mrs Ries , for her report , her excellent work and the enormous interest she has shown in the issue of the relationship between the environment and health .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , I thank you for the constructive discussion we have had on the important issue of the relationship between the environment and health .
Now to the coordination that one of the speakers mentioned .
The Commission has of course concluded that enforcement of the existing legislation must be stepped up and that the relevant texts , such as specifications and technical instructions , must be revised so that they can be better applied in the case of nanomaterials .
As for the comment by our Polish fellow Member , which is not directly relevant to the topic under discussion but is very significant in the context of the energy and climate change package , I must make it absolutely clear that any increase in electricity prices in Poland and other countries where electricity prices are regulated will not be due to the introduction of auctioning into the European system of greenhouse gas emission rights .
Not only that , but Poland will have the additional advantage of about EUR 1 billion coming from the redistribution which will result from the auctioning of rights in the EU countries whose income per head is above the EU average .
This objective must be pursued even more intensively , with the cooperation of all interested parties and the support of the European Parliament .
It thus brands as terrorists a people struggling for freedom , opposed to the occupation of their territories by the Israeli army and opposed to the economic , social and political blockade and the reprisal attacks they suffer .
Young children are among the victims , in the Gaza Strip , for example , because a government has been elected that is not to the liking of the Israelis , the United States and the EU.
It is shameful to make such allegations .
Under GATS , through bilateral and multilateral agreements and open or veiled coercion and threats , the EU is encouraging capital to penetrate the developing service markets of the less developed countries in order to increase profits and its own influence .
The rivalry of the imperialist centres combined with the opposition of the poorer countries has resulted in the failure of the latest WTO negotiations .
All these are simply examples of European capitalist imperialist aggression , which is quick