an obligation to make better use of CEDEFOP 's contribution , as the rapporteur himself also said .
This constitutes a problem .
Already , however , as the IGC , you have made the first historic mistake .
I was surprised to learn that our two representatives , who will be silent recipients of regular information from you , had gone as far as actually to thank you for your relative willingness to provide it .
Some do not wish to , and others do not dare .
Our aim should be to make the differences between the strong and the weak less pronounced , not to give those differences official expression and establish them institutionally .
It would be a pity for History one day to pronounce that your hands were shown to be lacking in strength and not entirely up to the opportunities this historic time offers .
It is a policy that will have enormous consequences , both in connection with security , and of an economic , social and institutional nature for the functioning of the European Union , parameters which at the time of this debate are imponderable .
How are the Union 's citizens to support a policy when the problem of own resources remains unsolved , a problem which could rock the agricultural sector and have enormous consequences for the very participation of the EU 's Member States in the functioning of the European Union as a result of the changes brought about by the Intergovernmental Conference ?
Democracy and social integration are the concerns of all peoples , and from that point of view I think we ought to act with reserve and be careful about how we approach the countries of Eastern and Central Europe .
Every ten years , and for how many centuries will that have to happen in the future ?
Yet you too , Mr President-in-Office , are pressing for the completion of the Khmelnisky II and Rovno stations to be financed with one-billion EC U.
Have you anything to tell us about the Kosloduy station in Bulgaria , where accidents have already happened ?
Do they not cost ?
Within the scope of the TACIS programme , the European Union has committed itself to provide 110 million ECU by the end of 1996 towards improving the safety of nuclear stations in Central and Eastern Europe , and about 200 million more are to be provided by the European Reconstruction Bank .
Despite all the pressures by the European Union the date for its operation to cease is constantly being postponed .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , the situation in the Middle East is now extremely grave and there is a long list of victims on all sides .
The immediate measures have four ingredients : on the one hand , an end to terrorist acts against Israel and provision of the security guarantees which that demands .
I am glad to hear you say that the Troika is there on the spot , and I would like to believe that this visit by the Troika will lead to a presentation by the European Union of a plan of its own .
Yet , still more initiatives are needed and must be undertaken by the Union .
On behalf of the European People 's Party , I call for a vote in favour of that motion .
Because everyone recognizes the right to self defence , but it is a right that must be exercised with complete and strict self restraint .
I believe that to a large extent this can be attributed to an inadequate presence of the Council of Ministers in the Middle East crisis , perhaps related to the internal problems of the country exercising the presidency , while in fact Italy , owing to its position , its geographical position , and its historical ties , could have played a very important role .
I thank Mr Ferraris and in every way echo the wishes he has expressed .
I ask for a specific answer from the President-in-Office .
From that point of view I fear that the mistake made by the British government during the past decade may be being repeated .
The international money markets are supposed to achieve this by penalizing governments with high interest rates , currency devaluation or the flight of capital if they pursue mistaken policies , in other words policies that seem to the markets to be inflationary , or , now that most of us are implementing anti-inflationary policies , ones that do not seem sufficiently so in the eyes of the markets .
Think what would happen to us if unemployment began to fall in Europe !
Has anyone counted how much hunger , how much backwardness , how much disease , how large an increase in infant mortality Third World countries have had to suffer in order to make up for that 'slight error ' by the major banks ?
Mr President , in today 's political conditions the major conservative governments refuse to cooperate on monetary issues .
With a view to the aim of a single currency , I think we will have to insist on the application of the convergence criteria decided at Maastricht .
However , the criteria for achieving nominal convergence , however important they may be , are not enough for the achievement of true convergence .
The candidate member states have low levels of development and will absorb large sums , resources which must not , however , be taken away from the weaker Member States because that would undermine all that we keep saying about economic and social convergence .
As we know , the IGC is not going to consider the problem .
It is therefore a matter of absolute priority to implement an integrated regional policy , with all the improvements demanded to make it more effective