Therefore I hope that this strategy will improve step by step .
Mr President , amongst the countries that have distinguished themselves in their efforts to fall in step with the European Union , with a view to becoming members , we have Hungary , whose development and current situation I have sought to portray with objectivity as rapporteur for this Parliament .
It is therefore to be expected that questions are asked and that fears grow about the challenge of bringing together two worlds which , unfortunately , have experienced such different levels of development in recent decades .
It is consequently one of the most best-performing economies in the region .
In the resolutions adopted over recent years , Parliament has given prominence to a number of recommendations , in particular those aimed at encouraging the introduction of reforms in the areas of integration of the Roma peoples , improving the social dialogue , efforts to combat corruption and organized crime , strengthening an independent judiciary , increased concern to reduce regional disparities , and , not least , scrupulous adherence to rules governing public-sector tendering .
Ladies and gentlemen , the people , as always , shall be sovereign and shall determine their own laws , which we must fully respect .
Although we welcome the increase of around EUR 500 million , achieved as a result of the pressure exerted by the European Parliament , this sum is clearly inadequate for taking us towards economic and social cohesion .
( PT ) We have supported the rapporteur 's position , recommending the rejection of the three initiatives of the previous Danish Presidency on protecting the confidentiality of Europol information , on amending the Staff Regulations applicable to Europol employees and on amending the Europol Convention .
We might not like the current pillar-based structure , but , while it exists - and this is the structure that exists - this is the framework in which we must work - and work responsibly .
( PT ) The observations I made in the explanation of vote on the Turco report also apply in this case .
It is both possible and necessary to move ahead within the current framework and this is where we ought to participate responsibly and , incidentally , keeping to the method of taking small steps , since this is the method that has ensured the success of European integration .
Parliament should pursue the initiative , suggesting responsibly whatever amendments it considers appropriate , whilst strictly respecting the current legal framework .
The outcome of divisions within the Council , this proposal is for common standards that are harmonised down towards the lowest common denominator , with a reductive vision of the concept of family and with a number of derogations that leaves some crucial aspects unresolved .
.
This is quite clear to me , because I recognise the importance of this concept .
Madam President , we know that talking about a common security and defence policy at the moment is , for the followers of the realist or even hyper-realist school , a type of wishful thinking .
For example , the sectoral distribution of appropriations earmarked for defence in each country could be improved .
As everyone knows , at a press conference with Mr Blair , Mr Aznar threatened Chile and Mexico by saying that , if they did not vote in favour of the coalition position in the Security Council , the progress of their agreements with the European Union could be blocked by some States .
Because there have been and they are all legitimate .
I therefore think that we are all on the right track and that this is precisely what is needed .
I also agree , however , with the need to ensure that we have pure seeds that are , as far as possible , uncontaminated by GMOs .
Like Mr Purvis , the draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on Industry , External Trade , Research and Energy , whom I wish to take this opportunity to congratulate , I believe that this regulation represents progress for both producers and consumers of detergents .
This information can only be used when there is a medical need to take preventive and curative action , in particular , in cases of emergency , with the Member States being responsible for ensuring that this information is not used for other purposes .
The public hearings held in Brussels have greatly contributed to clarifying sensitive subjects .
In some fields , such as the use of foetal tissue , I preferred the text produced by the specialist committee - but since this was rejected in plenary , I broadly welcome the adoption of the amendment that I tabled as the second alternative .
Capitalism has applied the concepts of property and commercialisation to life and to natural heritage .
The problem is that the broad majority of research currently taking place is not public .
( PT ) In the debate on this directive that has taken place in the European Parliament over the last few months there are two issues on which no consensus has been reached with regard to their compliance with the principles that have just been referred to .
.
.
This report addresses the issue of seeds , which underpin all agricultural production .
( PT ) We are now hearing the final echo of the observations that were made yesterday about the Turco and von Boetticher reports .
This is the sphere in which we should participate responsibly , sticking , incidentally , to the approach of taking small steps .
Nevertheless , other recommendations should be included , specifically on the need to change the framework of international trade , which is economically imbalanced , on resolving the problem of the indebtedness