, could be facing direct problems .
And this , as the Commissioner said , in a spirit of compromise .
In our opinion , at least , they are the result of the policy exercised towards Albania and its people by the governments of some Member States and by the European Union 's bodies .
They are the result of the many-sided aid and support given to Mr Berisha 's antipopulist and autarchic regime .
Despite this , we are still unable to draw the necessary conclusions and we continue along the same slippery path , trying to solve the problem by suppressing the popular rising and by comprehensive and all-round aid to Mr Berisha .
The electoral process must establish a new President and a new Parliament .
Finally , I would like to express my complete opposition to any plan for the intervention of international military forces in Albania , a thing which could lead to unforeseen situations all over the Balkan area .
I think I can tell you : it created a savage and barbarous capitalism in that country , which has incited its citizens to rebellion .
Over that period , those five years , we devoted very little time to what should have engaged our attention , namely unemployment , the flight of hundreds of citizens to neighbouring countries , and of course , we did nothing about the elections in May 1996 .
Even today , we still tolerate the imprisonment of Fatos Nano .
It listened to the countries with experience and a prolonged presence in the area - Greece and Italy - and operated effectively .
If Mr Berisha really loves his country , he will have to let others in his party and from the other parties govern that country , and he ought to leave calmly and quietly so that the Albanian people can solve their own problems .
I listened carefully to what the President-in-Office of the Council said , and of course all that is correct and we agree , but he proposed nothing specific .
That is the kind of information we want , because here in Parliament , as tomorrow 's vote will I hope show , at this stage we are avoiding the adoption of positions and any criticism of either side , considering that the situation in Albania is so fluid that the most important thing is to be able to maintain some level of political dialogue .
Inactivity must cease , the Ministers must be convened , to create a group that will work on a solution to the crisis and will remain constantly vigilant and make its presence felt in Albania .
I would just like to express once more three minor reservations , because if I remember rightly , we had the same debate about the Bosnian situation .
He shares the blame for the pyramids .
He did nothing to stop the pyramids , as you told us .
And thirdly , unless there is some promise on our part , not from the Albanian regime which is completely untrustworthy , that those who lost their money in the robbery of the century - 35-40 % of Albania 's national income - will get back at least their starting capital , do not expect any optimistic outcome in Albania .
This legitimacy of the Berisha regime cannot now continue .
With this in mind , I call upon the President-in-Office , if he wishes to be constructive , to say 'yes , the Dutch government is prepared to give all the necessary guarantees and immediate political asylum to Mr Berisha , so that the situation in Albania can be unblocked ' .
Madam President , I just want to remind the President-in-Office of one question .
And for it to continue , there are certain prerequisites .
The fourth prerequisite is that Europe 's role must continually become more substantive .
Islam is a significant force .
Mr President , I too would like to welcome our Mediterranean friends and colleagues , and also sincerely to congratulate Yannis Sakellariou on his work .
We must not forget that the Mediterranean is an area in which different cultures and different religions meet .
I think it is very important to pay particular attention to the subject of migration .
President De Giovanni gave a good account of the more general reasons for our concerns .
I fully agree with them , and without circumlocution I should add that I fear the crisis ahead of us .
It is not enough to reiterate the principles that have held sway during these 40 years and have brought us so many successes : unity of our institutional system , preservation of the Community 's achievements , the principle of equality , the principle of social cohesion , and the maintenance of balance .
That is not how to maintain balance and we cannot accept it , nor of course propose it to the parliaments and citizens of our countries .
Exceptionally , I will also allow Mr Chesa to speak .
Mr President , before the Commissioner leaves , I should like to ask a question as Chairman of the European Parliament 's Delegation on relations with the three Caucasian Republics .
From that standpoint , as all the speakers and Commissioner Van den Broek have rightly said , what they need is a steady , consistent and dynamic political approach on the part of the European Union .
That is a weakness which we are repeating today , and I think we ought to be very careful about it .
I , however , cannot help thinking about Albania .
Mr President , I have a series of two or three observations .
This poor organisation of the debate encourages me to make a second comment