It would certainly also be a good idea to encourage the productivity of small traditional businesses by giving them modern tools for researching , identifying and catching their resources , so as to promote greater catch selectivity in the marine environment and to make it possible for businesses like those to survive competition from industrial fishing fleets , particularly Japanese and US ones .     Mr President , we are very pleased about the holding of local elections in Saudi Arabia , but very much deplore the lack of participation by women .     . – Mr President , a majority in the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance is in favour of ratification of the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe , because it sees it as an important step on the road leading to the political integration of our continent .
In that respect too , unlike the rapporteurs , we believe that the Union’s institutional system is still too confused and complicated and will not last much longer without further reform .
The Committee on Civil Liberties , Justice and Home Affairs found it a pleasure , a great pleasure , to approve the revised contents of the Constitutional Treaty , because several issues relating to the area of freedom , security and justice will at last be addressed in a new way in keeping with people’s demands : clearly , when one talks of freedom one is talking of the most important thing in life for each one of us .
If today , in this Chamber , we divide over something that no longer depends on our decision , but on ratification by the individual Member States and individual peoples of the Union , it will mean disavowing our Parliament’s ability to plan the future and relegating it to the role of a talking shop in which plenty of fine speeches are made but little is decided .
That stands in stark contrast to the increase in our prerogatives which , after a great struggle , we have finally achieved precisely through the drafting of the new Treaty .
Europe is in danger of going the way of the titles of a famous trilogy by the great European intellectual Italo Calvino : from to to .
The Constitutional Treaty does not provide for rights , apart from those of the market ; it does not propose reforms ; it has no future ; but instead it keeps Europe stuck in its present crisis .
On the basis of the principle of subsidiarity itself , Europe must instead solve the major problems of its citizens which other institutions are unable to address .
The world of globalisation needs this Europe , the Europe of solidarity , subsidiarity and human rights – the political Europe of the people whom this Parliament truly represents .     – Mr President , I speak on behalf of the new Italian Socialist Party .
Citizens and members of parliaments all across the continent are being called on to adopt a single fundamental Charter which sanctions and strengthens the values upon which this Union is founded : peace , prosperity , democracy , justice , freedom and solidarity .
The Italian Parliament will ratify the Treaty in the coming weeks ; it will be a positive vote , a vote of encouragement for other countries where the value of Europe is not felt as deeply as it is in Italy .
The procedures which make him , as a member of the Commission , accountable to Parliament are a prerequisite for the existence of a foreign policy .
In my opinion , this is a fundamental sign of the transparency , solidarity and democracy of rights : the rights of the individual , of children , the elderly and disabled people .
Today the new concept of sovereignty lies in subsidiarity : it is the sovereignty of local identities , the sovereignty of citizens , the sovereignty of those who must help construct a legal system to interpret in the best possible way the ever more varied and complex needs of an evolving society .
That , in my view , demonstrates a new awareness of the fact that only Europe can provide the added value for a strategy on legal immigration .
We intend to establish a European framework with which anyone outside Europe can familiarise themselves beforehand : that will also help , in our opinion , to prevent illegal immigration .     Mr President , Commissioner , we feel that it is certainly commendable that immigrants are at last no longer considered a problem , but a resource – as the Green Paper expressly states – and that we are aiming for a permanent multicultural and multireligious dialogue .
This means workers being accepted into civil society and integrated into education , with real inclusion in society .
With regard to one point I will , of course , confirm a commitment which you can already guess : the Commission will not confine itself to listening to advice , but will take into account the assessments and proposals that it gathers .
There are instruments , including within the national states , which allow a judge who has carried out an illegal activity to be prosecuted , but that clearly cannot happen at the request of the Commission .     .
The question of illegal immigration is one which the Commission considers to be a priority .
While we are preparing political actions and common European solutions , as you pointed out , we must also address the daily tragedy of desperate people .
The question is , therefore : what is the Commission going to do in political terms to put the policy into practice ?     .
The Bureau and the legal departments should better consider the matter of Question Time and give proper thought