; it does not talk about the social fabric in coastal areas , which are also European ; it does not talk about sustainable development ; it does not include aquiculture , and does not talk about consumers , who also have rights , and furthermore , we all agree with doctors when they tell us that , to improve our diet , we need to eat more fish .
The Commission has tried to give this biased , partisan proposal an ecological gloss .
Mr President , Mr Fischler , you have given in to the anti-European nationalism of certain Member States that just want to monopolise fishing for themselves .
We need to divide up all available resources scientifically and update the level of dependency of the European regions , which is another thing you have failed to do .
With regard to foreign policy , Mr Fischler , you have broken your promise to Parliament that your reform would give equal treatment to shipbuilders and the northern agreements and shipowners and the southern agreements .
A French shipowner told me less than ten minutes ago that the Commission hears but does not listen .
His proposal goes beyond fishing .
This would allow the dwindling fish stocks to recover .
Commissioner , you globalised fishing in the south of Europe , and ensured that the place occupied by a small-scale fleet , under an agreement between Morocco and the European Union , which respected biological rest periods and maintained very close control of nets and meshes , should now be taken in these fishing grounds by a fleet which does not respect rest periods , and whose nets are not controlled at all .
Do you realise that when you prohibit modernisation you also prohibit the sustainability of fishing , a form of fishing that is more respectful of the environment , of those fishing grounds that fishermen have most interest in respecting ?
A cost , by the way , which your colleague responsible for the budget wants nothing to do with .
The Commissioner mentioned differences within the Commission , which he described as normal ; what is not normal is that there should be such a pronounced geographical division between the three institutions .
The distribution of automobiles has always had special treatment , a sectoral treatment , and , if pushed , I would say that this system may have made sense before , when there were different regulations for the different distribution systems , but perhaps it makes less sense now .
The essential point of the proposal is the disappearance of the location clause for the dealer , and that measure is a step in the right direction .
Nothing could be more laudable for the Group of the European Peoples ' Party than the defence of freedom and consumers .
Therefore , Commissioner , since there have been no clear replies , I believe that the rapporteur 's proposal is a prudent one , there are times for valour and there are times for prudence and , in this case , it is clearly necessary to wait and see how the new elements to promote competition introduced by the proposal work before going ahead with the removal of the location clause .
Finally , the economic session discussed the international financial architecture , bi-regional trade , international cooperation for sustainable development and development funding , measures to stimulate economic growth and development and , finally , regional integration processes .
On the one hand , the entry into force of the Agreement with Mexico , which has had a very positive impact on commercial movements between the European Union and Mexico .
In view of the experience with Mercosur , it is essential that we strengthen both integration processes in order to promote the agreements we all aspire to .
Both institutions will thereby be incorporated into the process of strengthening the strategic partnership with all their experience and resources , which is a considerable innovation .
I believe that this is a milestone which deserves to be highlighted since it will decisively promote educational cooperation between Europe and Latin America and will allow for the highest-level education for Latin American postgraduate students , with all that this implies in terms of aiding the development of these countries and overcoming the almost unilateral relationship between these societies and the United States of America .
To that end the commitments made in the Madrid Declaration must be suitably followed up so that the Mexico Summit may represent a significant new step in this process of alliance between the European Union , Latin America and the Caribbean , a process which has always been promoted by this Parliament .
The Madrid Summit has not been able to respond definitively to this wish of Parliament 's , but there has been substantial progress in the sense that conclusions include a prospect for association in terms of relations with the countries of the Andean Community and the Central American Community , since they cannot be discriminated against in comparison with other geographical areas , and therefore when the system of generalised preferences expires in 2004 they can aspire to this future association .
Secondly , Mr President , we believe that the European Union needs to develop a common strategy for the region which , in full accordance with the bilateral or regional agreements in force or under negotiation , can offer a complete geographical perspective to relations with that region .
Summits are only worth so much .
I should first like to list briefly some areas where success seems to have been achieved .
There is a whole raft of very worrying issues , for instance the fact that all the critical points in Latin America seem to fall within what could loosely be described as the dark shadow cast by the United States in the aftermath of 11 September .
