, the visit was a real eye-opener .
It was a progressive movement , and not only because it called for the democratisation of Polish society .
The fact is that , on a number of occasions , spontaneous organisation on the part of workers , together with demands for independent trade unions , have been decisive in opposing the dictatorships in those countries dominated by the Soviet Union following the war .
Today , Poland is a political democracy among other political democracies .
At the same time , a lot remains to be done , considering the social demands made by Solidarity in terms of worker influence and a better standard of living .
We remember the days and months when the Polish people could take no more and when Polish workers went on strike in Gdansk .
We often forget , however , that the strike and the solidarity in Gdansk were preceded by years of Polish revolt against Communism .
I myself was living at that time in Communist Yugoslavia and clearly remember the pictures from Gdansk .
I could not understand how anyone could actually believe it was possible to topple Communism .
They had also learned that democracy must always come about from within and that victory necessarily falls to a unified people fighting for its freedom .
The future of Europe lies in freedom , and that is something we all defend , and today most especially by expressing our respect for , and gratitude towards , the people of Poland and Eastern Europe who fought for a free Europe during the 1980s and 90s .     Mr President , the Capital Requirements Directive updates a recurrent conflict of aims in EU cooperation , a conflict of aims that we all have reason , as a matter of principle , to analyse and debate before we adopt a position .
On the other hand , there are strong reasons for not forcing the Member States to adopt common rules that then become part of our and thus prevent individual countries from taking the lead and developing systems of rules .
Where Basel II is concerned , we are , however , talking about an extremely global market involving an extremely well-informed group of actors who can take action at a moment’s notice .
We are not designed for that purpose .
To my Swedish fellow Member who spoke previously , I should like to say that , if we did not have European cooperation , we should not have the opportunity to exercise democratic and parliamentary control over the regulations designed here .
It is also important , however , that it means identical ground rules in another sense , whereby we shall see new , developing financial institutions in the dynamic financial markets .
I am grateful that we have been able to obtain transitional rules that give the national authorities the opportunity to affirm this development but , once the directive is properly in place and its rules applicable , it will be one of Parliament’s and the Commission ’s tasks to ensure that there is an openness to change that positively accepts the variability of the financial markets .
If , however , the TV pictures from Comoros were to reach our living rooms , Parliament would never approve this agreement .
This Parliament has demanded change on many occasions .
I believe that the partner country ’s small-scale fishing communities must be given the right of veto over the agreements .
My group will vote against this agreement , which favours EU fishermen at the expense of poorer colleagues in the South .     Mr President , the EU’s fisheries agreements with third countries have been exposed to extensive criticism by more than one organisation working on development issues , including Sweden’s Committee for International Development Cooperation ( Sida ) .
It is , in other words , the EU’s narrow interests that are to be protected , rather than what might be thought of as the interests of the indigent Comoran fishermen .
Why should European taxpayers pay for fisheries agreements that favour the fleets of just a few EU countries ?
There is , however , limited will seriously to reform the EU’s counterproductive agricultural , trade and fisheries policy .
My own country , Sweden , does not apply general rules or the concepts of ‘safe countries of origin’ and ‘safe third countries’ .
I naturally also view with unease the fact that , in both international contexts and the EU , children’s and young people’s age of majority is tampered with .
The proposal will in any case have consequences for budget headings 3 and 2 of the new financial perspective for 2007-2013 .
This prevents structures from being rationalised but not the depletion of stocks .
Experience in Sweden shows that telecommunication data has been important in many serious crime investigations .
We therefore chose to abstain in today’s vote in anticipation of a new position being adopted .     We believe that the initiative by , for example , the Swedish Government on the retention of data processed and stored in connection with the provision of services such as telephone communications , text messaging , e-mail and the Internet etc for the purpose of combating terrorism and other cross-border crimes goes much too far in relation to the expected benefits .
In spite of its criticism , the report states , however , that harmonisation in this area is necessary but that legislation must take place not , as is currently the case , on the basis of intergovernmental cooperation but on the initiative of the Commission and through codecision on the part of Parliament .
We cannot therefore support the Council’s proposal , be it with or without the changes proposed by the report , and we have thus abstained from voting since the directive is part and parcel of devising a common policy for this area