This will hasten the demise of small and medium-sized holdings .
The references to agriculture contributing to the protection of the environment are hypocritical , since the eradication of thousands of small and medium-sized holdings is adding to the devastation of the regions , while the use of crops for biofuels will contribute to the increase in food prices .
The offices of the European Parliament have so far given us some interesting presentations on the subject .
The report seems to me to examine the situation of women prisoners quite thoroughly , since every possible case is covered .
Detention conditions for women should be included in the European Commission 's annual report on human rights in the EU.
I believe that maintaining family ties is a common denominator , and everyone has stressed how important it is .
With regard to social exclusion , let me give particular thanks to Commissioner Špidla , who through you , Commissioner Michel , stressed the importance of support measures as early as the detention stage : measures for vocational training , for integration into the market and for cooperation with the private sector .
I hope , as the Commissioner has said , that the new Lisbon Treaty will give us the opportunity to take more action .
( Parliament agreed to accept the oral amendment ) 8.
Therefore , while cynically recognising the catastrophic consequences of the war and the slaughter of the Iraqi people , the report hastily states that events have been wrapped up .
The report , despite its accurate findings on the tragic state of women in developing countries , conceals what is to blame : capitalist production methods and the brutal imperialist interventions by the EU , the United States and other imperialist states and organisations .
In this context , the proposals for fairer and more democratic societies , access for girls and women to education and health services , the eradication of poverty , disease , etc. , are hot air .
Mr President , President of the Commission , President-in-Office of the Council , it is understandable , up to a point , that you should come here and try to whitewash the results of the summit .
Instead of saying ' we have created jobs' , you should say that those jobs are badly paid , with flexible employment terms , and that 20 million workers in the European Union are poor .
You should talk about your interim review of your own Lisbon targets , Mr Barroso : from the three pillars of the Lisbon Strategy ( competitiveness , the environment , cohesion ) , you have eliminated social , regional and territorial cohesion and you have downgraded environmental issues .
To conclude , I would like to emphasise that at a time when even the most fanatical neo-liberals in the world are discovering the meaning of public intervention , at a time of falling stock markets and the credit crunch , the Council and the Commission are even now allowing a dogmatically unilateral , uncontrolled Central Bank to concern itself only with inflation , forgetting the risk posed to the European economy by a depression or zero growth .
Today , one third of all cancers are preventable .
Strengthening prevention and early diagnosis could cover nearly 70 % of cases .
Naturally , bureaucratic formalities should not hinder research .
With steady focus on this goal , we are thus called upon today to move forward .
You are a cancer expert , since you were the director of an oncological centre before you came here as a Commissioner , so you must be used to what you are hearing now .
Yet how many of the 27 Member States have such programmes ?
The Slovenian Presidency is to be congratulated , but just as important is the creation of a task force wholly dedicated to the issue of cancer .
The latter has made a vital contribution to major improvements in air and water quality , as well as to the protection and maintenance of Europe 's natural resources .
Over this period we have wholly fulfilled our political commitments .
The package of proposals on climate and energy produced by the Commission in January was ambitious and demonstrated the EU 's continuing commitment to setting a global example .
One of the main messages of the mid-term review - that the long-term viability of the European economy needs to be based on sound environmental principles - was largely accepted by industry .
In fact , we are only half-way through the time period covered by the Sixth Community Environment Action Programme , so there is obviously plenty more to be done in tackling the current and emerging threats to our environment .
In the coming months the Commission will produce new proposals , many of which are included in Parliament 's report .
After the summer , communications will be ready concerning the European view on the issue of halting deforestation and on finding ways of recording companies ' results using criteria that go further than GDP.
Effective implementation is connected with better legislation .
I assure you that the Commission will examine these conclusions with great care when analysing areas where it can see policy gaps and when setting out priorities for the coming years .
Mr President , the German Government 's initiative and the report we are debating are not innocently technical , as they are being made out to be .
The security forces act on the slightest suspicion that someone might at some point in the future commit offences or endanger public order and security .
To tackle organised crime ?
For this reason , we , the MEPs of the Communist Party of Greece , are voting against the report .
Permit me to talk about each of these in turn .
To establish a standard of donor safety