report on the Intergovernmental Conference is the European Parliament ' s contribution to that conference .
Enlargement means more States ' representatives in Parliament .
Should a system with a single European constituency be introduced , the number of Members should not be increased .
An alternative would be for the weighting of votes in the Council to be calculated on the basis of the root of the population in the individual countries .
In that way , the legitimacy of the Commission would also be strengthened .
Closer cooperation between at least a third of the Member States cannot apply in the case of defence cooperation .
It is therefore important that the Treaty should reflect the difference between civilian and military cooperation .
, in writing .
Instead , we need both an overview of the institutions ' working methods and a clearer distribution of labour between the Member States and the EU.
On this basis , we think it is important for the present Intergovernmental Conference to establish the size of the Commission at one Commissioner per Member State .
The Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party supports the Commission ' s proposal but would emphasise that small countries should not be placed at a disadvantage .
Parliament ought to have 700 seats , distributed among the population on the basis of a degressive proportional scale .
An EU of approximately 25-30 Member States will lead to more countries wanting to exploit the opportunity that exists for a number of them to go further than others in certain areas of policy ( so-called closer cooperation ) .
Flexibility of this kind ought to be seen , rather , as a temporary alternative for countries which are not yet ready , or sufficiently well prepared , to enter into deeper cooperation .
We welcome the EU' s increased opportunities to pursue a credible foreign and security policy so that the EU can assume increased responsibility when it comes to solving conflicts in the vicinity of the EU.
- ( SV ) As representatives of the Swedish Christian Democrats , who view enlargement towards the East as being clearly the most important issue for the EU , I wish to make the following remarks before the Heads of Government and State discuss the European Union ' s powers and forms of decision making at the forthcoming Intergovernmental Conference .
This is required if it is to be possible to mirror the political breadth and diversity in each Member State .
5 ) No EU financing of parties which operate at European level should be introduced , nor should any democratically dangerous and arbitrary suspension procedure ( paragraph 6 ) .
8 ) Social protection should not be regarded as an issue of Community interest ( paragraph 42 ) .
11 ) To make it easier for citizens of the Member States to know which institutions are responsible for what , the principle of subsidiarity ( to which there are unfortunately no references at all in this report ) should be integrated into the Treaty in such a way that the EU' s powers are concentrated upon clearly defined , cross-border core issues .
The trend within Parliament towards less understanding of smaller countries ' needs will increase the antagonism between Parliament and the Council of Ministers .
However , I would express my satisfaction at the fact that so much attention has been devoted to the way in which the EC Court of Justice operates .
When the Council in this way reaches a decision about a negotiation mandate , Parliament ' s consent ought to be requested .
Otherwise , there will be a loss of democratic and parliamentary control over the trade negotiations .
In her report to the UN' s session on human rights in Geneva , Mrs Robinson reported on individual testimonies concerning very serious crimes which had been committed in Chechnya .
Abuses of these cannot - must not - be seen as internal matters .
For a liberal , considerations of trade and short-term benefits cannot come before the defence of human rights .
We also hope that the EU can eventually contribute to a reconstruction programme in the region .
We hope that we shall one day be able to welcome Turkey into the Community .
It is therefore all the more distressing to study all the reports about atrocities which arrive on an almost daily basis .
Following a period of freedom , he has again been imprisoned and is being denied the proper medical care he needs following the severe injuries he suffered in the attempt on his life in 1998 .
Everyone , both existing and future members , must respect these criteria .
These were his words to us then : " For five months we have had a new Turkey .
Akin Birdal was free at just that particular time because of what was termed 'ill health ' .
However , he would shortly be forced to return to prison if he were too healthy .
Because of this crime , and in accordance with Article 312 of the law in force , he was sentenced to one year ' s imprisonment and ordered to pay fines .
He also commented on how important it was to abolish 152 laws and articles which limit freedom of expression and cause so many people to be put in prison .
As has been mentioned , the world ' s governments agreed in 1990 that steps should be taken to ensure that everyone received a basic education by no later than the year 2000 .
We cannot accept a situation in which the deadline by which everyone is to receive a basic education is moved forward once again .
This is also our message to the Commission .
Import duties and production subsidies are incompatible with our liberal values .
