realised that what happened when the Ecofin Council adopted its well-known position as regards the problems faced by France and Germany is that our Europe has different opinions and was divided on such a significant issue .
In this regard , we must get started on the Lisbon strategy , on which we are seriously behind schedule .
The recovery of the economy which began in 2002 showed itself to be short-lived and it certainly did not trigger a sufficiently powerful trend towards economic growth .
Economic growth in a given area depends largely on the investments that have been planned and made and on the priorities that have been set .
The Council and the Commission share these concerns and rightly insist on the importance of confirming a strategy for a knowledge-based economy .
The Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism , on behalf of which I am giving this speech , looks to the Council to know what importance it should attribute to the afore-mentioned communication .
This list must not be seen as pre-established , but as one that must be redefined  – again , within the framework of the codecision procedure  – in line with the afore-mentioned guidelines .
Achieving the participation that we are hoping for will not be easy , but learning to participate and learning to provide information is the best approach to developing the awareness of active citizenship that not all adults are putting into practice .
A short while ago , however , when I was listening to my fellow Members speaking about the reports on the budget and other subjects  –  I do apologise – but I nodded off .
As a result , I am sure that the European Parliament has not just thought about young people but also about elderly people and has prepared several different reports and communications for them .
The answer that I came up with will surprise you .
Commissioner Patten too has spoken about this , but I do not believe that the fight against corruption to reduce poverty and drug trafficking , or even the analysis of the elections can be enough to establish these measures as a strategy for the zone .
The interests and values that are all necessary for cooperation must be clarified in both form and substance .
Furthermore , we must consider the fact that the opening , in two years , of the Baku-Tbilisi-Ceyhan pipeline will be of enormous strategic importance .
Thanks to oil resources , Azerbaijan will be rich and Georgia will have transit rights whilst Armenia will have nothing .
I therefore urge you to make your services carry out a study that puts together attendance , the number of reports and what has been done in Parliament : it will become clear that women are doing much more work than their percentage of representation would suggest .
Not granting extradition would mean giving a negative signal to these people .
These are objectives that should , if achieved , improve living conditions in developing countries .
Furthermore , I hope , as was strongly suggested by our group , that paragraphs 6 , 10 , 11 , 17 , 23 and 26 might be rewritten so that they are more balanced .
Today , ten million women have taken to the streets in Mogadishu to fight against female genital mutilation .
First and foremost , however , this directive has the merit of strengthening and simplifying the very complex legislation that had tried to regulate this delicate area since 1968 .
I would need more time , too much time , to mention the many things that will change even in the daily life of citizens .
As regards the rights of family , there are some very interesting changes in this area .
This is the real point , the central point of the directive .
What , for example , is self-cultivation , that is to say , the cultivation of plants ?
If this were the case , if this were also your intention , then you would , for example , be able to adopt Amendment No 101 – which we tabled with some other Members  – which explicitly limits the scope to intentional infringements for commercial gain .
It is not with policing measures and private policing that the desired objective is achieved .
This was a long task that lasted many months .
This states that prohibitory measures can be taken against intermediaries whose services are used by third parties only to infringe industrial property rights and not , as provided for in Articles 10 and 15 , intellectual property rights .
Such a discrepancy between the text of the regulation and that of the Recital is not without importance , because it signifies an intention to support an interpretation whereby the term intellectual property contained in the text of the articles actually refers only to cases of intellectual property .
In fact , creativity , which is one of the main factors of competitiveness in our economic system , is being prevented by counterfeiters because they are affecting the industrial and intellectual property rights .
The compromise rightly provides for the most important provisions of the directive to apply only to commercial practices .
The report which we are talking about was , therefore , a prerequisite for , and a consequence of , this interinstitutional agreement , which , had it been followed  – please confirm this to me , Mr President , ladies and gentlemen – by the European Constitution , we would , I believe , have had a parliamentary term characterised by this strong connection and this desire to take into account the three institutions ( Commission , Council and Parliament ) around which Europe really revolves : the European Community .
In fact , since 1995 the EU-Israel partnership has developed within the framework of an association agreement that provides , amongst other things , for preferential treatment of Israeli products on the European market