readmission .
The Commission 's umpteenth listing of figures today is pointless .
Last year I visited the Kurdish refugee camps in southern Italy , and almost all of those to whom I spoke - Kurds from Sri Lanka and from Pakistan - told me how many millions of lire they had paid to middle-men to be brought to Italy , from where they would set off for Germany or the Netherlands .
They should do so before next summer - which will soon be here - because that is when there is an increased risk of deaths in the Straits of Gibraltar , and an increased likelihood of the inhuman conditions that we have seen in the Sicilian Channel .
Our mission , and the possibility of future humanitarian cooperation , would likewise be jeopardised .
In some ways , these thousands of European citizens seem to have been left to their own devices .
These are now being tabled again and will form the basis of discussion at conciliation .
It is likely that , at conciliation , the usual clash will occur with the Council on this matter .
By the same token , in the draft regulation on orphan medicinal products , the Commission also proposes to involve general practitioners .
Let me dwell just for a moment on funding .
For the sake of these most unfortunate citizens , the Member States should welcome Parliament 's proposals , which I very much hope the Commission will support .
We often forget that the five-year period 1999-2003 will be a particularly important and difficult one for consumers , who find themselves facing challenges such as the advent of the single currency , continued growth of the information society , accession of the applicant states to the EU , and information on food safety and quality .
These consumers move around more , wish to broaden their horizons and want to make better use of their time .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , operators in the commercial , industrial and craft sectors will soon receive recognition , from the Member State in which they intend to establish themselves , of qualifications obtained in their Member State of origin .
Legal action may be taken if the application is rejected .
Referral of a case to a judge-rapporteur , as a single judge , would moreover be optional and confined to situations determined in the Rules of Procedure , with the decision taken in every case by the chamber comprising three judges .
Quite obviously , in the current era of globalization , our backwardness gives cause for concern to say the least .
I am voting in favour of the joint resolution on Kosovo tabled by the various political groups in Parliament , but I think it ought to be associated with a firm call to the UN and NATO to take action , after the irresponsible 'no ' to the American negotiator .
Yet again we have proof that the Serbian leader only understands the logic of force .
New evidence has come to light which I gather may change the guilty verdict .
But it is still worth emphasizing that there are two sides to the case of Rocco Derek Barnabei : one is the European Union 's overall , clear , precise and agreed condemnation of this barbaric punishment over many years , and the other is the rights and wrongs of the individual case , it being understood that we refuse to accept the legitimacy of the death penalty .
Other Kurdish Members of Parliament are facing the same treatment and other people are in prison just for saying what they think .
How are we to judge that ?
These debtor countries are to be criticised first of all because their failure to pay reduces the UN 's total resources and hence its ability to intervene in crisis sectors , thus limiting peace-keeping possibilities ; and they are even more to be criticised because their example - and what an example , when we are actually talking about the leading world power ! - might have a domino effect bringing all UN activity to a halt and might make countries which have accepted the terms of UN resolutions in full , and have participated , like Italy , in peace missions , much more cautious , not to say reticent .
The situation is serious even though , as you have rightly said , Commissioner , producers in the sector have been making good incomes in recent years and the swine fever crisis which led to the adoption of rationalisation measures has been pretty well overcome .
Finally , this crisis must not be used as an opportunity to water down environmental measures and abandon supply policies which are more indispensable than ever , in my view .
Further proposals would be to carry out a careful investigation of the fundamental causes of the Russian and Japanese crises so as to prevent further ill-effects , and , finally , to ensure that the major agri-foodstuffs companies share the responsibility .
The second point I want to make is that we should only intervene with contingency measures , and we should try not to use this crisis to move towards regulation of the sector , which up to now has managed fairly well without subsidies .
Then I see that there is a new site dedicated to quality products on the DG VI homepage on the Internet , and I know that promotional measures are also being studied .
In the WTO they talk about meat with hormones and genetically modified foods as if they were televisions : I do not think that is acceptable .
The second point is about defending our typical products in the World Trade Organisation .
However , experts are not yet in unanimous agreement as to a direct link between exposure to such substances and these phenomena .
