the impression that this is a fair , open and transparent trial .
I hope that this school of thought can gradually gain the upper hand .
Malaysia
What we need is a system whereby offenders are extradited and made to face the consequences of their actions .
How simple , I wonder !
But the European Parliament must focus on the following point : all these matters have a bearing on the Community too and affect every one of us .
Had that been the case , today 's debate would not have exuded this faint odour of electioneering .
And it certainly must not encourage those Member States which regard even this as far too heavily binding .
The slight disappointment is that , in the host countries , migrants will not always be free to choose between an aptitude test and an adaptation period as a means of proving their knowledge and occupational skills .
As has already been emphasised , the crux of the matter is freedom of movement in the Community .
I think it is very important that we have decided to cut down on the number of people required to provide information , as well as reducing the amount of information to be given , although we do , of course , want to have an acceptable level of information .
I was mayor of Aachen 's smaller neighbour for just a few years , and we did our best to get our hands on your trade tax by stealing your biggest factories .
This is an extremely sensitive area .
This is an appeal to the sense of responsibility of those able to take advantage of this freedom , but it is also a challenge to the national authorities to find intelligent ways of stopping these freedoms from being abused , which is harmful to the public interest and creates particular problems for the tax system and the collection of taxes .
Mr Schmid , for whom I am deputising , has not stayed away deliberately .
We know the outcome .
There is another European element in the European Union 's exhibition on the theme of ' Humankind - Nature - Technology ' : the euro .
Madam President , I should like to thank Mr Hoppenstedt most sincerely for his excellent report , which I have followed with great interest - not so much the exhibition in Hanover as the problems that it has generated .
I was wrong at the time to insist that we should stop pandering to tourists .
I would like attention to be focused in particular on the 'Edu-tainment Centre ' , placing the 'learning adventure ' - lifelong learning - at the centre of our efforts .
Applause
We have three new Member States , and I hope that the Amsterdam Treaty and the excellent spirit that you have generated with your sense of humour will enable us to make considerable progress towards a democratic Europe .
You are a great statesman and a great European , and although we could not elect you as well , we still have great respect for you .
I would also ask that note be taken , on the monitors and the other technical installations , of the fact that our group is now the largest group in the Parliament , something of which many people are already aware .
Kosovo must now be reconstructed ; that is one of the European Union 's main tasks .
For this reason , authority in foreign , security and defence policy must accrue even more to the European Parliament , so that there is no sphere within the European Union escaping the influence of parliament and democracy .
The Chancellor 's order to drop the Directive on end-of-life cars from the Council of Ministers sitting is something unknown and unheard of hitherto in the European Union , and the order given by the Chancellor that the German Minister of Trade and Commerce should not attend the Council of Ministers sitting in Finland is also without precedent in the recent history of the European Union .
We know that a European Employment Pact cannot replace national endeavours to create employment , but it can and must co-ordinate , focus and stimulate these endeavours .
Lastly , a few words on the new Commission .
I would like to concentrate my remarks on three areas - employment , enlargement and citizenship .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , esteemed Foreign Minister , it would be politically short-sighted if a representative of the Greens were to praise the German Presidency with no ifs or buts .
It remains for me to address a final word to Mr Poettering , without wishing to make reference to decisions on domestic policy , for I feel that as this is a European Parliament , there are other matters besides Germany that we should be discussing But I can assure you of one thing , Mr Poettering , which is that the Green Party did learn from Bosnia , and has now learnt from Kosovo , and we would have taken account of this responsibility today , even had we been at a different Assembly .
It became clear that in many Member States , people felt they had been duped by this lord of the manor approach to European policy .
Applause
This Council Presidency 's track record is problematic due , in particular , to the fact that like few before it , it failed to act in a way which was beneficial to the Community .
It is about employing all the instruments of security policy to take whatever preventative measures can be taken , and I have said repeatedly that many opportunities for taking preventative action have been missed in past years , and no group , nor any Presidency can claim here that they did everything possible to prevent this war