eight months , although to this day it has not been established beyond doubt that they really committed the act of which they were accused .
He has been committed to preserving Tibetan culture , language and religion for decades .
Madam President , as others have already said , these death sentences have absolutely nothing to do with the war on terrorism .
Madam President , we suggest that because of the way the debate developed , the title here should be changed .
Whilst being friendly towards America , we very definitely oppose the death penalty .
In its opinion on the Napolitano report , ' The role of regional and local authorities in European integration' , the Committee on Women 's Rights and Equal Opportunities devoted special attention to gender mainstreaming .
This alone explains why so much emotion is called forth by the idea of the regions having an independent right of appeal to the ECJ when their own legislative rights are directly affected .
There is something else of great importance that I would like to mention .
That is why I wish , again , to commend to you the compromise motion No 24 , which would enable the regions to appeal under the Member States ' supervision , as it were .
They have to do with the different ways in which Schengen is interpreted , with differences in technical standards , and with the various agencies engaged in border control , with differences in training and , in general terms , with the lack of any Community , or even joint , action in matters concerning border control .
We are already engaged in drawing up a common core curriculum for border guards .
The first was whether the Commission regarded a common framework for border control as necessary ; and the second was whether the Commission believed that the candidate countries would be in a position to secure their borders with countries outside the EU to the same high standard of protection as the existing Member States already did .
I have high hopes of them .
By 2010 we want to bring the different modes of transport back into balance , which in practice means that we want to carry more freight by rail instead of by road and more passengers by rail instead of by air or road .
The Commission wanted to postpone the introduction of the special rail network for freight services in Europe , the so-called Trans-European Rail Freight Network , which the first railway package already states will come into being on 15 March 2003 .
Finally , Commissioner , I hope that you agree with us that we should encourage the Greek Presidency actually to adopt the common positions in March so that we can move the procedure forward and perhaps conclude this chapter , on opening up the railways in the European Community , by the end of the year .
All of our other neighbouring countries have continued to let road strengthen its lead over rail .
Obviously for us Social Democrats - let me be quite open about it - this is a tricky business .
The only way of putting freight transport back on track at all is to ensure , firstly , that cross-border journeys can operate more smoothly in the future and , secondly , that the market is opened up and competition introduced , so that those who wish to offer attractive freight transport services have the opportunity to do so , and - so far at least -it has usually not been the national rail companies that have done this .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the situation in which Parliament found itself when it was asked to draft this report was not a propitious one , because the Commission had drafted its proposal for this regulation without waiting for either the result of conciliation on the Working Time Directive or the Council decision on the digital tachograph .
Six - this is a very important point and I hope that it will be retained - all courier and express delivery services , which have contributed to a sharp increase in accidents in the transport sector , are included in the regulation .
Opinions differed on the priorities to be addressed , and colleagues in the Group of the European People 's Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats will be taking the floor on this matter again today .
The concept of safety should not mean that the regulation imposes restrictions on the people who are actually responsible for safety .
This is not at odds with the legislation in the various countries and only one thing is required , namely that the vehicle should be taken out of service until the failure is corrected .
I think it is sensible , if at all possible , for drivers to spend their weekly rest periods at home , where they live , with their families .
On top of that there is loading and unloading .
Imagine what this means in real life : tractors - and some are really very small - with tachographs , or the driver of a milk lorry , who goes from farm to farm and can no longer have his little chat ( rest period ) with farmer X because he has to respect a very particular sequence of driving times and rest periods , as if he were travelling from Rotterdam to Munich .
I should therefore like to inform the administration that both amendments need to be reformulated .
Look , whenever Mr Cohn-Bendit butts in , we lose time for debate .
We want the Convention to complete its work by the end of June and to be followed by a brief Intergovernmental Conference , so that the Italian Presidency will find us gaining a constitution for Europe .
