to partner countries ( which , so far only covered the industrialised and other high-income countries and territories ) , including their qualitative assessment , must also begin to include the developing countries listed .
The Commission 's legislative proposal for a mid-term review of the EIDHR provides a suitable opportunity for reviewing the legal basis of this instrument , ensuring that henceforth it complies with the new requirements set out in the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union ( TFEU) .
In terms of development , the EU 's objectives should be the fight against poverty and its causes .
I voted in favour of the European Parliament resolution as I believe that it is in the interests of the Union to further deepen its relations with developing countries , in particular in areas such as economic , commercial , academic , business and scientific exchanges .
Given that the main general goal of Regulation (EC ) No 1905/2006 is to eradicate poverty by achieving the Millennium Development Goals , cooperation is essentially limited to financing measures that have been designed to satisfy the applicable public development assistance ( PDA ) criteria .
The geographical expansion proposed here is an opportunity to take the programmes to new countries and is also a major challenge , meaning that it is important to make it very clear to whom this financing can be given , for what and under what conditions .
However , I believe that the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council , by drastically reducing the margin of heading 4 of the multiannual financial framework for 2007-2013 , does not leave sufficient room for manoeuvre to face and to react appropriately to a potential upcoming crisis .
In this way , the whole chain may benefit from decent , acceptable living conditions and easier access to the markets .
This liberalisation will mainly benefit the US multinationals that dominate the world market in the sector .
As the EU is the world 's largest donor of external aid , and as it is responsible for more than half of the public aid provided for development , it needs instruments that allow it to handle crisis situations , considering the EU 's horizontal and geographic objectives and priorities , while simultaneously making these actions complementary to the Union 's geographic policies and its objectives and instruments .
This has been one of the standards to which European consumers have become accustomed and to which European producers have adapted .
A break with the current World Trade Organisation guidelines is urgently needed to enable countries to prioritise the development of their own production and markets , by monitoring imported goods , imposing the same minimum quality and technical criteria demanded of companies within the EU , combating dumping , effectively regulating the capital markets , penalising the relocation of companies , taxing financial transactions , and putting a stop to tax have ns .
This regulation , therefore , is an important step for EU consumers to finally have the same rights that millions of consumers all over the world have .
The potential of the single market cannot be fully exploited without the support of a modern standardisation system .
Therefore , my vote is globally in favour of the proposals in this report .
It has played a key role in responding to the growing need in European legislation and policy for standards that are capable of ensuring product safety , ease of access , innovation , interoperability , and environmental protection .
Nevertheless , I still have some reservations about how well all of society 's players will be represented in the standardisation process and about the process of financing the European standardisation system .
In view of the results of the European Neighbourhood Policy and the Eastern Partnership launched in May 2009 , which recognise the European aspirations of the Republic of Moldova and Moldova 's importance as a country with deep historical , cultural and economic ties to the Member States of the European Union , I am pleased with the progress made in the past year by the Republic of Moldova and I trust that the electoral process can further consolidate the democratic institutions and respect for the rule of law and for human rights in Moldova .
Nor is it mentioned that this same coalition , once in power , launched a worrying anticommunist and antidemocratic offensive in a clear move to discredit the Communist Party .
Moldova will soon be holding elections , which will be a good test for measuring the degree of consolidation of its democratic culture , as well as its institutions .
It is important for the EU to ensure that its coasts are protected .
I again appeal to the European Commission to expand the powers of the European Maritime Safety Agency in order to ensure that our coasts are protected .
Almost 40 % of the European Union 's gross domestic product and 40 % of its population are concentrated in coastal regions .
We disagree with this approach as well as several other aspects of the report , such as its insistence on the creation of a ' European Coastguard Service ' , following a federalist stance that does not respect the sovereignty and powers of Member States with regard to the management of their territorial waters and Exclusive Economic Zones .
In fact , 40 % of trade within Europe and 95 % of exports outside Europe is carried out by sea .
In the context of the coordinated planning of activities , I support the call on the Commission to draw up strategies for the sea-basins that are able to take account of the specific features of the regions and play to their strengths .
The Treaty of Lisbon defines the EU 's trade policy as an integral part of the Union 's general external action .
