it can cancel out the past , but in the future , we can return to foster trust with regard to the banking and financial sector insofar as macro-prudential oversight is entrusted to a body which has the responsibility of monitoring the entire European market , the entire euro area , and not its subdivisions , which are now no longer valid .
That is why I have voted in favour of the text , but I have abstained on the legislative resolution .
The second step consists of calibrating these authorities so that they are assigned functions and tasks which are not redundant , but concrete and achievable .
This report therefore attempts to remedy these shortcomings : the attempt to establish a true European authority with clear responsibilities is entirely commendable .
It is therefore the duty of politics to safeguard the requests of the various actors , whilst asking that nobody reneges on their own moral and social duties .
The ultimate aim of this report is to establish a mechanism to resolve future crises that will make it less likely that European taxpayers will find themselves having to deal with the repercussions of a breakdown in the financial system .
The fight against inflation was taken seriously in Frankfurt , and ever since the euro came into circulation , an increase in prices systematically higher than the set target has never been recorded .
Their effectiveness is guaranteed by the authority of the ECB , since the new ESRB will not be able to impose measures or sanctions on Member States or financial institutions and its recommendations will not be binding .
It was very important to secure the integration of the European Systemic Risk Board with the European supervisory authorities , as well as the assignment of greater mandates to the new authorities .
In the vote on the report by Mrs Gallo on the enforcement of intellectual property rights in the internal market , two mutually complementary rights have been reconciled .
Given its contents and the excellent work carried out by Mrs Gallo , I will vote in favour of this report .
In the age of digitalisation of our society , it is essential to find legislative and non-legislative measures that guarantee a lasting balance between free access to the Internet and combating counterfeiting and piracy .
We therefore voted in favour .
The aim of the Commission 's statement , inter alia , is to simplify the organisation of governance , which would otherwise risk wasting the effectiveness of European intervention measures .
Concrete actions and specific development strategies are needed to do this .
This requirement is routinely ignored , while Europe looks the other way .
Let us then begin to speak clearly about the death penalty with China , Egypt , India , Pakistan , Yemen , Bangladesh , and so on , forcing these countries to honour the undertakings they have assumed in terms of respect for human dignity .
Safeguarding our planet must be a priority , above all , to guarantee future generations a sustainable environment .
As far as Albania is concerned , I would like to point out that the Commission again proposed in May that Albania and Bosnia and Herzegovina should be able to allow their citizens to circulate within the Schengen area with electronic passports .
Although I find the efforts of the Basel Committee to update the general regulatory framework to be encouraging , I am extremely concerned about the shortcomings that emerged during the course of the negotiating process .
The European Commission has already given a sign of its confidence in the Fund by allocating new resources under the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund ( EGF ) budget line .
We are deluged with a vast number of sometimes pointless EU agencies , but the CEPOL is an important body for fighting crime and maintaining security and public order . 2007 statistics inform us that CEPOL was able to call on an annual financial budget of EUR 7.5 million .
The visa policy allows a certain amount of monitoring and selection of who is allowed to enter from third countries .
In conclusion , I must point out that the abolition of visas , which is the objective of this report , concerns a crucial aspect of people 's lives , in that it allows them to actually exercise their right to freedom of movement .
On this last issue , I should remind you that last March , Belgium repatriated several hundred Serbs and Macedonians of Albanian origin who had sought asylum in Europe after visa restrictions had been lifted for Serbia , Macedonia and Montenegro in December .
Not only did the UN not intervene , it even pretended not to be aware of what had happened for weeks .
Accordingly , I reaffirm my opposition to the death penalty , in every case and in all circumstances , in the hope that it will be abolished as soon as possible .
The World day against the death penalty , declared for 10 October , is a further demonstration of Europe 's guiding role in the battle for civilisation .
I therefore support the adoption of new safety principles , the application of strict and rigorous common standards and the establishment of solidarity funds to compensate victims for any damage caused .
In the light of the review of existing European legislation in this area , which turns out to be lacking in many respects , it is vital to take action to ensure maximum safety standards .
After what happened to the notorious platform in the Gulf of Mexico , which caused an environmental disaster following a rupture in an oil well pipe , the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Food Safety calls on the European Commission to pay attention to drilling in the sea , with particular reference to platforms in EU waters