Europe can come to Lampedusa and other places to see , for instance , the work carried out by Italian policemen , and coastguards , whom I have seen in their patrol boats sharing their ration of food and water and often giving it all to these poor wretches at sea , conveyed by foul traffickers to our borders .
We will exercise the greatest transparency in giving aid to the developing world .
The Italian Presidency has been idle and , at all events , has proved incapable of achieving tangible results .
I am going to comment on the economic context , also with reference to many of this morning ’s interventions .
The Brussels proposals are tangible and interesting .
It is impossible not to welcome with satisfaction the statement made by the Spanish Prime Minister , Mr Aznar , or to welcome with just as much satisfaction certain affirmations made by President Chirac ?
Africa , with its tragedies , will constitute the emergency of the coming decades .
Social-democratic Germany has embarked on this path , as has centre-right France .
These are not , therefore , choices made by one side or the other , but it is a question of political farsightedness .
Mr President , I wish to thank all the Members who made observations .
The hope is that it will be possible to find an influential President , who can represent our Union on the international stage with authority , and who also has the necessary time , maybe , to manage the rotating systems according to which the European Council operates , which of course cannot be done in too short a space of time .
The Presidency’s task was to listen , to expand upon each topic of discussion and it will subsequently be to condense this all into a global proposal , which is exactly what we are preparing to do .
Failing this , European citizens will be called to vote in June without any knowledge of the new institutions and the faith of these citizens in the European Union and its progressive integration would be lost or be greatly reduced .
In conclusion , I would like to remind you that , in effect , we have already obtained tangible results , and this gives us hope for the further deliberations of the Intergovernmental Conference .
We will not be able – just for the pride and satisfaction – to close the Intergovernmental Conference under the Italian Presidency .
Many interventions referred to the question of the Commission ’s composition .
You understand , then , that it would all take on a different significance : all we would need is the Constitution as decided here , approved by a European referendum , and it would assume infinitely greater significance , it would be something altogether different .
It may , indeed , be the case that we have had to make compromises , especially at a difficult time in terms of the economy : I do not rule that out , because we have to make compromises every day , but I want to assure Mrs  Frassoni that we are at the forefront of the world – very much so – with the substantial costs that this entails .
I would like to remind the President of Parliament here of the skill with which the Speaker of the Knesset , Avraham Burg , led the Israeli Knesset at difficult times and the very real enthusiasm he generated with his speeches , his discussions and also his critical remarks .
However , we want to ensure , precisely , that this is a body at the service of the European institutions to coordinate our action .
Lastly , many of you rightly raised the question , the fear of falling into the clutches of economic decline .
We have been experiencing this absurd situation for too long ; we must find a way out , and Parliament and the Commission are being called on by the European peoples to overcome this very situation .
My third point concerns the role of the Union on the world stage .
I would further remind you about the support given to the United Nations at a point when the role of that organisation was being called into question .
We , as Europeans , have reiterated the validity of a multilateral approach to crisis resolution , and , as a more ambitious objective , the implementation of effective multilateralism as a means of preventing , and , if necessary , opposing breaches of international law .
It is an ambitious text that will provide a framework for all the interest and commitment invested in our Common Foreign and Security Policy .
This derives from and is characterised by the coordinated use of both the resources of the Member States , which are made available in the common interest , and the Union 's own resources , which are managed by the European Commission .
On the same subject , I would like to point out that the benefit of establishing treaty relations with the European Union is , in fact , one of the main incentives for regional groupings .
Another area of interest for the enlarged Europe is its eastern borders .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , Mr Brok has drawn up proposals for future work .
We will be going into that in depth at the Intergovernmental Conference .
This is a very topical subject , now that , as the President-in-Office of the Council has said , with the return of 10 countries into the European fold the Union is being enlarged in a way that was inconceivable and unhoped for just a few years ago .
At that time , terrorist attacks were uppermost in our minds , whereas now the focus is on the invasion of Iraq .
The Franco-German Brigade alone , a core Rapid Reaction Force , might well have been