Article 4 .
There are still a great many obstacles to be overcome along the way .
We repudiate that kind of intolerance .
Given this political reality , it is very foolish to nip this convergence process in the bud by proposing a confusing mass of indicators .
They provide a snapshot of reality .
The words "his or her " are not present in the Dutch version , so this must be adapted in accordance with the English text .
As I see it , the majority of Members of the Group of the European United Left , as well as the majority of Members of the Green Group , have allowed themselves to be thrown into confusion due to this lack of choice , which will now lead to abstentions .
I would remind you of the amendment tabled by the former MEP Mrs Van Putten , of the PSE Group , which was designed to prevent individual countries from continuing to exclude independent accountants .
Why was there was so much lobbying ?
In the matter of caching , I would have thought it more desirable for this report to tie in more closely with the e-commerce directive .
If they lose this money they will have to look for alternative work .
( NL ) If Turkey was an EU Member State there would be a whole host of reasons for suspending its membership .
Next , the report draws attention to the EIB ' s internal scrutiny .
The rapporteur proposes that someone from the European Central Bank should be appointed as a member of the Audit Committee , but an audit committee has more of an accounting function than one of real banking supervision .
This promise related to recruiting more women , so that the EIB employs roughly the same number of men as women , or at least works towards that goal .
I think it would be a good idea to carry on the tradition of devoting attention to the European Investment Bank here in Parliament , and I hope this will then stimulate more interest than is in evidence today .
I will talk about employment first .
The employment objective , which is also one of the European Union ' s priority objectives - I think Lisbon confirmed this once again - is expressed too implicitly in your plans and reports to my mind , and is not sufficiently visible or verifiable .
The quality of work is an extremely important consideration if people are to be able to function properly in the economy , in an economy based more on knowledge and creativity .
Perhaps I should leave it out though because I think I can concur with what Mrs Peijs had to say on the matter , with the exception of her comments on the role of the ECB.
I would like to echo the view of a number of our fellow MEPs , namely that the topic of social protection is new .
It is true that the number of unemployed across Europe is still high , and I am always surprised when it is suggested that we should most definitely encourage the influx of immigrants .
Upon which they went home , and everything carried on as before .
The problem Europe has - and I trust I can be so outspoken after eleven years in this Parliament - is that I am always duly impressed with the rhetoric , but never by the action that follows .
I therefore wonder whether there is a fear of getting in the way of our own Social Affairs Ministers , or does it , Mrs Lambert , amount to a well-intentioned difference in political strategy ?
I would ask Commissioner Solbes Mira whether this might not be a reason for joining our camp now , rather than waiting patiently for the moment when the Council , in its great wisdom , will take a decision ?
They may be in favour of debates and of adapting and extending regulations , but how they intend to bring this about , or what the timeframe is , is a mystery .
I would urge them too to roll up their sleeves in this area , as these people are still being discriminated against .
As far as frontier workers , as well as people on secondment , are concerned , I am of the opinion that they should be given a choice .
First of all , the Council should adopt the Commission proposal for extending the directive ' s scope , in order to cover third-country nationals who reside in the EU lawfully , for they are clearly being discriminated against at present .
The place is this Parliament , but the time , Mrs Oomen-Ruijten , is not now .
People who make use of the free movement of persons are brought down to earth with a shock .
They are in the Council and are keen to keep things as they are .
This is today ' s topic of discussion .
I do hope so .
To tell you the truth , Mr Danielsson , I had hoped from the bottom of my heart that you , on behalf of the Swedish Presidency , would have shown the greatest commitment to ultimately making decisions , and to at least producing a timeframe indicating when a decision would be taken on this important regulation .
The best approach is to continue to form a united front in these issues and not to use this directive to pull cheap party-political stunts at the expense of frontier workers .
But if I can ask you something : I would very much like to know how Sweden , not only as the country holding the presidency , but also as a Member State of this European Union , intends to break the deadlock in this issue and how you stand on the extension to include third-country nationals