the end of last year was an encouraging move that should be pursued further .     Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , it hardly pays for us to doubt these benefits , but do not let us forget the problems .
What will happen in old people’s homes ?
My country will have moved into the digital age by 2007 .
It is unthinkable that the sick or elderly would have to give up their televisions as a source of entertainment , even though they might not always need new digital services .
Schools , too , are in difficulties .
In other words , by that time all schools would have to be digitalised .
If we look at schoolchildren , their world of play is quite different from what we ever did .
In any case , I would like to make three main points , firstly a general point , and then two points aimed at the Commission and then the Council .
There have been some improvements but , as many have said , a lot remains to be done .
Having said that , I do not think any company would receive a positive Statement of Assurance – DAS – using the method that the Court of Auditors does .
I know that it gets a lot of flak for the way in which it uses the money at its disposal , some of which is justified , but most of which is not .
My final point is a criticism of the Council , not merely of the fact it is not present today but of the fact that – just as the UK Independence Party was doing a second or two ago – it is trying to create the illusion that everything is the fault of the Commission or the other EU institutions .
That is why I condemn the fact that , at the Ecofin Council two weeks ago , the Finance Ministers once again refused to sign a declaration of assurances .
My conclusion is unambiguous : a lot of talk and not much action .
Globalisation , which is in reality an updated version of capitalism , is taken as a given , as if it were a law of nature .
I searched the work programme with interest for a legal basis for the President of the Commission ’s announcement that France is to be given an additional subsidy of EUR 50 million on account of the vehicles that have been burnt in the streets in recent weeks .
The Commission proposes to manipulate public opinion in such a way that it takes a more favourable view of it .
In any case , the majority in the referenda in France and the Netherlands voted against the Commission ’s communication and propaganda dictatorship .
As this is possibly a state of emergency , the Commission should start drafting one-year Structural Fund programmes and other programmes in other words plan B.     European integration will not succeed unless it is founded on joint responsibility .
It is not enough merely to establish a single market and single currency , even if they do further integration .
There are 18.8 million unemployed in Europe – almost 20 million .
Mere words are not enough : we need concrete action .
In addition , I hope that the principle of subsidiarity will at last be implemented .
The agreement between conservatives and socialists will mean that no chemicals in consumer products will be tested .
This is a scandal , as we know that chemicals cause a third of occupational diseases and a significant proportion of allergies , asthmas , infertility and cancer .
It has been like a Kinder Easter Egg : you never know what surprise will pop out this week .
Ladies and gentlemen , this is not good management and it does not set a good example to Turkey , which is aspiring to membership .
Everywhere in the world people would know that European products are safe , and small companies could also safely use chemicals protecting their own employees .     Mr President , the EU’s Chemicals Regulation ( REACH) will ensure above everything else the protection of people’s health and standards of environmental protection that are as excellent as possible .
Amid this difficult situation , Guido Sacconi , rapporteur for the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Food Safety , has to my mind done an excellent job , and the result obtained in the Committee was an indication of how valuable his work has been .
I would have hoped that there would no longer be any need to go back from this compromise .
This will help the chemicals industry and increase its capacity for innovation in Europe .     .
Firstly , a search is defined as special when it aims not to determine the Member State responsible for an asylum application , but to guarantee to each individual the exercise of his or her rights as provided for in the Data Protection Directive .
Indeed , in accordance with Article 18( 2 ) and under the Eurodac Regulation , any person residing in a Member State has the right to obtain in any Member State data relating to her or him that is recorded in the central database and that the Member State transmitted to the Central Unit .
Under the system laid down by EU data protection legislation , the Member States’ data protection authorities and the European data protection supervisor are the competent authorities to monitor the lawfulness of personal data-processing activities by Eurodac.
During a recent Eurodac users ’ meeting , the Commission reminded Eurodac users of their legal obligations .
The Commission is following this issue closely since it is important to clarify whether activities carried out by national authorities within the framework of Eurodac comply with our established data protection rules .     .
