is that , for many , this discussion has led to a greater appreciation of the harmfulness of these products .
This is how we can make the market economy more ecological .
The incidence of these substances in people working in the recycling industry is 70 times higher .
I therefore welcome the two European Directives that address these problems .
However , the risk of electronic waste being dumped in countries outside the European Union under the pretext of re-use is not hypothetical .
That means , therefore , that a sound , environmentally-friendly solution is very much what is needed to recycle and process this waste .
I support voluntary collection , processing and removal , with due consideration for the environment .
I am pleased that that is possible .
There has been a great deal of discussion about the role of the Member States .
It is our duty to ensure that public safety is guaranteed .
Even if this involves hazardous substances , unfortunately .
In addition , in the case of natural gas extraction , for example , a small amount of mercury always ends up in the water .
It would be preferable to await the outcome of an extensive study into nickel in water , currently being carried out in Denmark .
I therefore share Mrs Breyer ' s view that , if we want to live up to the obligation under the Directive , we may not , or cannot , make concessions on socio-economic grounds .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , it is actually very simple , and the Commissioner alluded to this a moment ago .
In addition , attention should be drawn to the contradiction that , while restraints are being imposed on the sale of a lawfully permitted product , tobacco growing is still being heavily subsidised .
That was the language of the country ' s capital , which was also used outside the capital by businesspeople , officials and the military .
Indeed , we can see major differences compared to the control of tobacco .
The cultural differences in this area are enormous , and a legislator who is closer to the citizen can therefore act more effectively , and , in the final analysis , effectiveness is what it is all about .
This could then include the possibility of using warning labels , as is done in the United States , for example , at least as long as it can be proven that these warning labels serve a purpose .
One can also question whether it is , in fact , necessary to tackle an issue at European level once again , of which all Member States are very much aware and on which they are all taking measures .
The directive in its current version provides for greater transparency , more active monitoring of the markets , a better definition of producer and consumer responsibilities - for that was still a stumbling block at first reading - stricter criteria for product safety and stricter criteria for testing these products .
My colleague , Mrs Marialiese Flemming , whom I represent here , has tabled an amendment in this connection , and she suggests only allowing the automatic export ban to apply if the product for which a ban is being issued here should also be banned on account of safety .
Moreover , I am of the opinion that it is irresponsible for safe product standards to be observed on behalf of EU citizens , but for citizens outside the EU to have to content themselves with less safe products .
Commissioner , changing a common organisation of the market to have a long-term effect is something which we would term a reform , rather than a contingency plan .
Agriculture is all about what we received from God in Creation .
A large company such as Volkswagen is already developing that strategy .
Additionally , the EU' s product requirements are high .
The text of our resolution has the feel of a compromise .
However , free market access will not automatically lead to a higher level of exports from the least developed countries .
In my opinion , we should be able to achieve results faster one way or another , not just now , but also in future .
The substances they transported were less harmful than now , and they were little affected by extremely cheap competitors , particularly from the Third World .
Safety for the crew is generally minimal , and the environmental risks high .
I am , in fact , of the opinion that ships should not be inspected by private classification societies , but rather by the government , in sound coordination with trade union and environmental movements .
That concern is not totally unfounded .
In practice , it appears complex to verify across the EU whether the documents which a non-EU driver produces at an inspection point are the correct ones , in other words , whether this person has been employed legally and whether all social conditions have been fulfilled in the process .
Bearing in mind that the key goal of this measure is to thwart the use of so-called 'illegal ' non-EU drivers for lorries of EU businesses , the scope of this proposal appears to be somewhat on the generous side .
That is why I would like to end my speech by calling on the Member States to keep sight of this proposal ' s cardinal concept in the negotiations surrounding this licensing scheme .
I would like to make it clear at this stage that we are keen supporters of the free movement of labour .
Madam President , I had the same observation as Mr Corbett .
I must tell you , and Mr Caudron , that the documentation you promised us was definitely sent by the secretarial services