It is not sufficient for declarations to be made at European Councils and summits .
I know that this is something that the Member States often attempt to avoid , but the fact is that , if we want to see more effective European institutions , if , furthermore , we want their actions to have greater credibility , and if we want to see their results being more successful , we must have the necessary means to make payments .
In this specific case , and to ensure that real negotiation takes place , there must be respect for the positions of all parties involved , attention must be paid to everyone ' s priorities and that a close look is really given to everyone ' s priorities .
Because of the restrictive guidelines of the Stability Pact and also because of the problems resulting from a major economic slowdown , the Council is continuing to suggest cuts , which creates real problems for the budget ' s implementation .
The rapporteur ' s idea , which is not new , seeks to cut spending , particularly on the Balkans , in order to be able to increase the remaining aid for cooperation and to force the Council to negotiate .
If there is one lesson that we have learnt about monitoring the Community ' s external action for development , it is that the key to its success is the existence of a strong , responsible , independent and credible presence in the recipient countries .
.
It does not , however , provide a critical analysis of the guidelines proposed by the Commission nor does it offer any clear alternatives for issues that we need to commit to , specifically the need to give priority to employment policies or not to continue the current trend of subordinating these policies to monetarist ones , thereby finally burying the neoliberal approach that prevails in the European Union , having rejected the proposals that we tabled on this matter .
The report ' s proposals even consider the idea that improving the institutional workings of the Union will require major adjustments to the balance of established power which , without endangering the workings of these bodies , guarantee the full participation of all Member States .
With regard to the creation of a 'preparatory convention ' for the new IGC , we feel its prime objective is an attempt to limit or impose conditions on the sovereign decisions of governments and national parliaments .
On the other hand , it puts forward some highly controversial ideas , specifically transferring the responsibilities of the High Representative of the CFSP to the Commission , thereby reducing the powers of the Council and further communitising this important policy , which we must , of course , oppose .
The first is the unsatisfactory level of the proposed premium of EUR 21 , which continues to reflect the discrimination against the small ruminants sector in favour of large ruminants .
In this sense , the Committee on Agriculture ' s amendments , which are intended to create an additional premium in certain situations , will be of enormous benefit to the implementation of the COM and will make the scheme more realistic and more feasible .
Mr President , the Commission proposal dwells on the strategy of separating production aid and prices with the argument that this will simplify the current Organisation of the Market .
Also to be welcomed is the removal of the distinction between sheep bred to produce milk and those bred for their meat and that the same increase is to be applied to goats .
Fish are a universally scarce resource .
Nevertheless , these agreements cannot ignore and fail to respond to their impact on the vulnerable economies of the world ' s poorer countries and regions .
Equally , it is incorrect - as the rapporteur and various other Members have stated - to attempt to table amendments on the expiry date of the MAGP-IV that would have a detrimental effect on maritime safety , on the quality of life and safety of crews , on the value and quality of catches and on health and hygiene conditions .
The European Union must promote scientific research into resources and could support the implementation of an effective programme for monitoring the exclusive economic zones ( EEZs ) of developing countries .
I share the rapporteur , Mr Kirkhope ' s , enthusiasm for this initiative and I congratulate him on the work he has carried out , which seeks to speed up the entry into force of the provisions of the Convention , still not ratified to date , that are considered to be most urgent by the Member States .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the Commission considers these three initiatives to be particularly important , especially now , at a time when cooperation not only between Member States but also between the European Union and third countries and international organisations is crucial if we want to combat organised crime and , in particular , terrorism , effectively .
These two initiatives will help to make Europol an organisation which is more effective in the fight against organised crime , a matter which is of increasing concern to the public of the Member States of the European Union .
At the same time , I acknowledge the importance of coordination between Europol and Eurojust and of the role Eurojust should play in relation to the judicial supervision of Europol .
With regard to the amendments proposed in Parliament ' s report , the Commission might propose that the public version of this annual report be annexed to the report that Europol also submits annually to the European Parliament .
Mr President , Commissioner , curiously , two European States that have never