the year 2005 .
If there was overcapacity , at least more stringent environmental demands could not be blamed for everything .
During the conciliation process , we also managed to change the Commission 's approach to the Auto-Oil programme .
We were also able to show that costs sustained out of human illness have to be taken into account in the figures .
The effects of this decision will be visible very early on , because cleaner fuels will be coming onto the market by the beginning of the year 2000 .
In this way , we hope that the quality of the air will start to improve very soon after this decision has come into force .
Mr President , I would like to thank the Commissioner for a theoretical answer that was , to my mind , extremely comprehensive .
You really are to be thanked for having produced such an unusual report .
We would urge the Commission and Council to improve the situation for female migrants who profess the Muslim religion .
It calls for an end to discrimination against women and condemns their oppression in the family , for example the fact that genital mutilation is still being practised , although in many countries this is an illegal act .
That on paper is the bubble economy .
Every day , sixty times more currency moves around the world than is needed to pay the world trade bill .
The money was used for the wrong purposes .
The Asian collapse has been paid for out of IMF funds .
Now there is not enough money for elsewhere .
The IMF is asking its member countries to increase their subscriptions and for a special NAB system .
Western banks , under the leadership of Germany , invested perhaps ECU 100 billion in Russia , money which the Russian mafia have recycled back to the West for themselves .
Must the West rescue a president in the name of a reform policy which has already received the verdict of the Russian people ?
The right have destroyed the alternative they offered , and any prospect of a rescue from the crisis .
It has been said that Russia must continue the process of freeing up markets and privatisation .
Should they continue with the approach that led to the present catastrophe ?
Furthermore , privatisation in itself cannot be a cure for a situation where the private sector does not function rationally as a whole , but in a way that does not make it possible to include the social dimension , amongst other things , in the market economy .
I am not saying that the EU should dictate , but there has to be cooperation .
The crisis is both a political and an economic one .
Money pouring in from the West has not helped .
Work and real enterprise must be accorded their true value .
We have to take care that food supplies do not run out .
Famine has before now been the cause of revolutions , unrest and uncontrollable floods of refugees .
It is also important to see that aid reaches its proper destination without border or customs officials hampering operations or the goods ending up on the black market .
It also has to be emphasised that the idea of the regional redeployment of armed forces , which some in Russia have proposed , must be given up .
Along with other members of the Liberal Group , I note with dismay that the European Parliament was unable to deliver an opinion on the reports from the High Level Group on Free Movement , chaired by a respected European and former Member of this House , Mrs Simone Weil .
The operation of such a system beggars belief .
Those British Labour Members who clearly abstained also bear responsibility for the fact that Parliament cannot fulfil one of its primary missions , namely to create a citizens ' Europe .
One of our main concerns should be to remedy this state of affairs .
Mr Hendrick 's report discusses the key to solving Europe 's employment problem .
This is very clearly visible from the difference in the figures for unemployment in the world 's two largest economic areas .
Obstacles to that development have been removed .
The problem has arisen , however , of this market 's ability to function .
It is especially important for the smaller countries that special financial institutions are also created to allow credit to SMEs and to provide substitute capital when it is otherwise unavailable .
Madam President , I am delighted to hear that the European Commission understands that women are needed on the labour market .
We are impatiently awaiting solutions to the social security problems that come with atypical work , and we are also impatiently waiting for the Member States to get to grips with the issue of childcare .
Mrs Marinucci 's report proposes the notion of 'caring years ' .
I support that idea strongly .
Mr Flynn , you were at the conference on Structural Funds that was held in Oporto , Portugal , a few days ago .
Perhaps you would like to tell us if you were , once we have finished discussing your proposals on equal opportunities in the Structural Funds .
Mr President , Commissioner , Mrs Marinucci 's report quite rightly stresses the fact that greater unemployment among women calls for special action to be taken .
I believe that we wish to see a more balanced future for Europe .
Any improvement in the employment situation , particularly for women , requires a change in attitude to one that is more flexible .
The various stages of a woman 's life call for different solutions in the link between her job and her family .
' Caring years ' must be put on the agenda