economic and monetary union .
Your PDB reflects what you have been able to achieve ; it is not entirely to our satisfaction , but we shall not make things difficult for you .
The figures for Category 4 are , as you say , totally unrealistic since this is a draft budget which takes no account of Kosovo .
Mr President , Mr President-in-Office , Mr President of the Commission , you told us , Mr Santer , that Cologne would be interesting from an employment point of view and that we would be another step closer to the European Employment Pact .
The social Europe does not concern him .
Mr Prodi , you appeared as the saviour of a foundering institution , as the person who could provide the charisma needed for the job .
I was satisfied with both the speed and efficiency with which the Council had taken its decision and with the standing in European terms of a man who , with great panache and know-how , had led a left-wing Italian Government under difficult conditions and had led Italy into EMU.
Unfortunately , apart from some general statements and the promise of rigorous and transparent management , his speech gave me greater cause for concern than for anything else .
We believed at the time , and we still believe , that the Members of the European Parliament represent their respective nations and that they should continue to have the status of national representatives .
That is what is at issue here .
Our legal status is therefore international rather than constitutional .
It is important to note that the rules of international trade that are applied by the WTO and that prevent us from making proper use of the precautionary principle were ratified in the agreements concluded at the Uruguay Round by Europeans themselves ; they were led astray by poor advisers , such as the European Commission , which undoubtedly was overly influenced by foreign interests .
The banana issue reveals that the interests of multinational firms are a thousand times more important than the development of nations ; the market is prevailing over the solidarity that needs to be developed within a political community .
After the dispute over hormone-treated meat , we all know that the United States will attack the European Union over genetically modified organisms .
The European Parliament should be consulted on the content of this strategy .
The United States benefited so much from the division of Europe after 1945 that it seems to be doing its utmost to create the conditions for a new division , this time between Western Europe on the one hand , and Orthodox Europe on the other .
Faced with such an inadequate outcome for the cause of the islands , there is no doubt that all efforts must now be made to ensure that the specific characteristics of the Union 's island regions are considered not only in theoretical terms , but also in practical terms .
We all know that the motto in these types of negotiations is that everything that has been established has been established while the rest is up for negotiation .
It is on this point that I am proposing that Parliament vote in favour of an additional amendment to my report which has the support of the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development .
That is what those involved in the industry wanted and it is what we voted for .
As a result , we are tabling an amendment to this end , which I will refer to as 'vine products and health ' .
This is illustrated by what Mr Martin said earlier in relation to winegrowers , with Sweden and Ireland being designated winegrowing areas so that they can obtain concentrated musts and perhaps manufacture industrial wines .
Moreover , the Eastern European countries are soon to arrive and the planned funding is quite modest : EUR 3 billion a year for the pre-accession period , which is clearly inadequate .
So there is only one resource left : a European income tax .
In fact , it is not normal for the body - a binary one , in this case - that decides on the law to be different from the one taking decisions on the delegation of its implementation .
In order for there to be an election there needs to be several candidates and a democratic process .
The Council presidency , proud of its newfound glory , has defined , regulated and established legal bases .
The network service providers are suppliers of technical services and do not have editorial responsibility .
Mr President , I am in the same embarrassing position as Mrs Gebhardt .
In the Colom i Naval report , one paragraph and also Amendment No 27 directly relate to Article 12 of the interinstitutional agreement , an article which alters the maximum rate of increase for the duration of the seven year period .
In short , Mr President , at the meeting point of the political and the legal , I think that you are grossly under-estimating the significance of the emergence of interinstitutional agreements in our system .
Mr President , forgive me for taking the floor again , but before the final vote and pursuant to Rule 129 of the Rules of Procedure , I would like to propose that the Colom i Naval report be referred back to committee .
The Cohesion Fund is a separate consideration , because it is based on funding by project and not by programme .
The determination and perseverance of the members of the European Parliament 's Committee on Regional Policy and of our two rapporteurs have finally paid off .
We will not waste any time on considering and weighing up each of the measures , which are more or less welcome , that are contained in the general regulation .
