model in labour relations should also become standard practice in the new Member States as quickly as possible .
Internally we are divided to an unusual degree .
When enlargement has taken place , the Constitution will not yet be in effect , decisions will not have been taken on future financial frameworks , and the outgoing Commission will have taken the Council to court .
Nationalism seems to be on the rise , and the largest Member States are pushing for privileges .
Enlargement will nevertheless show that peaceful and equal cooperation is what is most enduring in all circumstances .     – Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the proposal for updating the priority trans-European transport network projects is important for Europe’s development .
It will permit the development of a sustainable and more environmentally friendly mode in a way in which logistics can be developed to the full in terms of efficiency .
With regard to the Nordic Triangle , in the vote there is a proposal to extend this to include the northern part of the Gulf of Bothnia .
I support this small amendment , which , if implemented , would improve cross-border rail transport services between Finland and Sweden .     – Mr President , President-in-Office of the Council , although I do not completely share the concern expressed by Mr Nogueira and Mr Ortuondo , it would be good if it could be made clear in Parliament regarding what importance should be attached to these summits held by just a few Member States .
Information has been openly passed around regarding these voting procedures , the weighting of votes in the Council , and the appointment of Commissioners , and it would be good if we heard from you how Ireland , as the country holding the Presidency , dealt with these issues .
Although the objectives are in place and the necessary laws have now been enacted at EU level , the extent to which they have been brought into effect in many Member States is truly shameful .
Furthermore , the impact and effectiveness of EU legislation should be continually assessed , as unnecessary laws are something we do not need .
The decision by many Member States , including Finland , not to allow the free movement of the workforce from the new Member States is nothing less than blatant discrimination against the nationals of those countries .
So far only Ireland and Great Britain have said they will open up their borders on 1 May to the workforce arriving from the Central European countries that are joining the Union .
The new Member States certainly could not have expected the decisions that were made owing to pressure by the trade union movement .
The opening of the market for net-based industries has delivered significant benefits for consumers , businesses and society .
Removing the cross-border barriers to trade in services in the service industry is the most crucial of these .
Commissioner Solbes Mira , you promised then that the Commission would send all the Member States a communication on the matter .
Thank you for saying that the possible adverse effects on the environment of radar equipment contravene the Habitats Directive on the protection of nature .
It is good that the matter is making progress .
Recently , Nature magazine published an article on the subject which made a reference to 14 whales that beached in the Canary Islands last year in September , all of which died .
I therefore continue to appeal to the NATO member states that they should restrict the use of radar systems until their environmental effects and connection with the recent whale deaths have been fully investigated .
The United States has been developing the LFAS system since the 1980s to watch submarines that use new technology , which are hard to see using the former passive radar systems .
The monitoring of territorial waters is a legitimate objective , but the harmful effects of the LFAS system does not seem justified .
Whale deaths have occurred in areas where the United States has tested the system .
The US navy stated in its report on the Bahamas case that the radar system had been the most likely cause of death .
Ukraine really still has much to do in these areas .
The resolution lists many concrete defects and violations of human and civil rights , which have to be put right for partnership to really develop .
The EU must encourage Ukraine to strive for better government and democracy .
The Council and the Commission should monitor developments in Ukraine carefully and play an active and transparent role in organising the presidential elections in October , as well as other matters .     – Mr President , firstly I would like to thank the rapporteur for an excellent report .
At this stage our group does not support point 39 , which goes too far in its outline of OLAF’s future role .
We should remember that it would be a very alarming situation if OLAF were to investigate an unfounded report .
Animal welfare must be ensured during transport .
This is an important issue .
We have nevertheless seen horrendous instances of problems occurring .
The circumstances in Finland are the ones I know best , especially in the sparsely populated areas of the north .
Vehicles have camera surveillance and air-conditioning , and the animals are loaded using lifts .
A derogation is also required for the transport of breeding calves .
Keeping animals on vehicles during long breaks or unloading them periodically is impossible .
The Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism agreed to the derogation , and it is also contained in Mr Maat’s report .
The report before us is necessary because HFCs are not entirely harmless either : they are powerful greenhouse gases .
