have done .
Madam President , the debate on human rights and fundamental freedoms coincides today with the murder of three citizens , three workers , by extremist and marginal elements in my country , in Athens , during demonstrations against government measures in response to the economic crisis .
Support for the development of electric vehicles may have numerous benefits .
The amending budget is the outcome of the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon .
We have also insisted on the need for long-term policy planning for European Parliament buildings , in a bid to safeguard satisfactory financial support both now and in coming years .
Migration from the Schengen Information System ( SIS 1+ ) to the second generation Schengen Information System ( SIS II ) (amendment of Regulation (EC ) No 1104/2008 ) - Migration from the Schengen Information System ( SIS 1+ ) to the second generation Schengen Information System ( SIS II ) (amendment of Decision 2008/839/JHA ) - The establishment of a joint EU resettlement programme ( debate ) Thank you , Commissioner , for your update .
The European response to global resettlement requirements has been adequate to date .
Of course , protection for human rights and our real solidarity with third countries are a top priority objective .
At some point , Commissioner , we expect an initiative from the Commission on this issue .
For over ten years , Europe has seen an influx of large numbers of refugees and waves of immigration .
Other reports , such as the report on the establishment of the European Asylum Support Office , constitute - at least on paper - an obligation to support states whose asylum and reception systems are under particular pressure , due to their geographical position .
Today , we are giving the go-ahead to the establishment of the European Asylum Support Office .
The Office will also help to promote convergence between regulatory arrangements which apply in the EU in the field of asylum rights .
Bearing all these benefits in mind and the consent of both the Member States and the European institutions to the establishment of the European Office , I was delighted to vote in favour of its establishment .
To be precise , energy savings for efficient buildings average 30 % over conventional buildings .
Approval of the European resettlement programme for refugees from third countries in Member States of the EU is a step in the right direction and , of course , I voted in favour of the report for which I acted as rapporteur for the Group of the European People 's Party ( Christian Democrats ) .
I voted in favour of the report on key competences for a changing world : implementation of the Education and Training 2010 work programme .
I fully recognise the importance of EU development policy and of assistance to developing countries .
Thank you , Commissioner , for your reply .
I shall repeat the question in order to obtain a more specific reply .
I would be most obliged if , as soon as these negotiations are concluded , as soon as there is an agreement , you would update us .
The recent explosion in the Gulf of Mexico involved a platform which was only built in 2001 and its subsequent sinking is causing one of the biggest ecological disasters to date .
Inevitably , man is also affected .
The Obama government confirmed the moratorium after the accident , despite its initial statements to the contrary .
Nonetheless , under European legislation , drilling for oil under the sea is exempted from the scope of the Seveso Directive on major accident hazards involving dangerous substances .
We need to act at once , before an accident waiting to happen like that in the Gulf of Mexico comes knocking at our door .
As far as the adoption of a permanent instrument for economic governance is concerned , the Bruegel Institute , which is a think tank in the field of economics , proposes the following : the European Central Bank should guarantee European bonds up to 60 % of the GDP of each country ; these are so-called 'blue bonds ' .
Where bonds exceed the 60 % limit , the surplus should be borrowed on market terms ; these are so-called 'red bonds ' .
If the same extension were adopted by our European lenders , it would be much easier and more realistic for Greece to repay its debt and this would be a good message for the markets .
However , we cannot try and stimulate growth at the same time .
I voted in favour of the proposal for a directive for the following reasons : 1 .
Cases of organ smuggling are minimised and the confidence of potential donors is strengthened , with the ultimate aim of increasing the number of donors . 4 .
Furthermore , the Commission , and the Commissioner himself , have not demonstrated the necessary awareness , as their recent decision on licensing modified potato crops also demonstrated .
The availability of organs differs considerably from one Member State to another : from 33.8 dead donors in Spain to 1 dead donor in Romania per one million people .
Madam President , I should like to start by wishing Mr Schmitt , who has left the European Parliament , every success in his new position .
We also all recognise that , in numerous Member States , the education system has weak points , both in terms of standards and in training pupils and students .
Education and work are interwoven concepts .
Skills which the labour market needs , skills which will encourage innovative ideas and initiatives .
In other words , we have paid more or less in gold for this nuclear complex and , for some people , it was the golden goose .
