regional and cross-border cooperation .
This action plan is a useful survey of the key regional challenges but it is completely lacking in any strategic view of the areas of focus that should be promoted , in particular concrete and measurable short- and mid-term objectives , or how cooperation with the various intergovernmental , NGO and other existing forums should be exploited to achieve them .
The original means of livelihood and way of life of the Sami should be protected , which also means resolving local issues of land ownership and use in a manner that is satisfactory , as hard as that might be or painful to do .
The Commission proposal only loosely defines who will be affected , and quite a number of possible target countries are not at all non-industrialised .
In my opinion it is important that this project should apply specifically to those countries and their internal regions which can otherwise be more difficult to reach and with which the European Union can be considered to have an obvious need to develop mutual understanding and cooperation .
In this situation we should remember that improving social conditions has unquestionable value in international cooperation and a clear , albeit indirect , effect too in the way it promotes economic development .
The decisions made by the Commission regarding priority themes take a strong stance on European Union values , and it is very important that Parliament , which in the eyes of the people represents the Union , can influence these decisions .     – Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , it so happens that the Commissioner saved himself with this excellent opening speech when he said what we actually wanted to hear .
It rocked the boat and people panicked .
Excellent .
You yourself provided evidence of this as the Commission , and I believe that in the future too you will ensure that there are information points in the field .
The impact of enlargement will create a continuous need for information in all Member States .
The parliamentary elections and in particular the attempt to increase people’s interest in voting in them are of course massive tasks , which the points may happily be saddled with .
I am very much in favour of the idea that next year the Commission will seek a better , more workable and more easily controllable solution .
Of course that has been said here several times but I feel I have to repeat it myself .
As a channel of communication they are perhaps not irreplaceable and their work is not absolutely dependent on Commission support .
In my country the best thing about Info-Points Europe is that they are where the people are .
The EU Carrefours are in rural areas and the Info-Points Europe in regional libraries .
We , the Members of the European Parliament , are often the ones the public consults on different issues .
In Finland last time it was only slightly greater than 31 % .
Furthermore , many citizens of the European Union feel the new Constitution is a driving force behind a federalist-style Union and that the administration of the Union is drifting further and further away from grassroots level .
Consequently , I do not think it wise to reduce or announce an intention to reduce direct communication with the citizens of Europe .
If a country ’s human rights situation is poor , it is likely to be seen first among religious groups .
The EU has to send a clear message that discrimination against , for example , the Unified Buddhist Church of Vietnam , Protestant congregations and dissident groups must cease .
A precondition of economic cooperation between the EU and the communist republic of Vietnam has been a respect for fundamental rights and the principles of democracy .
In violating these principles Vietnam is violating and harming itself , and the EU must now clearly indicate that .
The practice of fundamental rights such as expressing one’s opinion can even be loosely interpreted as espionage on the basis of specific law on national security .
In no case can a state ruled by law be built with laws that permit racial , religious or political discrimination .     – Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to thank the rapporteur for his excellent work .
It is essential to simplify legislation .
That is our disease .
I would nevertheless like to make one additional amendment , which is already contained in this report .
According to this , people can always obtain the information and forms they need at one and the same point .
The institutions at least need a common portal , like a one-stop shop , where all the necessary links can be found .
This issue has to be addressed .     – Mr President , I advocate here the position adopted by Parliament at first reading .
In my opinion it would be a big mistake to exclude ethical issues from EU decision-making , especially when we talk about a Community which likes to call itself a community of values .
Besides , ethical issues rarely arise in isolation in some moral vacuum .
Here we arrive at a key policy issue in which Parliament’s work , under the leadership of my colleague , Peter Liese , is extremely important .
I , who had an education in philosophy , feel compelled to say this .
This sort of commercialisation will lead to exploitation , and , moreover , to increased risk .
Our rapporteur’s conclusion is well argued .
The legal basis of the Directive is Article 152 of the Treaty on European Union , which deals with health matters , but all the ‘ethical issues ’ addressed by Parliament are also linked to protecting the health of donors and recipients