now a matter of identifying specific measures , as the honourable Member has just said .
I hope , for the sake of what is referred to as ‘better regulation’ , that the indirect taxation to which you refer will not be quietly ignored .     This relates to quite a different matter , namely the use of various financial channels to fund such things as terrorist activities .
Having said that , I recognise the need to ensure that future funding cannot be reduced because of the special effort – entirely commendable though it is – made by the European Union and the Member States to help the countries stricken by the disaster ; I also recognise the need to ensure that none of this has any adverse effect on Africa , which , as you so rightly said , faces a tsunami of its own on an almost daily basis .     Madam President , in its declaration on combating terrorism of 25 March 2004 , the European Council instructed the Council of the EU to examine proposals for establishing rules on the retention by service providers of data on communications traffic .
I regret , however , that we have been unable to reach agreement on better protection of minors .
Indeed , contrary to the philosophy of the Seventh Framework Programme , a successful research and development system can only be based on cooperation and exchange between public and private researchers and laboratories and not on all out competition and shortage of money .
The amendments also seek to introduce new recitals to make clear that this is obviously in addition to the funds granted for the reconstruction of the sector ’s industries and infrastructures .     – Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the European Commission ’s laudable desire to transfer Community vessels , which would otherwise be scrapped , to the Asian countries affected by the tsunami disaster is all to its credit .
Mr President , you will not be surprised if I tell you that the Commission does not agree at all with what has just been said .
For example , one of the practices targeted by the legislation is prize draw swindles , where consumers and encouraged – often via mobile phone text messaging – to ring a premium-rate number for a prize that does not exist .
I welcome this resolution and the support it gives to G8 countries in their plans for up to 100 % debt relief to the world 's poorest countries .
For example , I am concerned that no proposals to promote equality of opportunities between men and women or to reduce economic disparities between regions are included in the work programme .
International bodies must also act to give the population the security necessary for future elections to be prepared for in an atmosphere of calm .
Everything we are doing and saying is therefore in support of the action taken by the Economic Community of West African States and the African Union , which have been exemplary in their handling of the Togo crisis .
Just as we showed our solidarity with the protagonists of the ‘orange ’ revolution in Ukraine a few weeks ago , we must today give our support to the Togolese demonstrators who are refusing to accept this and are being harshly repressed for doing so .
For us , the rural development funds would make it possible in some degree to offset the severely discriminatory measures taken at the Copenhagen Summit , in accordance with which small farmers in the ten new Member States receive only 25 % of the direct aid .
Thirdly , it has to be possible to extend this microcredit policy to an area that is very important in a society that is both a knowledge-based economy and also an ageing economy .
Last week I took part in the annual meeting of presidents of multilateral development banks and I was pleased to find that in several respects the EIB now serves as a model for other international financial institutions .
After Lisbon , we therefore launched a programme that we call ‘i2i’ : the Innovation 2010 Initiative .
Mr President , please forgive me for having gone over my allotted time ; I would simply like to conclude by restating our desire to continue this dialogue with Parliament .
This means in particular the conditions for entry to the profession , the structure of qualifications , the endorsements , the content of initial controller training and linguistic ability , both in English and in the mother tongue .
The quality of air traffic control and of air navigation depends on the men and their qualifications , and its quality is of course its high level of safety .
Most of the amendments seek to clarify the text of the proposal for a directive and to highlight safety , because safety really is this text’s absolute priority , or to introduce continuation training in the realm of safety .
In other words , this text , which is essentially about safety , is located in the context of a Community social law that can well be referred to in the recitals .
The constructive nature of Mr Schmitt’s report really must be emphasised and , as I believe Mr Rack said just now , while the initial proposal was a good one , the text is even better .
I therefore want to congratulate your rapporteur , Mr De Rossa , on his excellent report and the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs on its work .
I honestly believe that , even if the fate of those five benefits is still uncertain , the agreement reached in the Council and the support , which I believed to be quite broad , in Parliament should enable us to make significant social progress for all European citizens where the remainder of the benefits is concerned