The European Parliament has already made valuable contributions to our cooperation with Lebanon in the past .
Electoral reform is a crucial element in every initiative that is expected to make a lasting impact on Lebanon 's political system .
As you know , Lebanon and Israel have never reached a peace agreement .
Therefore , from the point of view of the European Union , a sustained and lasting solution can only be achieved through a comprehensive approach to the peace process .
Solving one track of the peace process will help in other areas , but no one track can be secure without progress on others .
We are hopeful that progress can be extended to other tracks in due course .
It is a solid report that will reflect realities even better if Amendments 15 and 16 by the rapporteur are adopted , for instance concerning the timetable of the process .
I commend Prime Minister Sanader for his leadership and I also thank Commission President Barroso for his personal involvement in settling the issue .
I do agree with the rapporteur and with Mr Lenarčič that Croatia has much work ahead .
Concrete progress is needed in judicial , administrative and economic reforms , in the fight against corruption and on refugee return and minority rights .
This year could be a decisive one in the accession negotiations , provided that a number of conditions are met by Croatia .
There is not much time to waste .
Essentially , the ball is now in Croatia 's court .
Concerning the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia , I can by and large share the assessment of the Meijer report regarding the reform process .
I would like to thank the rapporteur for his cooperation with the Commission services on the report .
However , the Commission 's rather critical progress report of November 2007 has been followed by corrective actions .
I would like to inform you that we have established eight benchmarks , derived from the key priorities of the new Accession Partnership .
Evidently , political stability will be essential for success .
I repeat this call today , as it is no less important now , in the aftermath of the NATO summit in Bucharest .
The name issue has consumed much political energy lately .
I encourage the political leadership to continue on the road towards NATO and EU integration with full determination .
Support and encouragement from the European Parliament , the Council and the Commission will be highly important for these countries .
A number of important issues were raised and I can only comment on some of them in this short response .
In my view , we are now on the right track .
The region has made steady progress over the past couple of years and once the major risks of instability , like the aftermath of the Kosovo status process or the fragility of democracy in Serbia , can be handled well , then I am sure that the region will have a very bright future and that this future is , indeed , in the European Union .
I can only second those views and say that the country is well placed to take an historic step forward this year if it acts with determination and sustained efforts to meet the benchmarks .
Several of you referred to visa liberalisation .
I would also like to inform you that we shall shortly - before the end of April - present a road map of this kind for visa-free travel for Serbia where , likewise , ordinary citizens value this extremely highly .
This is good , because the real friends of Croatia should not sweep the problems under the carpet but be honest about what needs to be done and encourage Croatia to implement the necessary reforms on the ground and without delay .
Sustained efforts are needed .
Ms Ek referred to the environmental aspects of overfishing in the Adriatic and I would like to respond to her and inform you all that Prime Minister Sanader told President Barroso and myself of his concern for a special area in the middle of the Adriatic , the ' Jabuka Pomo Pit' , which is an important spawning ground .
This will need further discussions with Slovenia , Italy and Croatia and , of course , the Commission .
I find it encouraging that regional cooperation has substantially improved over the last couple of years and both Croatia and the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia have actively contributed to this success .
After all , cooperation across borders is what the European Union is all about .
I want to thank you once again for a very responsible and substantive debate and congratulate the rapporteurs on their important contributions to this debate . rapporteur . - ( FI ) Madam President , Commissioner Dimas , the targets under the Sixth Environment Action Programme are not going to be achieved as a result of the sort of environmental policy being implemented in the EU.
The decline in biodiversity is unlikely to be halted and legislation on the protection of the seas will not have any effect until 2012 .
We need to achieve satisfactory targets in the reduction in the volume of waste .
That is the case especially when the measures which have now been agreed are actually implemented .
First of all , Member States have to step up national implementation of EU legislation .
The Commission must be given the necessary resources for it to be able to ensure that all Member States are attending to their obligations .
We have spoken about this for years , but as yet nothing has been done in practice .
Any policy that is environmentally favourable is to be recommended , including taxation measures .
I would like to thank all the groups who took part in this work , and I