What they all have in common , however , is that they should all be capable of achieving good ecological status within a specific period of time .
The Socialist Group in the European Parliament supports the rapporteur 's endeavour to define what we mean by good environmental status in the marine environment .
It is important that the measures are properly binding and not merely recommendations .
For years now , there has been cooperation in the context of HELCOM , or the Helsinki Commission .
I would like to thank both the rapporteurs for having adopted this view within the context both of the strategy and of the directive . on behalf of the PSE Group . - ( FI ) Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the blackout in Europe affected 10 million people from Germany to Spain .
The power cut was a salutary reminder of how closely we are connected to each other via the electricity network and how vulnerable we are at the same time .
In practice Europe has a common electricity network , but not a common energy policy that would secure supply .
Although connecting up the networks is an attempt to improve the security of supply of electricity everywhere in the Union , an adverse effect is that any problems that arise will affect us all .
The likelihood of other energy crises was heightened when the energy production plants were privatised .
The Commission has taken prompt action , and we are grateful for that .
The national transmission system operators must in future cooperate more comprehensively and more transparently .
Moreover , companies need to take responsibility and invest more than they do now in transmission and emergency capacity .
The conclusion adopted by the European Council that a Member State may cut a farmer 's direct aid and marketing payments by a maximum of 20 % was both unexpected and very badly formulated .
First of all , the cut would not be based on any objective rules but would merely be the result of high-handedness on the part of a Member State .
Secondly , it needs to be made very clear that the cut would not increase resources for rural development in the countries concerned .
This additional funding would not be affected by national cofinancing as contained in the Regulation on rural development .
It would then of course be a case of a direct payment of agricultural aid to the Member State 's Ministry of Finance .
That would mean that the interinsitutional agreement would have to be altered .
For these reasons I warmly welcomed Mr Goepel 's suggestion that Parliament should reject the proposal . on behalf of the PSE Group . - ( FI ) Madam President , the legislation that applies to the European Union as a whole needs to be based on an analysis of where we are , which of the measures that have already been taken have been effective , and what new measures are needed for us to achieve the targets that have been jointly set .
We have not received one .
It is not included in next year 's Action Plan either .
The Commission says that it intends to examine the Environmental Technologies Action Plan next year .
One challenge we face is legislation on chemicals .
We need new technology for material efficiency , and in this way we will also be able to redeem our promise of improved competitiveness .
Personal friends I have known for a long time are refugees from Varosha and , therefore , I know the importance of the issue not only because of my portfolio but also because of my personal contacts .
The United Nations has the responsibility and competences to pursue a comprehensive settlement of the Cyprus issue .
The return of Varosha to its lawful inhabitants is one of the key elements in the UN-led process .
However , the plan , supported by the United Nations and the European Union , fell in 2004 .
The Commission proposed a draft regulation to this effect in July 2004 .
The Finnish formula would create a genuine win-win situation for both communities and all parties concerned .
It would be a major confidence-building measure towards a comprehensive settlement , thus meaning also a prospect of the return of Varosha .
Over the past 42 years there has been enough talk of 'red lines ' and 'blackmail ' in the eastern Mediterranean .
Member of the Commission .
Reunification should have happened yesterday at the latest .
Today , the Finnish formula is likely to be the last chance for several years to unblock the current stalemate .
Therefore it should be taken extremely seriously .
So is the Commission , with both the political ways and means and legal and other substantive expertise to facilitate solutions .
Mr President , after the post-2005 election crisis the Commission , in close cooperation with the EU Member States and the international community , undertook efforts to defuse tensions and urged the Ethiopian Government to restore confidence in the democratisation process through the release of political detainees .
President Barroso met Prime Minister Zenawi in Addis Ababa last October to express the Commission 's concerns about the trial and the prisoners .
Instead , he suggested reconciliation and dialogue as the only way forward in building confidence .
When two members of the Commission delegation were arrested and expelled from Ethiopia and a local employee of the delegation was arrested , President Barroso , Commissioner Michel and EU Member States immediately expressed their deep concern at these events , which clearly breached the Vienna Convention .
The Commission headquarters expressed its support and solidarity with the delegation staff and we were satisfied that this immediate and strong reaction resulted in the release of the arrested local agent on bail .
The meetings and debates planned for the European Development Days will provide an opportunity to convey these messages directly and express our deep