of a whole new Parliament and an enlarged Europe .
The Commission did not come up to expectations in 2003 .
The Commission did not come up to expectations in the years prior to that .
We know that not all of the budget funds will be spent next year either and that next autumn the contributions paid into the EU’s coffers will once again be refunded to the Member States .
Not all Member States draft their programmes in the proper way or in accordance with the proper timetable .
Consequently , the preparation of the Union’s budget for next year will in many respects be a form of shadow boxing involving three parties .
The European Parliament will make a show of struggling against the maximum amounts , or ceilings , for each section recorded in the financial framework .
Everyone , however , will know that there is more money actually available than is needed and that it will once again be refunded to the Member States at a later date .
This means that the other priorities that Parliament considers important will not be addressed .
This budget is a step in that direction .     – Mr President , the European Union’s draft budget for 2005 is the first one applying to a Union of 25 Member States for a complete year .
The total payment appropriations in the budget come to EUR 105 billion ; that is , 0.99 % of GNP , or approximately EUR 9 billion below the financial perspective ceiling .
The budget has now once again been drafted on an activity-based structure , increasing its transparency .
At the same time , it clarifies personal accountability for administration and facilitates comparison of the efficiency of different administrative branches .
Outstanding commitments remain the biggest problem with the EU budget .
For example , last year EUR 8 134 000 000 in budgeted payment appropriations in the Structural Funds went unused .
Several projects , connected with the education of young people in particular , have been initiated .
What sort of projects could the Commission propose and advance which under the current Constitutional Treaty are not possible ?
Could you give any examples ?     – Mr President , we should express our deepest condolences to the victims of Beslan and their relatives .
There is nothing more barbarous or mindless than the intentional killing of defenceless mothers and children .
The whole world has realised that things have now gone too far .
The Russian Government stated that it would act accordingly .
It will not come about through the use of weapons or the continued centralisation of power .
In Europe , we can see that Russia’s policy on Chechnya has failed .
Up till now , we have supported the policy to promote stability and democracy under Putin’s leadership , and hopefully it will not now come about that , as a result of these tragic events , we start to rethink and alter our policy on Russia , because now Russia itself is also a victim .
I wish him all the best – drive carefully , Commissioner !
Mankind has to answer the question of what we are to do with tyrants , despots who kill their own people or those of another country .
What is the role of the United Nations today ?
To maintain world order we need a revamped UN.
Before we can do this , however , we need a common EU foreign policy .
We must do all we can to combat terrorism , including its causes , as otherwise tomorrow we will find bombs in our own homes .
I am disappointed that the resolution makes no mention of prohibiting the death penalty .
I would like to raise three issues .
Firstly , I take a very positive view of this Constitutional Treaty .
It makes the EU more democratic , more transparent and more effective .
If the Treaty fails in one country , it fails in the entire Union , and that is not in our best interests .     – Mr President , the resolution on the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora is an important step in preparation for the 13th meeting of the Conference of the Parties to the Convention .
The proposal before us now will in some cases mean protection will be more rigid , while in some cases it will be slacker .
It may be interpreted as an encouraging sign that the fact that it was an icon proved useful .
Certain protected species have begun to recover .
The all-important issue is not strictness , but sustainable development .
For that reason it is vital that the precautionary principle is still cited as a basic tenet ; this , despite the fact that , to the ears of many of my colleagues and associates , that phrase sounds flat and empty , as the use of the phrase ‘the precautionary principle ’ has not always meant that the principle has been followed .
At the same time , we have to remember the concern raised in the resolution and focus more attention on the monitoring of implementation .
This is a huge legislative package which has raised our status once again , for example , as a legislator on the world stage , and in putting us in a position to compete once more with the United States .
Monopolies and duopolies have been dissolved to the benefit of consumers and users , which is important .
We have achieved just as much with regard to energy issues as well .
We should be taking better care of those people who , as the barriers come down , remain on the wrong side of our internal borders .
It should make these qualities visible outside Europe as well .
