Mr President , I should also like to thank the President-in-Office of the Council and the Commissioner for good speeches on their part which I think provide hope for real optimism , especially given the will and commitment radiated by both women .
It could hardly have been made more abundantly clear , what we are concerned with here .
I am convinced that it will be hard work , when all is said and done .
We have a very strong interest in seeing equality introduced to the Commission and in seeing the necessary basis for decision making secured so that the Commissioner can implement her views on equality .
That is absolutely crucial .
Men have never wished to surrender positions of power when they had them , but there are also very few women who have been willing to give up their positions of power , and I am thinking here , in particular , of positions of power in relation to children .
Inevitably , we should like , for the same reasons of power politics , to be allowed to have this debate more or less to ourselves .
What I want to emphasise by saying this is that it is a matter of both sides ' surrendering power .
The Commissioner emphasised that what is needed is a very broadly-based political mix , and she specifically mentioned Finland and Sweden .
And I say that , of course , because I come from Denmark .
We still do not have a female president but , on the other hand , we have a queen , and that must no doubt , in certain contexts , amount to the same thing .
It is crucial we accept that there is a price to pay if women are to have equality in the short term .
The issue is therefore one of appropriate structures .
I think that this field offers some quite distinctive opportunities for women , specifically because it is characterised by flat , rather than hierarchical , structures .
There are two points which have not been seriously mentioned and which I should just like to mention here finally .
The first is the issue of the media ' s influence .
I think it is very important that we should investigate what kind of stereotypes the media establish .
I have to say that I do not know the precise answer to that question .
The second point is the enlargement of the Union .
It would have been better if she had obtained channels in all languages .
The words will be welcome , but the basic problem is that we have an Economic and Monetary Union which attaches more importance to fighting inflation than to promoting employment .
The Central Bank has said that price rises should always be kept below 2 % .
The Stability Pact says that the budget deficit must be no more than 1 % in ordinary years .
It is public consumption and the price of money which definitely must not rise .
It is more important to stick to the holy cow of monetary policy than to find jobs for the unemployed .
So too did the Danish Government which came to power in 1993 .
Between 1992 and 1998 , unemployment in Denmark fell to 5.1 % .
In Denmark , we have had combined growth of 20 % , compared with 10 % in the EU.
Now , Denmark also has an actual budget surplus because those who exchanged their redundancy notices for wage packets also began to pay tax instead of drawing benefit .
I believe that the EU' s prime ministers ought to study the Danish example when they meet for their tête-à-tête on the economy in Lisbon .
We need a change to the EMU Treaty instead of a further string of fine words directed at the unemployed .
It is an agenda which emphasises that it is a strong and dynamic economy and increased competitiveness which will secure the objective of higher employment in the EU.
A joint effort is needed to strengthen research and development , including research in connection with information technology , and there is a need to strengthen the internal market and to create the necessary conditions for receiving the full benefits from the new technology and for developing trade via the Internet .
It is also only right to concentrate upon access to venture capital and otherwise to reinforce the position of small and medium-sized businesses .
In the same paper , the Commission also set the objective of mitigating the problems connected with poverty in Europe over the next ten years .
Some EU countries - mentioning no names - are struggling with high youth unemployment .
In other countries - for example , in my own country , Denmark - youth unemployment is very low .
Indeed , there is an outright struggle between employers and educational institutions to attract young people .
With the exchange of experiences and ideas as part of the Luxembourg process , employment policy is designed in such a way as to ensure that this will , in fact , be the case .
However , it is also very important that countries should not work at cross purposes when solving the social problems in question but , on the contrary , that they should cooperate and provide each other with inspiration .
I too regard globalisation and the rapid changes that are under way as the major challenges , and I also think that they will only succeed if the people of the countries concerned are involved .
The first of these - I am tempted to say - is the usual stuff about the economy , but the second , and rather more important , is that we should reinforce the European social model by investing in people .
I completely agree with this main