There are forerunners to these reports and to this situation .
Recently , interest in all these forms has clearly increased , not decreased .
I should like to finish by saying that we must continue along these lines and that , as rapporteur , I recommend that we all vote in favour of my report as well as in favour of the other two .
Moreover , as German magazines are reporting , we know that there is now something called the ' German , Spanish and Danish model ' .
And of course , the joint action of the Commission and Parliament has played an important role in promoting these new forms of energy and I believe we should be proud of this .
On two occasions , Parliament reached a conclusion which it made clear to the Commission : in order to avoid unfair practices in this field , the Commission would have to use its power of initiative to prepare a regulatory instrument , a definitive regulation that would set specific limits and establish some discipline .
The majority of reasons banks use to continue charging handling costs , such as the cost of personnel , insurance , storage and so on , are reasons that would also be valid excuses for levying a charge for changing a 100 000 lira note into ten 10 000 lira notes .
This is what we are gambling with and , for this reason , we feel we should once again draw your attention to the possibility of revising the Commission 's initial approach .
We acknowledge the rapporteur 's worthy efforts but on certain aspects we do not agree with him .
And lastly , there is the principle of a restrictive budgetary policy , where austerity is 'consecrated' , to use the biblical term , as a virtue .
They are also due to a certain contentment and somewhat of a return to the days of wine and roses in budgetary policy .
There is indeed sufficient stimulus for stability , but you will not find stimuli for either growth or employment anywhere in the report .
What is clear is that , at least in the short term and possibly in the medium term , if we do not have a policy that strongly stimulates growth , unemployment will remain at levels that are unacceptable in our societies .
Moreover , it would appear that excessively restrictive nature of monetary policy has been largely responsible for the increase in public deficit in the euro area in the 1980s and even in the early 1990s ' .
And I should like to warn this House that we must be careful when voting on Amendment No 98 so that we are not inconsistent .
Using the North American embargo as an excuse is too simplistic .
These attitudes must not lead to the Cuban population being condemned , as they are the ones who will suffer the consequences if such dialogue is destroyed .
I have already said in this House - quoting an illustrious colleague of mine - that the future cannot be imposed on individuals or peoples without their support and that there can be no individual dignity unless every man and woman is able to play a part in determining their future as a society .
The European Union can end this American siege and promote this alternative path , a path we believe to be satisfactory .
The insurgent forces still have a chance of going down in Colombia 's history as a factor in creating peace .
Paramilitary action represents evil , fascism and all the worst aspects of an intolerant and exclusive sociology .
Mr President , we are debating an extraordinarily detailed resolution and we will vote on it later .
And in this era of globalisation , indivisibility also means linking political rights to social and economic rights .
It is perhaps slow , but it is happening nonetheless .
Therefore , Mr President , we support the recommendation and the report .
Therefore , the Committee on External Economic Relations welcomes the Commission 's proposal for amendment as it agrees with its philosophy .
To fill in the gaps , I have tabled two amendments , Amendment Nos 14 and 15 , that include the conclusions of the opinion that the Committee on External Economic Relations approved unanimously .
Mr President , at this time of night we are not here to debate complex issues but I should like to begin at the end .
In this respect , the rapporteur is attempting to go slightly further than normal legislative work , because the Commission 's Green Paper only talked of three stages : firstly , harmonisation ; then mutual recognition by the Member States ; and lastly , regulations .
This is an issue that could lead to a lengthy discussion , as could the definition of the utility model based on a structure or configuration but not on a substance or specific procedure .
Thinking back to all the nonsense that was talked on previous days , I must say that this subject is substantially more important than most of the others that have been discussed .
We should also consider that even the dismissal of Mr Poplasen from his post as President of Republika Srpska has yet again shown that the clean-up operation so vitally necessary if there is to be cooperation has not yet taken place in Republika Srpska .
It is Republika Srpska which spreads disorder and which is still under totalitarian leadership , whereas the present government in Bosnia , as well as Muslims , Croats and even Serbs , genuinely believe in democracy .
We must finally resolve to give effective support to those forces existing in Serbia - we have seen them here ourselves on occasion .
He conducted