The unnecessary pumping of structural fund monies among the richest Member States is another cause of irritation .
The optimistic references to a common destiny in the preamble ring false in the ears of someone from a country that , while supposedly fat and stuffed to the gullet , refuses to do anything for poor countries .
What this shows is that social cohesion , sustainable development and the new emphasis on growth and jobs remain priorities shared by the three institutions .
Should there be a supreme being , should Zeus still be around , he should be able to fall in love with Europa once again .
If , however , newspapers carry reminders , year in and year out , that the Dutch contribute many times more than other rich countries , then the Netherlands , having been a pro-European country , will eventually end up being sceptical .
We have not had an easy time of it , and if anyone was able to cope , it was this President of the Council , Mr  Juncker , and his team .
We recently concluded that at this rate , Europe will no longer meet even the Kyoto standards .
That is why we suggested she should choose less ambitious and more direct wording along the lines of ‘The world summit on the information society , second phase’ .
We are therefore opposed to even more rules and regulations , and we support the existing current basis for on-line government .
That will be the subject of a follow-up debate .     The Commission should reply to Parliament’s question as to whether the UK properly applied the Non-Life Insurance Directive between 1978 and 2001 .
Some have committed suicide .
His objective with regard to monetary union was twofold : to stabilise exchange rates and the development of inflation , and to bring closer a political Union in which Europe’s citizens would be guaranteed prosperity and welfare .
At the same time , however , a number of large Member States got into difficulty and resisted interference from the Commission and the sanctions of their fellow finance ministers .
In the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs , a number of amendments to this regulation have therefore been adopted , but , as a qualified majority is required for those amendments to be adopted , the upshot could be that this regulation will not enter into force .
Why should we be so insistent on having a statute that is different from that of our counterparts in the national parliaments , unless , of course , Europe is to be thought of as a superstate , which is not what I want it to be ?
We realise that voting ‘no’ at this stage will not yield any further improvements .
I am convinced that this alone is reason enough to vote in favour , even if this is done at the wrong time .     Mr President , the two items – the Lauk report on the European Central Bank , and the report on the communication strategy on the euro – were originally to be debated jointly .
We should also be critical towards quite a few African leaders and , as the brother of the South African President , Muletsi Mbeki , did in the , have the nerve to say out loud that Africa ’s problem resides in the plundering of the continent , and is being inflicted by its own leaders .
This is something which I very much regret , but it is a conclusion that we have had to draw .
Consumers benefit from the strong euro .
I think that because we did not communicate well with the public about inflation , we lost some credibility in countries where the euro has now been introduced .
This is all exacerbated , of course , by all the commotion surrounding the Stability Pact , and so I am delighted with the amendment on that subject from the members of the Group of the European People’s Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats .
The Socialist Group in the European Parliament has also tabled a sound amendment relating to the carry-on surrounding the ongoing failure of the Lisbon process to get off the ground .
Speaking personally , I would not mind if the Commission were to intervene .
The world needs clean technology .
To improve air quality is not an easy thing to do .
I was pleased to read in the newspapers that Commissioner Dimas was furious , but have in this debate noticed very little of it so far .
The key aim of this directive is to put a stop to the trickle of trivial patents through the European Patent Office in Munich in recent years , including for pure software that can apparently be patented .
If that happens , then I think that we will live to regret the fact that it is so difficult to draft legislation in Europe , that we display a desperate lack of decisiveness and that we do not have the nerve to draft legislation which would strengthen our competitiveness globally .
Differing opinions about whether software can or cannot be patented make the legal framework ambiguous , and so the logical way forward would seem to be to introduce fresh legislation in this area .
The directive in this form entails the risk of a considerable level of litigation involving software-related innovations .
Even in the Netherlands , the debate about software patents is dubious .
I agree with the ‘Foundation for a free information infrastructure’ , which claims that software patents put the freedom of software development at risk , and that software patents , by promoting monopolisation and pushing up prices , are detrimental to innovation .
I was delighted to find another four amendments in the Rocard report