I call on the High Representative to promote a system for identifying all EU citizens sentenced to death in any country of the world and to mobilise all efforts to save them from execution .
The financial crisis has been contributing to a severe worsening of the European public 's social situation .
I would stress the crucial nature of dialogue between social partners , and the role of small and medium-sized enterprises as a driving force for the economy .
The inability of African countries - which are often weak countries that have recently emerged from conflict situations , or that lack sufficiently robust institutions or adequate resources - to apply effective public health policies and , in particular , to guarantee access to adequate health care services , constitutes a major challenge and a global responsibility .
Unfortunately , the universal right to health care is still very far from being a reality .
A real contribution to improving the health care systems of these countries would require , firstly , the immediate rejection of the so-called 'economic partnership agreements' , the implementation of which , in the manner that the EU is seeking to impose , will worsen dependence relationships and have an even greater impact on these countries ' priorities ; and also an end to their foreign debt and a proper development aid and cooperation policy .
When the Commission proposal was first introduced , the European Parliament was consulted and agreed two amendments , replacing references to the Charter of Fundamental Rights and also pointing to a high standard of social protection as an objective of the European Union , present in the existing Regulation (EC ) No 859/2003 .
His skills in the areas of public administration , the International Tax Programme and economics are outstanding , as is his vast experience in the supervision , monitoring and auditing of public accounts , and in combating fraud , both in his country and at European level .
Within this spirit , the nomination of the individuals of which it is made up must be governed by capability and independence criteria .
I also reiterate that assistance from the EGF must not replace actions which are the responsibility of companies by virtue of national law or collective agreements , nor measures restructuring companies or sectors .
Unfortunately , very little use is made of the EGF : of the EUR 500 million in funding made available through it this year , only 11 % was requested to fund aid plans for workers who have been made redundant .
Altogether , several hundred more workers have been made redundant .
The EU is an area of solidarity , and the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund ( EGF ) is a part of that .
Given that Denmark has requested assistance in respect of cases concerning 1 443 redundancies in three companies of the Danfoss Group operating in the NACE Revision 2 Divisions 27 and 28 in the NUTS II region of Syddanmark , I voted in favour of the resolution because I agree with the Commission 's proposal and with the amendments to it tabled by Parliament .
This support is essential for helping the unemployed and victims of relocations that occur in the context of globalisation .
The people most severely affected by this are the least qualified workers , in a badly depressed region that is giving political decision makers particular cause for concern .
I am in favour of abolishing barriers to the movement of people as a matter of principle , and I therefore endorse the removal of the barriers in question .
The question that arises is this : what price are the peoples of those countries paying for that ?
Albania and Bosnia and Herzegovina have also been making progress , so that as soon as they meet the exemption criteria , they can be granted exemption and come off the negative list .
It is vital to put a stop to the escalation of violence against local communities and acts of mass destruction , such as burning down houses , schools , churches or even whole villages , as has happened in the Democratic Republic of Congo .
I welcome the adoption of the ' Conflict Minerals ' law in the United States and hope that the EU can initiate similar legislation .
The international community was recently alerted to a wave of mass rapes , which we can only find repugnant and which deserve our condemnation and the strongest repudiation .
Our political group proposed calling for 'an end to the EUPOL and EUSEC missions to the DRC , which have admittedly made a negative contribution to escalating violence and the situation in the country by training security forces that have been perpetrating crimes against their own civilian population ' .
Abolition of the death penalty throughout the world is one of the European Union 's priorities .
The European Parliament was the first European institution to launch this campaign , in the early 1980s , and the EU is currently the main institutional actor in the fight against the death penalty , as well as the main source of funding for such efforts .
It therefore deserves our vehement condemnation and everyone 's unreserved commitment to its eradication I hope that more countries will join the group of states that have abandoned this practice forever .
Given the importance of oil extraction for those countries that perform it and the dangers it involves ( as can be seen from the terrible consequences of accidental oil spills ) , it is essential for the Union to create the conditions to make oil exploration as safe as possible .
It is therefore necessary and imperative to adopt a common , cross-border European system of prevention and response to oil spills .
We have to criticise the fact , however , that a resolution on this subject should completely ignore the issues of the physical limits of oil reserves ,