the whole debate .
A stable , democratic and developed Balkan region makes it easier for the Union to have a positive influence in the Middle East and in Eastern Mediterranean countries .
It is only a start , but a good start all the same .
Mr President , reconstruction not only in Kosovo but also throughout the whole of the region which is continuing to be hard hit by the repercussions of the conflict is , of the utmost importance .
The European Union , which , without a doubt , plays a pivotal role in dealing with the problems , rightly decided to widen the scope of the regulation , particularly as regards the Reconstruction Agency in the area .
For that reason , I am ashamed of the stance taken by the Commission so far .
There must be management autonomy in Pristina but this service must be powerful enough so as to be able to overcome any obstacles .
We must be more careful .
It is a very positive sign , Mr President , that for the first time Parliament has become involved in this affair .
It is not just about the rebuilding and restoration of telecommunications .
What is certain is that we do not have the right to make any more mistakes .
It is a direct attempt to fortify strongholds and to tighten control and monitoring mechanisms with a view to exercising command over the citizens and to monitoring their activities effectively as opposed to promoting citizens ' rights .
The increase in the wave of refugees cannot be dealt with by enforcing repressive measures , but by implementing an international policy which will reduce tensions and will contribute to peaceful political settlement of all differences , and will not resort , as in Kosovo , to criminal military intervention measures .
In this connection , the creation of " European Public Order " based on the Schengen principles would inevitably constitute an undemocratic arsenal which , at any given moment , could be used against political and trade unionist action , to prevent working people from reacting to any unpopular policies of the EU and of the Member States .
Similar difficulties exist for parliamentary control which means that action by the police and secret services and public security standards will remain all the more uncontrolled .
Every building within 80 to 90 kilometres of the epicentre of the earthquake is in ruins .
The material cost is huge and the earthquakes cost both Greece and Turkey dearly .
One particular part of this cost , and perhaps the most tragic , concerns the number of human beings who lost their lives , the number of families who were destroyed and the psychological shock suffered by the whole of the regions ' population , who are now filled with dread at the possibility of another earthquake .
The earthquakes seem to have destroyed houses on the one hand and built bridges between Greece and Turkey on the other .
It appears , as the speaker said previously , that every tragedy has a cathartic effect .
We refer to the resolution which we tabled concerning the need for action on a political , ethical and material level .
It is one thing to give out information to improve anti-seismic protection , for instance , and another thing to bandy about scientific information , albeit with good intentions , and to terrorise the population .
We will have to check that the aid will be used solely for that purpose and not for others .
With regard to Greece , as has already been said , the disaster was also great .
It is a fact that although governments and individual people cannot be blamed for earthquakes , the responsibility they bear for the extent of the disasters is huge , as has been proved by the earthquakes in Turkey and Greece .
As regards immediate action , it could grant generous help at no cost from funds from the unused resources of the legislated expenditure .
However , there is an urgent need for more long-term measures for tackling the problem at a European level .
I note that , aside from Greece and Turkey , other countries under threat include Albania and Italy where , just a few days ago , Mount Etna showed signs of activity .
Finally , I propose that the various public and private voluntary direct action groups for natural disasters within Europe should unite and conform to a uniform European standard .
I arrived at ten to four and as I was entering , I saw my name light up .
Mr Prodi , we shall judge your good intentions and declarations when they become proposals .
In the last scandal , which few speakers mentioned and which concerns the carcinogenic coating on tinned food , we saw no initiative from you nor did we see any ensuing determination .
We all know what the next scandal will be over : nitrate contamination of vegetables .
As regards the body you wish to establish , do not go looking for other models .
What about the World Health Organisation , Mr Prodi !
It is true that there is now an urgent need to set up a system of continuous scientific control not only for the safety , but also for the quality of food .
As part of the reform of the common agricultural policy , I wonder , Mr President , whether you should perhaps look at promoting small producers , so as to ensure better quality goods .
Mr President of the Commission , there are so many cases of food contamination that there is no way that this phenomenon is arbitrary , neither is it the simple result of human error .
Neither Mr Prodi' s statement nor the discussions so far have touched on the core of the matter .
