, that would mean that up to the age limit for which that exemption was granted only temporary passports could be issued .
As the European Data Protection Supervisor said , it is a further benefit in the fight against child trafficking .
We also reached agreement on two studies : one on the so-called 'breeder documents' , to guarantee that the documents which enable passports to be issued deserve the same trust as the passport we want to safeguard , and another on data matching in border controls , in order to be able to study the false rejection rates .
I particularly wish to thank Commissioner Barrot for the Commission 's readiness to give institutional backing to invigorating the fight against trafficking in children , as well as its readiness to collaborate in the three studies which we requested : on the reliability of children 's fingerprints , on breeder documents and on false rejection rates , which are some of the concerns that we have in relation to the implementation of these rules .
It is a case not of imposing measures on Member States , but of sharing best practices so that we can guarantee that the European passport is a secure reality on our external borders .
The professionals in this sector have been waiting a long time for the adoption of this ILO Convention on work in the fishing sector because they believe that it represents a step forward in dignifying this important strategic sector , in which some 30 million men and women work worldwide .
Therefore , we are calling for every effort to be made to ensure that the various Member States swiftly ratify the Convention , preferably before 2012 , as it will enter into force once it has been ratified by 10 of the 180 ILO member countries , eight of which must be coastal states .
As has been said here , our goal is for it to enter into force soon , preferably before 2012 , which is why we are calling for its ratification by all Member States .
He even considered that , if there had been a referendum in the Czech Republic , perhaps the result would have been identical to what occurred in Ireland , accepting that the draft Treaty might be rejected .
This amendment has the essential objective of introducing exemptions for children under 12 years of age , a derogation that is planned to last four years , so that countries with legislation that establishes a lower age limit can keep it , provided that they observe the minimum limit of six years ( in the case of Portugal , France and Estonia ) , apart from other aspects relating to the protection and security of biometric data .
We voted in favour of the compromise text , given that this measure can have positive impacts on workers in various industries , specifically the automobile and naval industries , as it minimises their exposure to quite noxious toxic agents .
According to the Scientific Committee on Health and Environmental Risks , one of the main problems related to the toxicity of DCM consists of the risk to especially vulnerable groups .
Following the vote in the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Food Safety , I support banning the use of DCM by the general public , but allowing it to be used by professionals , in safe conditions .
The Union , through the common fisheries policy , seeks to make fishing activities more effective , so that the sector , including aquaculture , is economically viable and competitive , ensures adequate living standards for the populations who depend on fishing activities and meets the interests of consumers .
It has special importance given the fact that no report on this subject has been adopted since 2003 .
Firstly , there is the supervision of the protection of these rights at national level .
For this reason , and because I disagree with much of the content , I voted against this report .
In short , the report strays into areas of political struggle that have nothing to do with fundamental rights , thereby stripping it of credibility , consistency and effectiveness .
Contrary to the EP , we do not consider it 'regrettable ' that the United States is not represented in the UNHRC , firstly because of its constant breaches of human rights and international law and also because they did not present their candidature to avoid the shame of not being elected .
It is , above all , a question of language .
Otherwise , I cannot believe that we can or should have as a standard for our values and our actions something that is decided in such a context .
Respect for international law and the UN resolutions by Israel , the end of the occupation , the settlements , the segregation wall , the assassinations , the detentions , the exploitation and the innumerable humiliations that are inflicted on the Palestinian people !
That is perfectly obvious to anyone who does not keep their eyes closed .
In Eritrea , the wrath of the government against anyone who tries to exercise the most basic human rights is even more shameless .
An example is the nomination of the Mediterranean diet as Intangible Cultural Heritage of Humanity , which is to be examined by the responsible committee within UNESCO in 2009 .
The measures should give added value to traditional and artisanal products and encourage the development of local markets .
The right of the Palestinians to live in a free territory , administered by itself , in peace , democracy and respect for human rights is also inalienable .
Israel , determined to legitimately guarantee its security , continues with the fighting in spite of this tragic result .
Realism is an integral part of foreign policy .
