The potential role of medium-sized towns , serving as regional centres , deserves special attention .
The very nature of the reform measures announced ( subsidy for each tree , and no intervention in the market ) should have triggered such a debate in professional circles before the proposals were unceremoniously presented .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , we have heard the Commissioner 's comments , and she has explained that , on the grounds of necessity and urgency , she was asked to take immediate steps to control cases of fraudulent diversion .
It is worth recalling that the Commission should have submitted a report on the working of the system of aids in the olive oil sector to the Council before 1 January 1995 , as laid down in Council Regulation 2261/84 .
Abolition of the intervention system will also mean that producers have to bear the cost of market management , which violates the principle of solidarity .
Logically , therefore , we have voted for a process which we believe to be necessary , and we think that ultimately the Commission must introduce this discussion paper .
Why will it not comply with Regulation 2261/84 , which requires it to table a prior report on the working of the system of aids to production ?
We therefore feel that the joint declarations by the European Parliament and Commission should be replaced by a much closer and stronger interinstitutional dialogue , involving a periodical examination of the legislative programme by the Conference of Presidents .
Mr President , I wish to begin by congratulating both rapporteurs , but I wish to focus on the report by Mrs McNally .
However , I would like to point out that Mrs McNally 's proposal has resisted the temptation which we usually give into in this Parliament , viz . to tighten the screw much harder than the agreement reached in the common position of the Council .
Mr President of the Court Auditors , although I must congratulate you on the value of your Institution 's report , I am afraid that this might harm its image .
We cannot build a Europe dealing with television companies as if they were some other means of production or as if their products were like Coca-Cola , ignoring the huge public service component .
Finally , I should like to add that quotas are something which also affect States with minority languages , nationalities and regions which could also ask for quotas in those languages .
In other words , we substantially agree with the position of the Commission .
From the point of view of regional policy , we have studied this report very closely and it must be recognised that it does have positive parts on which we congratulate Mrs Hautala .
The second amendment stated that a footnote in the annex - footnote 1- would apply to the new category 3 a which had been created for watercolours , gouache drawings and pastels .
The European Parliament has an essential obligation to support all of these Commission proposals since it must be acknowledged that the latter is producing them at short notice and in the spirit and letter of the Maastricht Treaty .
I think that this is an essential idea which we must develop .
Therefore it is vital to have this instrument in order to take appropriate action .
He bases all of this on one question , which should be the only one used as a guideline by us , the representatives of citizens , in relation to public health : what are the needs of European citizens ?
Once again this House requests that it receive the Commission proposal positively and that it enrich it with the amendments tabled by the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Protection .
In any case , we hope that it is decided to maintain the ones that are really significant for this report .
This did not happen , as is crystal clear from the huge number of amendments .
What has it done to encourage the development of renewable energy sources such as solar energy ?
What in those years were demands by minority groups have now become the programmes of governments , which we are currently implementing .
I remember two or three years ago a study by the Commission itself showed that probably only 20 % of environmental impact assessments were rigorous and that in some cases - this happens in my country , in accordance with the cultural differences Mrs Dybkjær spoke of - the companies themselves commission the teams which are going to carry out these assessments .
Firstly , it establishes a clear legal framework vis-à-vis the right of the stronger , i .e . through requiring respect for legal rules adopted by agreement , and which have also been referred to by Mr Moniz , particularly in connection with the textile sector .
I would like to conclude my intervention by calling for a detailed examination of those points in which he advocates fair competition , the power to apply measures to those rules which distort access or which are subject to fraud or which constitute de facto discrimination of a social , labour or commercial nature likely to cause serious harm to the textile industry and its possibilities within the European Union .
The objectives of any intervention on the part of the international community must also include the convening of an international conference aimed at finding long-term solutions to the fundamental problems which exist in the Great Lakes region .
Madam President , first of all I would like to congratulate Commissioner Bonino for having visited the Great Lakes region at such short notice , for her sensitivity vis-à-vis the situation - and I refer here not only to her political sensitivity -, for her determination regarding the need for humanitarian involvement and for