interference from you and without interference inside Serbia .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the fact that we are debating the code of conduct is a positive step .
Rather , as has already been said , they are far more concerned that their weapons will end up in the wrong hands , or that their acts of aggression will accept enemy fire from weapons they have made themselves .
The arms trade is characterised by the fact that the major purchasers are poor countries , which seem to be able to find the money for arms but not for anything else .
We must seek out the producers , who must be made to defend themselves and to explain what they have done with their entire weapons production , because usually weapons smuggling starts with the producer and not with any other sector .
We cannot take practical decisions based on false information and distorted realities .
I also wanted to congratulate you on your initiative in introducing the female dimension into the Councils because , as we see on a daily basis , women ' s issues are special issues , not just a necessary dimension to every policy .
My final comment concerns the situation of women in the countries preparing to join the European Union .
Mr President , what we refer to here and what has been referred to for a century as the women ' s problem is approached from two different angles , as the debate here in the House today has demonstrated .
Honourable Members , Mrs Péry , the President-in-Office , has given us a superb analysis of the priorities of the French Presidency , which we all believe will be particularly important priorities .
I should like to remind the House that the Commission ' s legislative proposal due for debate calls for annual reports from the Member States on the subject of positive action because we really do believe that these reports are political tools for three reasons .
Firstly , they give us a picture of the situation .
Thirdly , because they form the basis for strategy , both for the European Union - even in the Charter of Fundamental Rights the fact that we had a picture of the current situation played an important role - and at national level , given that the Member States are able to use the comparative assessment to set national targets .
The second interesting comment concerns the wage differential between men and women which , at European level , is hovering at the unacceptable level of 23 % to 24 % and , in some regions of Europe , is as high as 40 % .
However , I need your help here .
Finally , as far as enlargement is concerned , it is of course , as Mrs Péry has said , a question of acquis communautaire .
I should like , once again , to thank Mrs Dybkjær for the excellent , in-depth work contained in her report , which will be most useful to us in our next report , and I should like especially to thank the French Presidency and Mrs Péry for being so pro-active on the issue of equality during their presidency .
The Commission text and the report contain a number of accurate findings as regards the adverse impact on the psychological makeup and developing personality of children and , consequently , on the dangers in store for tomorrow ' s society as the result of their watching these programmes and using these products .
And , assuming that they can afford these filtering devices , how are parents supposed to protect their children from so-called children ' s programmes , the majority of which contain scenes of violence and some of which are scarier than horror films ?
We do agree with a number of interesting proposals on protecting children in the Angelilli report , such as the need for a detailed study into the moral and legal aspects of the protection of minors .
What I mean is that these proposals are contained in a non-binding Commission communication , while the binding " Television without frontiers " ; directive (97/36/ÅC ) to which they refer is being infringed time and again by almost every Member State .
If all these proposals are to be translated from theory into practice , we need to create filtering and classification mechanisms which allow parents to select the programmes which are suitable for their children .
Interestingly , this is the first time that the need for the Commission ' s annual reports to go further in its evaluation of the efficacy of political initiatives has been identified .
Equal opportunities at work , equal social participation , equality in health and elsewhere are impossible within a framework of reactionary policies offensive to human dignity as a whole , without equal social prospects , in a society of unemployment and underemployment , with no welfare state , a society in which human values are costed and commercialised .
They are the first to fall foul of cuts in public spending , privatisation of the health sector , the right to health care and medical attention - never mind the right to prevention and information programmes .
They work in conditions which are bad for their physical , mental and spiritual health , conditions which affect women more than men because they have to juggle so many duties and take on double and triple social roles .
A policy of fundamental protection for women cannot be implemented unless we redirect and radically restructure our social development model .
I am convinced that this tiny country in the Balkans deserves the undivided support of the European Union and I trust that an association and stability agreement will be signed before the end of the French Presidency