been members of the European Union , Norway and Iceland , were the first to establish , on a regional basis , an area for the free movement of persons .
Who could have imagined , 45 years ago , that this would be possible ?
The idea is that these will be replaced by the mutual recognition of court sentences and the simple transfer of persons guilty of committing crimes , a step , Commissioner , which will create a single European area for extradition .
The Swedish initiative that we are considering today does not contain , as Mr Marinho has already stated , major substantive provisions , specifically in the field of extradition , and seeks mainly to clarify the relationship between the various positions on extradition at European Union level and involve Iceland and Norway in the implementation of these provisions .
According to statements made by the Russian customs authorities themselves in August 2000 , almost 80 % of Community subsidies for exports to that country , currently being examined by OLAF , have proved to be fraudulent .
The Commission assured us , even in the context of the last budgetary discharge and on the Fléchard procedure , that exports to Russia in particular , were now being properly monitored .
These projects are intended to ensure cooperation between police forces , the information services and data filing systems , without any democratic control , under a restrictive and xenophobic immigration policy that infringes individual freedoms .
The need to develop such a policy was underlined during the Euro-Mediterranean Conference of Ministers of Foreign Affairs held in Brussels on 5-6 November this year .
The Commission is currently studying these proposals and hopes to be in a position to respond to the proposals fairly soon .
For the part that lies with us , there seems at times to be a kind of European self-inhibition , perhaps due even to the geo-strategic primacy , and not only that , of the United States throughout the American continent .
It should also be noted that , although the Commission is backing the privatisation of transport services , part of these services will continue to be supported by public money , which is unacceptable .
For countries like Portugal , this proposal could have highly detrimental effects on a sector that has already been affected by other , equally detrimental measures , and we have therefore voted against it .
Without being able to share in knowledge and take part in programmes , the less favoured regions will be left a long way from economic and social convergence .
Furthermore , the creation of embryos by transferring cell nuclei would facilitate cloning for reproductive purposes , which is generally considered to be aberrant .
Now that there are serious problems in the industry , which is of strategic importance to the European Union , particularly to ensure the security of supply on appropriate terms and to prevent excessive dependence on external sources , it has become necessary to support the European shipbuilding industry against unfair practices by Korea .
In Korea it is not even a question of protectionism : it is a massive violation of WTO rules .
The banks have perfected their credit and debit card and electronic purse payment systems at a national level , they have perfected their international operations , and they have forgotten about the euro area .
Implementation of the regulation must not , in any event , cause domestic charges to rise .
We hope that , after the decision of the Ghent European Council , this legislation will be approved as quickly as possible .
That is for the sceptics .
Now , the fishermen will be able to get EUR 10 000 euros over one year if they do not do any other work .
For this reason , too , we are grateful for the report by Mrs Miguélez Ramos .
It is , therefore , important that the next Budgetary Council should stop blocking and take these proposals into account , creating the solution that will allow the fleet restructuring programme to come into force early next year .
Secondly , an envelope of this kind should also include funding for the economic conversion of the areas most affected by fishing , and include in this compensation framework collateral activities such as the processing industry .
I also hope that this House will approve the proposal by the Committee on Fisheries and that the Council will do the job it has to do .
At the same time , however , the Member States have given new commitments , with the definition , in Nice , of the objectives of the fight against poverty , and in Stockholm , where they committed themselves to promoting sustainable development and quality jobs , confirming their desire to thereby contribute to reducing the risk of poverty and social exclusion .
A decision was also reached on promoting innovative approaches and financial support for actions undertaken by NGOs , which has increased from 80 % to 90 % in exceptional circumstances .
I was not able to take part in yesterday ' s vote on the Caudron report , and consequently did not spot a mistake that I would like to point out to my fellow Members .
This argument is irrational and lacks objectivity .
, in writing .
Nevertheless , this feet-dragging over unfair competition , now with South Korea , is allowing business to shift to the Far East , leading to the eradication of all shipbuilding activity in the European Union , including repairs and renovation as well as the building of new vessels .
2 ) The creation of a single system for the registration , evaluation and authorisation of chemicals ( REACH) , replacing the current system that treats new substances and existing ones differently .
