voice , that Parliament should call for more resolute endeavours such as an international agreement , perhaps , as proposed by the resolution .
Part of the responsibility for this unlawful situation lies with the European Commission , for the US legislation requiring the disclosure of this information dates back to November 2001 and was updated in May 2002 , while the system did not enter into force until March 2003 .
Mr President , Commissioner , flexibility is highly appropriate in negotiations but highly inappropriate when it comes to respect for the law .
The timeframe is not for us to decide : it is - and , in my opinion , should be - the timeframe laid down by Article 232 of the Treaty , which stipulates a period of two months from our request for action .
The success of the new method is shown by the fact that efforts to reconcile the positions of all the parties involved on the most controversial points were being made up until the very last day .
This groundplan has dictated one of the Italian Presidency 's main objectives : to conduct the Intergovernmental Conference at a high political level and to a tight schedule so as to reach a comprehensive overall agreement on the constitutional text by December .
Giving the European Union a Constitution is a challenge , and not just for certain Member States or for the Italian Presidency , whose task it is to steer the Council through this phase .
With regard to the meetings of Heads of State or Government , the Italian Presidency undertakes to make every effort to secure agreement on ways of involving the President of Parliament much more and of keeping him much better informed than at previous Intergovernmental Conferences .
Your support will therefore be crucial in the coming months , which will see the enlarged Europe enter its constitutional phase , the crowning point of the long process that was begun by the founding fathers with the Treaties of Paris and Rome and which should lead us to ever closer union between our states and our citizens .
I am , therefore , referring to issues that are purely institutional .
It is a complicated work , complex and , I fear , ineffectual .
It may be that we Europeans will improve our standard of living , but others will suffer for our small-minded actions , our great mediocrity , precisely because we have decided to remain merely a great economic power .
It can do this thanks to the careful and impartial analysis provided by the report by Mr Gil-Robles Gil-Delgado and Mr Tsatsos : an analysis advocating turning to account of all the innovations , progress and potential offered by the Convention 's draft .
Parliament , through its Committee on Constitutional Affairs , will follow the Intergovernmental Conference with the utmost attention and vigilance .
It should , first and foremost , enshrine the value of the protection and development of our cultural identities to preserve an ethno-cultural , historical and linguistically unique heritage in the world .
For us citizens of Padania , it is unacceptable that a European Constitution should , instead of drawing its inspiration from the historical root of Charlemagne , appear to take the euro-dollar relationship as its only spiritual guiding principle .
I am an optimist and I am personally convinced that no one will want to be responsible for undoing the work of the Convention and for wiping out the hope of having a Europe that is politically strong and independent at last , a Europe that can play the part of the power required to balance an international situation dominated today by the United States , with the prospect of an increase in China 's power in the future .
I am not saying that we should renounce the secular nature of the institutions ; on the contrary , we would be reinforcing this inalienable characteristic , remembering the command given in the gospels to 'give to Caesar what is Caesar 's and to God what is God 's ' .
I believe that a text that has such broad backing cannot easily be modified by the Intergovernmental Conference , except in some minor aspects .
Nevertheless , what we are calling on to unite Europe must not divide it .
I believe that , over and above the formal aspects - and I would not be sorry if a reference to Christian values could be included - and over and above the terms used , it is important to note that the text that has emerged , and is emerging as it develops , respects these values .
Perhaps these very citizens should be involved in the evolution of Europe to a greater extent ; perhaps it falls to us to recognise rights and to ensure that , through an important principle - justified expenditure , effective and appropriate bureaucracy - the divide between the institutions and civil society can be bridged .
Regarding my second point , the reference to God and Christianity , I find the uncompromising position of certain sections of this House incomprehensible ; indeed , it is in conflict with the opinion of the overwhelming majority of the population .
I believe , on the other hand , that it is right to take on board the general sense of direction and the suggestions relating to transparency , first and foremost , and , from this point of view , I can assure you that the Presidency will make every endeavour to ensure the participation of the entire European public , not least by setting up a special web site .
Mr President , I did not vote for this report because I believe that this issue should be the competence of national states and legislation without interference from Brussels .
