we usually try to restrict .
Those countries that have not ratified the Århus Convention must , of course , take an independent decision as to whether or not they wish to do so .
The resolution contains political views concerning energy issues and the Kyoto Protocol , as well as instructions as to the way in which third countries such as China , India and the United States should act .
That is something to which we object , in spite of a number of good intentions in the proposed resolution .     We have chosen to abstain from voting on this matter .
We support the Swedish Government’s position on the Sudan issue .     Important though it is to improve the conditions in relation to democracy and human rights in Central Asia , we believe that this is not a task for the EU because this region is not in the EU’s immediate vicinity .
There is a belief that the building of a federal EU will create peace , with NATO’s role in Europe and the world being simultaneously reduced .
There are also many other things to add to a resolution dealing with the end of the Second World War .
We particularly object to the wordings in paragraphs 1 , 7 and 8 of the draft resolution .
We have therefore chosen to vote against the resolution as a whole .     We support the report’s general purpose : that of liberalising international trade .
The liberalisation of trade policy must go hand in hand with fundamental reform of the CAP.     We Swedish Social Democrats have chosen to vote in favour of the report on the assessment of the Doha Round following the WTO agreement .
We are opposed to all the attempts to make it more difficult for developing countries to sell their products within the EU.
Facts can be distorted , and a mere selection of facts can be presented in order to influence people .
Some of the EU institutions ’ information material goes beyond what may be regarded as factual information , and some of the information about the EU aimed at children and young people should never have been given out .
Unfortunately , these are no isolated phenomena .
We must have plans for dealing with disasters , but the big plan expected of us in this House today by future generations is one designed to combat climate change .
We must not adjust policy in the wake of disasters .
I therefore hope that , on behalf both of future generations of Spaniards and of people in the rest of the world , the Spanish Government will now place itself in the forefront of combating climate change on our earth .     Mr President , Commissioner , Mr PresidentinOffice of the Council .
We need good relations in order to be able to achieve stability , security and prosperity throughout the European continent .
Our partnership has not , however , been without its problems , and it is pleasing that , at the summit on 10 May , we succeeded in agreeing upon cooperation within the Four Common Spaces .
The PresidentinOffice of the Council , Mr  Juncker , said that the EU and Russia had still not embarked upon their honeymoon but that there was true love between the two .
Political parties have been marginalised , and there have been restrictions upon freedom of expression and the free media .
The situation in our common neighbourhood has in many ways been gratifying .
The problems in terms of cooperation are not , however , only due to Russia .
This does not give a helpful picture of the EU and creates confusion on the Russian side .
Terrible atrocities are taking place against civilians in Chechnya .
Because of its size and geographical position and because it is our neighbour , Russia is an incredibly important partner .
We support Russia’s ambitions to join the WTO , together with the reforms that this will entail .
In order to move forwards , we need to be able to put the past behind us , but , in order to do that , a process of reconciliation is required .
We have a limited ability to influence developments .
A coherent strategy with a common message , instead of oneman shows by individual leaders , is the only way of conducting a credible policy towards Russia .     Mr President , Commissioner McCreevy , ladies and gentlemen , I wish to thank the rapporteur for the fact that we now have a report and for the fact that the European Parliament too is getting to overall grips with combating money laundering and the financing of terrorism .
In the Committee on Civil Liberties , Justice and Home Affairs , on which I sit , we have agreed that it is not enough for us to work at combating terrorism as a crime , but that we must also look into the causes of the global spread of terrorism and into where the money comes from .
I hope that the directive will lead to wider discussion in our home countries of what is known as dirty money .
It was to the report’s credit that the committee voted unanimously in favour of the report .
In addition to continuity , to which attention is also drawn by the report , it is also necessary to integrate the equality perspective into all policy areas .
This is an area in which we can genuinely do something at European level because vehicles are sold throughout Europe and not only within individual countries .
Why do we need legislation ?
Nor does it define what is meant by rigid bull bars .
Why , then , should we not completely ban bull bars ?
They are of no value in cities , however .
