without trial and without charges .
Responsibility for this situation rests entirely with the Eritrean Government .
On 18 September 2009 , the Presidency , acting on behalf of the European Union , issued a very clear statement in which we reiterated our demand for the unconditional release of all political prisoners and stated that Eritrea 's actions are in clear breach of the obligations laid down in the UN International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights , which Eritrea has ratified .
Human rights are a key element in relations between the EU and Eritrea .
It is an ongoing process that is progressing desperately slowly , but we hope that this can be a tool we can use to make progress .
We are continuing to work with all the channels we know of , but we do not have access to the prison .
We have made a very clear statement .
Against this background , we have already held three major events .
The third event was the Global Expert Meeting on Alcohol , Health and Social Development held on 23 September .
Thus , with regard to the question 'will the Swedish Presidency seek to ensure that the strategy is assessed without delay ? ' the answer is yes ; adoption of a strategy within the EU in 2006 was an important step .
Even though we have seen progress in many areas , there has been far too little time to assess the full scale of the impact on health of alcohol policy and drinking habits .
We will monitor progress .
We have also funded a number of new studies with a view to ensuring that alcohol remains high on the EU 's agenda .
Based on this debate , the Presidency aims to adopt Council conclusions to support an alcohol strategy in December 2009 .
The intention was for there to be an interim report , which of course is just as important and which we will look at and analyse , but that the final assessment would come in 2012 .
All of the EU Member States and the European Community are party to the United Nations Espoo Convention of 1991 .
Natura 2000 areas could be affected , as well as areas where there are mines and where chemical ammunition has been dumped .
The Council would nevertheless like to stress that the Nord Stream project is a private undertaking .
We are very vigilant when it comes to the sensitive environment in the Baltic Sea , which is , of course , at risk from any type of project that is to be carried out , and therefore we have imposed very stringent environmental requirements on precisely this project , and it is now in the process of being examined and scrutinised by various relevant authorities .
Subject : Elimination of barriers to the free movement of labour between Member States The Swedish Presidency of the Council has recognised that , in the current economic crisis , the key priority is that Member States must be able to respond jointly to challenges and find solutions for overcoming the economic and financial crisis and , above all , reducing unemployment and its adverse social consequences .
The Council would like to point out that the free movement of people is one of the fundamental rights guaranteed in Community legislation and includes the right of EU citizens to live and work in another Member State .
The Council also pointed out to the Member States that priority must be given to citizens from Member States over labour from outside the EU , and that the protection of citizens from new Member States who were already resident and employed in a Member State will remain during the transitional periods .
In November 2008 , the Commission put forward a communication on the impact of free movement of workers in the context of EU enlargement .
The Commission concludes that restrictions applied by the Member States may delay labour market adjustments and even exacerbate the incidence of undeclared work .
The free movement of labour is an important priority for the European Union .
With regard to the transitional period for free movement that the honourable Member asked about , the Member States have the right to retain their restrictions up to the end of the third phase of the transitional period .
The most recent review was at its meeting in June 2009 , when the Council took note of the Commission 's information on the impact of free movement in the context of EU enlargement .
I would like to thank the honourable Member .
As I said previously , we carried out such a review earlier this year .
I am not sufficiently informed about the precise situation in Austria .
In my country , Sweden , which is also experiencing very high unemployment , we have not seen any link at all between free movement and unemployment .
While flying over the island of Farmakonisi , the helicopter received radio interference from Turkish radar at Datça , demanding that it withdraw from the area and submit a flight plan .
Yes , the Council is aware of the incidents that the Member refers to .
I would like to assure the honourable Member that the issue of good neighbourly relations is brought up by the EU on a systematic basis , most recently at the Association Council meeting on 19 May and at the meeting between the EU troika and Turkey 's political leaders in Stockholm in July this year .
It is aimed at preventing impermissible border crossings by persons coming from or transiting Turkey and countries in North Africa and trying to reach the Greek coast .
With regard to operational cooperation between Frontex and the competent Turkish authorities , negotiations are currently being conducted concerning working methods .
That is very positive