During the debate in Parliament this morning , it was that agreement and that understanding - which it had been possible for both the Commission and the Council to accept and which had been reached on this issue specifically relating to unpaid blood donation - that our rapporteur ran away from .
This matter has proceeded in a quite unsatisfactory way , and I am pleased that , as late as this morning , Commissioner Byrne confirmed my reading of the matter and the agreement which Mr Nisticò ran away from this morning .
We must have time to discover how we are to resolve this matter .
I should still like us to solve it in such a way that we avoid a protracted debate in the Conciliation Committee of an extremely difficult matter .
Madam President , this report is a technical stage in the Eurocrats ' protracted efforts to develop a political , parliamentary division of the European Union .
Through these manoeuvres , aimed at developing a political and parliamentary division , the intention is to create a European political identity .
It is like a builder starting with the top floor and building downwards , rather than beginning at ground level .
They are succeeded by a long list of initiatives regarding European political parties , but politics is not founded on the basis of preconceived resolutions concerning a European construction whose top floor presumably belongs in the stratosphere .
All too many people are affected by deadly diseases such as malaria and AIDS , a fact which threatens the growth and development we all desire .
The way forward is more growth and prosperity in the developing countries - growth and prosperity which must be combined with sustainability .
There are two factors crucial to growth and prosperity .
It is tariff barriers , and not free trade , which create poverty .
We must also require something of the developing countries , however .
We must secure international agreements on environmental protection and the fight against deadly diseases .
Unfortunately , the rich countries often put obstacles in the way of developing countries ' growth , especially by demanding duties , setting up obstacles to trade under cover of environmental regulations and subsidising their own agricultural production .
There is a need for a fundamental change of course .
Our challenge and task are to get all the rich countries to comply with the UN 's objective whereby 0.7 % of Gross National Product would be granted by way of development aid , but we must go on making demands of the developing countries in terms of economic reforms and better governance .
In Johannesburg , we must take a decisive step in the direction of a global reform programme for freedom and prosperity .
We owe that to the future , and it is something which Parliament and the EU must work for .
Mr President , the World Conference on Sustainable Development in Johannesburg could provide a unique opportunity for creating sustainable development , economically , socially and in environmental terms , for future generations , but it requires the rich world to sacrifice something in the interests of such development .
It shows the rich world 's unwillingness to commit itself when it comes to the key issues of globalisation , trade and development .
The developing countries are therefore justified in expecting these issues to be dealt with .
The rich countries have so far been very dismissive , however .
The EU has staked a certain amount of prestige on making a success of the world summit but , as is clear from the speech by the President-in-Office of the Council , it has quite simply been insufficiently prepared .
Hopefully , we shall have agreed , in as little as two weeks ' time in Seville , to take entirely practical initiatives .
For Denmark , the world summit will be the first big international event of its EU Presidency and also a test of that presidency .
Access to our markets is the key to the developing countries ' being able to compete successfully , but it is no use the EU 's making unduly strict demands of the developing countries as a condition of free trade , and they must certainly not be used as an excuse for the EU 's and the United States 's maintaining obstacles to trade .
The developing countries must be given a pledge of free and fair trade .
As the country holding the presidency of the EU , Denmark should insist on all countries ' complying with the UN 's objective whereby 0.7 % of Gross National Product is to be donated by way of aid to developing countries .
Mr President , I should like to begin by thanking Mrs Hautala for the huge amount of work she has done on this report , and also the Commission for having made an active contribution to its success .
I think that , with this report and the work that has been done , we have passed a milestone in the EU 's journey to equality .
There are a number of countries which really had not adopted a position on this issue before .
Finally , we have obtained the option of making positive special arrangements in cases where these are required by one or other gender .
All in all , I think the result is splendid .
We now come to the series of commitments assumed by the Member States in connection with this directive , and I want specifically to highlight the equality monitoring bodies , as they are called .
I also believe , however , that we have to say that we shall be keeping an eye on this issue in our own countries , because it is something that the Member States can easily avoid tackling .
I nonetheless believe that it is up to all of us