Commissioner !
And then we are forced to rely on the talks .
Where is the initiative taken by Europe , where is González ?
In the common position , the Council took on board nearly all of our amendments , which is why we can say that we are partially satisfied .
Ladies and gentlemen , you will remember that about a year ago Parliament approved by an overwhelming majority the first resolution on the matter in which there was full endorsement of the idea of elaborating a code of conduct on various tax issues and in particular on the taxation of company profits , a code that has since been created and is already operational , as I will explain in a moment .
The nature of these three provisions in itself illustrates one of the fundamental aspects of the new approach , which is that of following soft procedures - if I can use that term - adapted to each of the specific matters without claiming to have found the solution to all the problems by way of the harmonizing directives .
I will therefore conclude by saying that the working party that is preparing to set about its task should also set itself the objective of defining the instruments and strategies for a serious European policy of tax moderation , failing which , from our point of view , we will not have the means to rekindle development and there will be neither social justice nor economic democracy .
These oases spark off competition , and the competition system hampers the healthy and harmonious management of taxation which would create the results we are seeking , including in terms of economic progress and growth .
Two points are of great concern to me , and they are the subject of amendments that the rapporteur has received .
Cardiff is an ambitionless Summit that only seeks to identify the problems without proposing any solutions .
The Kohl and Chirac initiative has reopened old issues on points of discord like the decentralization of Community decisions or even institutional reforms .
I consider it fundamental to implement the strategy to develop and promote the European agricultural sector according to a model capable of reconciling purely economic interests with the requirements of environmental protection , with the social implications of development and with the importance of safeguarding regional agricultural production .
Schroedter report ( A4-0210/98 ) Mr President , the world reacted to the nuclear testing by India and Pakistan thinking that we had returned to the strategy of dissuasion , with the threat of reciprocal destruction ; there was talk of the desire to acquire nuclear power status and of the possibility of a conventional war leading to a nuclear war .
If not , it will simply persist .
Mr President , the National Alliance Group will vote in favour of the proposal for a joint resolution to appoint an International Tribunal for War Crimes .
The Commission appreciates the fact that in it he highlights the progress made in monitoring and managing resources and the Commission 's own desire to make further progress .
In this regard , the Commission is trying to strike a balance between the need to create conditions that prevent abuses and the preoccupation - perhaps you ladies and gentlemen can understand me here - with not saddling the Union 's fishermen with constraints that would put them at a disadvantage in relation to fishermen from other coastal States along the Baltic Sea .
In conclusion , I would like to make two additional observations regarding technical measures in the Baltic Sea .
Of these imports , 65 per cent are not subject to customs duties and there are also hygiene and sanitary problems .
From this point of view , I believe that it is very useful to encourage a biological rest period , forms of subsidiarity in the work and possibilities of guaranteeing income - in addition to the work directly related to fishing - which will also enhance some of the anthropological aspects of the fisheries sector , of the relationship between fishermen and the sea which , if the commercial and economic logic prevails , risks being increasingly lost .
I am referring to a point to which I draw your particular attention and to which I am sure you are sensitive : the use of dolphins in military experiments .
Well , in my opinion , given the insufficient amount of raw materials produced by the Community , we must now guarantee that the processing industry is supplied at internationally quoted prices and avoid a situation where , in cases of bilateral cooperation agreements , we are forced to barter the total elimination of customs duties on finished products for the signing of fisheries agreements , such as that with Morocco .
For example , many of you , during this debate , have told me that it would be beneficial to develop aquaculture not only in our own area , but also in the developing countries and therefore in line with our bilateral agreements .
What about the quality policy , and indeed other motions which have been tabled , such as the controlled source proposal ?
Because in the fishing industry that is how things always are ; as soon as you open a debate on a particular issue , we have to say a little something about everything .
Take the subject of funds , for example .
To me , there is nothing new in this .
During the debate , I detected two particular persuasions which are typical and traditional , and two objectives that are occasionally contradictory .
I have said this before and I want to remind you of it again today .
The problem is , however , that I am being asked to allocate special aid facilities to help the sector along , virtually to the detriment of other sectors