reduce taxes , but rather , while achieving balanced budgets and no deficit , we must adjust our current public expenditure and increase public investment in viable projects , modernising our infrastructures , supporting technological research and development , involving research institutes and universities in private initiative and promoting training and knowledge in our society .
The Treaty makes it very clear that our model is based on a single monetary policy and on national , but coordinated , economic policies .
With regard to the content of the coordination , I think it is worth expanding on certain points .
This would certainly be a key element if we are to be able to act within a time frame similar to that available to other economic authorities .
Let us take one case : the tax reduction measures adopted last year as a result of the oil crisis .
Until now , it has more or less been considered that we had two processes which did not necessarily converge .
However - and this is a point which I also wanted to comment on - it is true that we should not overly complicate the procedures .
We believe , like you , that they must play a fundamental role , both at times of growth and at times of slow-down of the economy .
The idea we are working with at the moment - and on the basis of your report , as you know , progress has already been made on some points - is not that reference be made by means of a short paragraph on the stability programmes , but that the stability programmes annually take up the necessary data to carry out an adequate evaluation of the evolution of public finances in relation to problems of ageing .
Anyway , leaving that aside , I believe that the discussion of the annual report on competition policy is a good opportunity to consider a debate on the progress and guidelines relating to this important European policy .
Once the Commission has taken its decision , I believe that there is no need for , and we should remove , the section relating to the prohibition of public companies investing capital in companies from the liberalised sectors - think of the conflict between Electricité de France and Hidrocantábrico - which Mr Agag introduces in his desire to stick up for and assist certain positions of the Spanish government .
For example , taking into account in product safety not only the producers ' liability but also that of the distributors ; clear information on the possible risks in the languages of the different States of the Union ; faster exchange of information ; greater cooperation between Member States to prevent dangerous products from reaching the market ; and also , the withdrawal of products which are considered dangerous , even if they are already being marketed .
There is also an agreement on comitology which in this case is not what Parliament wanted either , but there is a proposal of continued and regular information to the European Parliament and the Council .
Therefore , Mr President , despite the rapporteur ' s great regret that the express ban on the export of unsafe products to the Third World has not been included in the directive , I believe , as I said in the beginning , that it is not the best proposal for the Council and the Commission , perhaps it is not the best one for Parliament either , but it is the result of a conciliation procedure in which a very fruitful dialogue has indeed taken place between all the institutions and with which I am very satisfied .
The rapporteur rightly indicates in paragraph 13 of the resolution the fact that demanding structural changes of these countries sometimes prevents them from using sufficient public funds for the health services .
Some , like mine , do not give 0.25 % .
In two years , hunger caused more deaths than the two world wars put together .
The problem is poverty throughout a large part of the world .
For all these diseases which today can be cured and eradicated , there are drugs .
Madam President , I request that the rapporteur and all the Members accept the following oral amendment with a view to replacing the original text of recital H with the following : Whereas an urgent review of the " Television without frontiers " Directive is necessary .
The European Union has been concerned with Colombia for a long time .
I know that the Commission and the Council are restricted in terms of achieving such results .
In actual fact , they are grouped together more for what they are not than for what they are .
This heterogeneity is evident in many other respects and the most noteworthy of these is their sparse and irregularly distributed population .
The Azores , Madeira and the Canary Islands did not have any colonial status at any time in their history , which is why they should be expressly excluded from this statement by the rapporteur , and I hope that the House and the rapporteur himself can accept this request .
Improving the security of transport users and transported goods was and must continue to be one of the Union ' s priorities for action in coming years .
Parliament has a duty to support the Commission on these proposals to restore the public confidence and safety that have been lost .
This Parliament warned that it was dangerous to allow these undertakings for collective investment in transferable securities - which , I repeat monopolise the market in public savings - to move into deeper waters without any guarantee that their ships were prepared for what would be a more daring day ' s sailing than they had hitherto embarked on .
