For 26 years I have exercised no profession other than journalism ' .
His colleagues describe him as a journalist with integrity , who never exploited his profession for personal gain .
Granted its sensitivity towards issues related to human rights and democratic liberties , the European Parliament must today call for the immediate release of Isik Yurçu and all imprisoned Turkish journalists .
The recommendations in Mr Holm 's report are indeed very topical .
This will give us a special opportunity to examine new initiatives concerning professional training , research and the export of energy technologies to that area .
The European energy market has essentially become saturated , since for the next 15 years its development is expected to fluctuate between approximately 1 % and 2 % per year .
For energy agencies and European industrial enterprises , greater penetration into Asian markets is very important .
I cannot , however , agree with criticisms relating to inadequate analysis of the situation in the energy sector in Asian countries .
And all these data build a healthy basis for the development of our strategy on cooperation between Europe and Asia .
The report by Mr Holm also mentions that for energy cooperation with Asia to succeed , it must be developed in a mutually beneficial way .
I believe we are in full agreement with the priority given to the support of rational environmental alternative energy possibilities .
In parallel , large-scale deforestation exacerbates pressures on the environment of certain countries .
Besides , other priorities for cooperation in the energy sector are the modernization of electrical power supply , the promotion of natural gas , and of course , the improvement of energy efficiency .
Now , as for the particular question raised by Mr Holm concerning the Korean Energy Development Organization (KEDO ) , I would like to remind you that the European Parliament has already adopted a positive position on participation by EURATOM in that , granted that the related budgetary items for 1996 and 1997 have been approved .
Mr President , on behalf of the European People 's Party I must first congratulate Mr Schlechter on his report and say that we will vote for it , even though we are not in full agreement with some of the resolution 's orders .
We are now talking of the loss of 50 , 000 people per year in Europe .
It is time to realise that there are countries like Germany and France , which are at the centre of Europe and are full of lorries .
But there must come a time when we think what to do with the dead , whose numbers far exceed the casualties of the battles we see on television every evening .
Our impartial moral and substantial support is therefore needed for the better organization , the more successful implementation and maximization of its positive results in the future , since it involves programmes with added European value .
In that connection , and I want to stress this , the legislative framework should be simplified .
In the INTERREG-2A Programme we have today the strange situation that on either side of the borders , that programme 's projects are implemented as something separate , as if different programmes were involved .
Thirdly , it goes without saying that an initiative of this kind must involve increased participation by local and regional authorities , and by the social partners , both in the planning and in the implementation of the related programmes .
Having myself been born and grown up on a Mediterranean island , Crete , I know very well and at first hand all the vital problems faced by an island , precisely because of its insular character .
The necessary area for their development does not exist , and as a rule qualified personnel is lacking .
Besides , it is no matter of chance that islands , with very few exceptions , number among the European Union 's most poor areas , as emerges clearly from a series of reports by the European Commission , from your own reports , Commissioner .
Based on these facts , the following picture emerges : the Union 's island regions constitute a significant part of its territory and are the home of a by no means negligible proportion of its population .
It is also a policy which safeguards free competition in practice , since it aims precisely to help islands cope with the additional disadvantages they face following the creation of the single internal market , which we should admit , often works to the disadvantage of islands .
Will it take all necessary steps to enable businesses on islands to compete with mainland businesses under equal conditions ?
Madam President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I would first like to express my satisfaction at the Commissioner 's statement that he understands the particular nature of island regions and supports the inclusion in the new Treaty of a statement which will constitute the correct legal basis for the establishment and implementation of a special policy of support and development in island regions .
Of course , the problems differ from one island to another , and in many cases those differences are both great and critical .
Today , the European Parliament is called upon to transmit a message of solidarity by its practical recognition of the need for direct promotion of a policy for the survival of our islands .
I think that we have the legal powers to carry out an inquiry because money belonging to European taxpayers also went into Mobutu 's pockets .
Is it pure chance that part of the Cypriot Republic has been occupied by Turkish troops for more than 20 years ?
Mr President , with all due respect to the Commissioner , Mr van den Broek , I must confess that I cannot understand how such a serious violation