, fall short of what is required both in terms of the reasons why they were put forward and in terms of their own intrinsic value .     When economic and social cohesion was discussed at the turn of the 1990s , the figures were different .
We were the only ones to do so , and our amendments are the only ones to offer a clear sign of resistance .
It is crucial that we strengthen our citizens ’ security , and yet we must do this without compromising essential freedoms , including the right to personal data privacy .
Parliament is entirely justified in the importance that it attaches to data protection .
To conclude , I should like to mention the four questions that are crucial to the adoption of this report .
It is not necessary to set up a database to ensure a more reliable link between the passport and its holder ; the risk of function creep – the use of data for other purposes than originally envisaged – is too great .
One key question , Mr Frattini , is that the most delicate part in terms of data protection is not a matter of which principle is chosen , but the way in which it will be implemented .
I therefore feel that there should not be any objections to Parliament voting in favour of this report .
Whilst historic and hopeful changes are taking place in Venezuela , Brazil , Argentina , Uruguay , and in various other places in that continent and around the world , the situation in Colombia , by contrast , is becoming increasingly violently reactionary .
When so much is said by so many people about human rights , we should be paying much closer attention to the issue of Colombia , with condemnation , solidarity and combat , rather than the meddling , the military activity and the intervention with which the USA is always threatening the region , under the moniker of ‘The Colombia Plan’ .     .
Given the reality of budgetary execution , the need for the amendment before us is clear and therefore justified .     .
All of the foundations must therefore be laid for the Structural Funds to be implemented in full , which is incompatible with Parliament’s acceptance of a level of payments for 2005 limited to 1 % of Community GNI.
We appreciate the efforts made by the Republic of San Marino to establish fiscal transparency and genuine judicial cooperation , which enable fraud and money laundering to be combated .
Accordingly , the Council has authorised the Commission to negotiate agreements with Switzerland , the USA , Andorra , Liechtenstein , Monaco and San Marino under which those countries would adopt equivalent measures to prevent the flight of capital .
The savings directive , which forms part of what is known as the Monti package , contributes , in spite of dangers and shortcomings , towards setting up a system in which the Member States’ tax administrations exchange information – including lifting banking secrecy – so that they can tax interest accrued in another Member State .
Measures are therefore required to promote their safer use and to protect the end-user from unwanted content .
We endorse the objectives of combating improper Internet use , promoting safer Internet use , particularly by children , and combating illegal and unwanted Internet content , and we feel that even greater attention should be paid to this issue .
Alongside this , dangers , especially for children , and abuse of the technologies continue to exist and new dangers and abuses are emerging .
The proposal before us from the Commission and the Council is a consequence and an integral part of the EU institutions ’ current drift towards securitarianism .
I voted in favour of the report by Mr Coelho ( A6-0028/2004 ) on EU citizens ’ passports .
Nevertheless , we feel that the report strikes the right balance between the security that must be guaranteed and the freedom that we must all enjoy .     Mr President , when democracy and freedom are at stake , you are either for or against .
It is also the appropriate time , however , to say that we welcome Parliament’s excellent contribution to the cause of democracy in Ukraine .
As far as we are concerned , it is crucial that there is a commitment to stability in Ukraine .
Accordingly , the Resolution does not condemn the strategy of the signatory countries to what is referred to as the ‘Letter of the six’ , a strategy that the Council appears to support .
Solidarity is one of the key principles on which our Community was founded .
The efforts that have been made have , for a number of years , been hampered by a shifting situation , which has affected diverse , and constantly changing , sections of the population .
In the last part-session in Brussels , Parliament stated its position on this issue relating to passports .
The report reminds us that , despite the significant reforms underway in Turkey , there remain some worrying areas , such as the fact that torture still takes place , the fact that human rights are not routinely respected and the fact that the genocide of the Armenian people has not been acknowledged .
I have yet to even come to the question that ought to be asked first : where will the EU’s borders end up ?
If we examine the question of fundamental rights , freedoms and guarantees , it is true that progress has been made , yet this is more the fruit of the struggle waged by the progressive forces than of pressure from the EU , so much so that even the positive amendments to certain legislation have in most cases yet to become a reality .
