the EU to show that will !
As a European-minded Swedish liberal who belongs to a party that has clearly declared itself to be in favour of European cooperation , I find it sad - distressing , in fact - that my own country &#x02BC ;s government has denied itself the opportunity to influence these decisions which are so vital to future employment and prosperity throughout Europe .
The problems experienced in the Greek archipelago are markedly different from those facing the islands off Scotland or in the Baltic Sea .
This applies especially to the landscape and climate .
Major problems for us are depopulation and the absence of sustainable , long-term development .
We therefore believe that the 75 % threshold should be retained .
Anything else would be unacceptable .
I would like to extend heartfelt thanks to the rapporteur for the understanding that he shows with regard to this archipelago , a region that belongs to our unique heritage , which we have a collective duty to protect , and which can only preserve its character if people are able to work and live there .
Delays , Madam Commissioner , could prove fatal to a living archipelago .
These changes are aimed , among other things , at certain quality issues .
The opinion from the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Protection proposes , among other things , that subsidies from the EU budget for tobacco production within the European Union should end no later than the 2006 harvest .
After all , tobacco is responsible for the deaths of half a million people in the EU every year .
Mr President , Parliament has made a decision to ban tobacco advertising .
However , the biggest support we give is to the growing of tobacco , a crop which claims hundreds of thousands of lives every year in the Union .
The subsidies cannot be justified on the grounds of employment or on the grounds that someone else would have produced the tobacco .
By the same logic we could just as easily subsidize the production of nuclear weapons , or of biological and chemical weapons .
This is not compatible with Swedish constitutional law or with EC law , according to the learned EU specialists who have expressed an opinion .
I would just like to ask whether Commissioner Wulf-Mathies thinks this is compatible with human rights , and whether crossborder trade is not more important than a Member State 's right to charge taxes .
There is one party in the Swedish Parliament which is opposed to the proposal currently before the Swedish Parliament , namely the Conservative Party .
Did they concern taxes , capital income or any kind of common treatment for foreign investors ?
However , I believe we have somewhat differing views with regard to transparency .
My precise question is this : Are you now going to publish this report , and , if so , when ?
Firstly , has this issue been formally decided by the Commission in that the Ombudsman has made a formal request to the Commission to publish the report ?
Nor do I think that it is right for us to use trade policy for our aid to developing countries .
The great risk of such a policy is that we lock the countries into an obsolete production structure , in this case into the production of bananas .
Since then they have had peace with Egypt , with the PLO and with Jordan .
We all know this .
Why act and intervene only in Kosovo ?
Let us make use of the fact that the EU is an economic giant .
If we do nothing , I am absolutely sure that the 1990s will see a war in the Middle East , just like every other decade .
It is based , among other things , on the Serbian national romantic image of Kosovo as some kind of ancient homeland .
To prevent this , the EU and NATO must get Milosevic to realize that continued Serbian aggression will not be tolerated .
After the meeting with President Yeltsin , Milosevic said he was willing to negotiate .
With good refugee camps you counteract destabilization , but at the same time you risk encouraging people to leave Kosovo .
My conclusion therefore is that not much of value would be achieved by border controls alone .
Perhaps Moscow 's position on the Security Council is primarily aimed at gaining advantages for Russia in exchange for Russian consent .
If Milosevic succeeds in crushing all resistance and opposition there , all negotiations on Kosovo 's future status will be meaningless .
It is not particularly surprising that after years of severe oppression people should finally take up arms to fight for their cultural and democratic rights .
Ultimately , it is impossible to rule out the need also to use military means , although that is , of course , always the last resort .
Secondly , the really great risk with this conflict is that it will spread to other areas in the Balkans , to neighbouring countries .
Furthermore , I think the preferred option should be the restoration of democratic rights and the rights of the Albanian people within the framework of a Federal Republic of Yugoslavia with restored autonomy for Kosovo .
It should remain that way so that we do not construct a superstate or a federal state .
Thirdly , not all tax competition is harmful .
And it is natural for these differences not to be regarded as harmful in tax competition .
When people discuss the present situation , the Kurds are often mentioned , although the Assyrian people are also extremely vulnerable .
Are there any plans to draw attention to this group ?
Mrs Waddington and I sit on the same committee