and tissues and combating this phenomenon .
So , in the case of this Romanian clinic , is there or is there not payment and therefore trade in egg cells ?
It also represents the greatest possible perversion of the principle of free movement of goods and services in our so-called developed European countries .
The European Council will also be examining the question of how to improve the governance of the strategy , both Union-wide and at the level of the Member States .
The European Council will then give its opinion on those adjustments .
Yet what are the messages from Brussels which our fellow citizens are hearing day after day ?
That is why it has to concentrate on growth , on employment , on social and territorial cohesion , not only because these are the very objectives of this process of building Europe – now that peace is assured – but also because they are the prerequisites for the public’s support for the political plans for the construction of Europe , as Mr Martin Schulz has reminded us .
That is why our resolution puts the emphasis on an ambitious social agenda which must be integrated into this overall strategy , and on the fact that the road map which you have presented to us – the legislative and budgetary action plan – must relate to the three dimensions of the Lisbon strategy .
With limited inflation , interest rates which are low compared with the past , a savings surplus and businesses that are more than profitable , Europe – and above all the euro zone – is currently lacking , not in stability , but in growth .
I shall end , Mr President , by saying that the Europe of excellence is possible .
For that , we want a simple and fair tax system that causes as little hindrance as possible , public-private partnerships , an internal market with no social dumping , a high level of commitment to young people with the recognition of qualifications and greater use made of exchanges , the appointment of a ‘Mr or Mrs Lisbon ’ in every capital and commitment by the Member States to the financial perspectives .
I am rather sorry about that , but I can tell you that the working atmosphere was excellent , that we worked in extraordinarily good conditions and that I was highly satisfied as chairman .
Half way through , growth is so weak that the OECD is describing the euro zone as the black hole of world recovery ; growth is stagnating at 1.7 % – lower in many countries – while world growth is 5 % and , irony of ironies , Europe as a whole is producing a rate of 2.9 % , thanks to the relative performance of those very countries which are not foolishly shackled to the euro .
That is why , Mr Barroso , Mr Verheugen , I was pleased to hear you say this morning that we were at the beginning and not at the end of the process of reviewing that strategy and that the results of the European Council were not awaited as an end in themselves .
However , the US is producing growth , it is producing research , it is producing jobs .
If that network is to develop , however , we have to think of new ways of financing it .
Finally , I also agree with Mr Verheugen when he makes a direct connection between the success of the financial perspectives and the relaunch of the Lisbon Strategy .
In her speech , Mrs Ek almost made a slip of the tongue : speaking of Parliament’s resolution , she almost said revolution .
I am of course very pleased with the debate because we have shown that consensus was possible .
We believe an internal market in services must be established and that it is , at the same time , possible to resolve any problems to which the implementation of that directive might give rise .
In conclusion I must say that , for me , the great result of this debate is this willingness to work together , the possibility of reaching a dynamic consensus and also the broad support for the new Lisbon Strategy and , beyond that support , the fact that , for the next five years , it will be at the centre of the work done by our institutions and at the core of the reforms that will have to be undertaken by our Member States .     Mr President , the Socialist Group in the European Parliament wishes to withdraw Amendment 32 in favour of Amendment 27 by Mr Méndez De Vigo and Mr Lehne , as the two amendments have the same aim .
Yet the Commission intends to make sectors of European industry that are experiencing difficulties , in particular the textile industry , pay a heavy price for this generosity .
The Lisbon Strategy’s goal was to make Europe ‘the most competitive knowledge-based economy in the world ’ by 2010 .
Yet we cannot stop there ; we owe it to our fellow citizens to stay the course .
Furthermore , this is an area where Europe is under close observation , first and foremost by the citizens , who expect their decision-makers to be able to pursue economic and budgetary policies that sacrifice neither growth to stability , nor stability to a growth that is at best short-lived .
Finally , a study should be drafted with the aim of achieving a good cost-benefit ratio for all of these measures .
The time is now ripe – it is now or never – to introduce economic governance which is so lacking in Europe and to take initiatives which will finally get things moving .
The European Commission has issued a report on the Community strategy for sustainable development which therefore concerns the Union’s sectoral policies .
