This is an important area and I would like to hear the Commission 's views on how we can attempt to solve this problem .
Price marking is a technologically poor solution if each individual item is to be marked , whereas price indication can be displayed on the edge of a shelf or in some other position .
All of us here in this hall have been through Brussels Airport where they have a very smart , informative system for giving prices in a display .
Mr President , I have a question for Mrs Oomen-Ruijten .
I did not quite understand whether Amendment No 24 had been withdrawn .
What is meant by the words - and I will quote them in English because I have the English edition : Member States shall specify which small retail businesses shall be permitted to defer application of this Directive ?
Is it each individual Member State which must determine these criteria ?
How do we ensure fair competition , and how do we ensure observance of the principle of proximity at the same time ?
We have already heard a response from the chairman of the Commission , Mr Santer , and I would like to refer back to this .
No one knew much about it , but it was thought to be similar in nature to scrapie in sheep , not infectious and not transferable to humans .
This was at the start of the disease .
But on 20 March 1996 the British Government admitted that it could not be ruled out that the disease could be transferred to humans .
These announcements spread panic amongst consumers and the beef market collapsed .
The Commission was very hesitant in dealing with this , and Parliament was not satisfied .
On behalf of the Liberal Group I am able to say that the task has been resolved by the Committee .
There is also strong criticism of the British Government .
This is why BSE was able to become so extensive , and why it was carried over to France , Switzerland and Portugal .
We are left with the question of how we are to protect consumers .
I can say that our proposal to separate consumer protection and veterinary control is a right solution .
I must say , however , that it is not so easy to implement because we come up against the principle of subsidiarity , and states tend to defend this jealously .
Finally we come to the question of confidence and loss of confidence .
It also has power to assume the Commission 's role if it feels that the latter is not fulfilling it correctly .
I can now state that the Commission is ready to go a considerable way , further than I had expected .
Otherwise we have the weapon of article 141 , namely that of bringing a vote of no confidence , preferably after the summer holidays , if the Commission does not live up to what it promised and to the wishes we have expressed .
One must never misuse the significant powers one has been given .
Many positive things can be said about mad cow disease .
Without mad cow disease it would have been more difficult to incorporate animal welfare as a key principle in the new EU treaty .
Without mad cow disease it would have been more difficult to stipulate that cows should only be fed with food their digestive systems can tolerate , i .e . one should not try to turn herbivores into carnivores , which is what happened when lorry-loads of meat and bonemeal were sent out from factories to cattle breeders .
Without mad cow disease not so much attention would have been focused on the special committee system which is decisive for much of the agricultural policy , or on the fact that scientific experts are actually regarded as merely an extension of the authorities themselves .
The general directorate for agriculture is certainly in need of a good airing .
Witnesses from the Commission have constantly spoken about taking account of the internal market , but they have made recommendations against the background of article 43 .
Without mad cow disease we would not have had this golden opportunity which can now be used to the advantage of openness and democracy .
The EU must have transparency in its administration , and mad cow disease helps to illustrate this need .
Without mad cow disease there would not have been the same drive in favour of a real consumer policy .
Our appreciation that the regulations governing marking must be in order has increased .
Those responsible for agriculture must also be made jointly responsible for a policy on foodstuffs .
When health and consumers ' rights are the main issue , any reasonable person will understand that we must have the necessary time for the Commission and the Council to alter their routines and for the government conference to change the legal basis .
It is also an environmental project .
Like my colleague , Mr Castricum , I also support the Commission 's initiatives and hope that the Council will follow these up , but I would also advocate the expansion of these initiatives .
The strategy until now has been that Member States themselves be involved in the selection of areas of investment , not at a European level , but at a local level .
This must change in the future .
There seems to be a continued failure to realize that points at which sea , rail and road systems meet are often good junctions .
This is an important aspect of the development of combined transport modes in Europe , and I hope we can agree to an extension of the programme so that it can continue after this year and next year .
It would