I am also of the opinion that there should be a ' European Monetary Fund ' ( EMF) to which euro area countries would contribute in a manner proportionate to the size of their GDP.
I voted in favour of the resolution since I am of the opinion that it is fundamentally important to set up a committee to begin to discuss the post-2013 financial framework , particularly , to calculate the financial resources necessary for the Union to attain its objectives and carry out its policies for the period beginning 1 January 2014 , to define the duration of the next Multiannual Financial Framework ( MFF) , and to propose , in accordance with the goals and priorities set , a structure for the future MFF , indicating the main areas of Union activity .
It will be important for this committee to reach a consensus on reforming the system of financing of the EU budget in such a way as to provide a solid basis for negotiations on the new Multiannual Financial Framework .
This is a vote for the reorganisation of the numerical strength of the Delegation to the CARIFORUM-EU Parliamentary Committee .
The regulation introduces binding control for the first time on various types of equipment commonly used in serious violations of human rights but which have not been included on lists of Member States ' dual-use military equipment or strategic exports .
Moreover , how can we even find out whether it is being properly implemented if the Member States , which are responsible for implementing it , do not report their results , as required by the regulation ?
Lastly , there are grounds for updating and introducing more regular procedures for reviewing the regulation itself and its annexes in particular .
These international agents to whom I am referring strive to protect human beings against any kind of abuse to which they may be subject on a daily basis .
We know that the quotas are never observed .
Courageous positions are therefore required in Agadir .
Nevertheless , we must be careful : since it is an important complement and not an alternative , financial support for aquaculture must not come at the expense of reducing the funds awarded to other sectors , not least those given to fishing by the European Fisheries Fund .
To this end , amongst other possible instruments , it would be important to reorient the priorities of the Framework Programme for Research , so as to enable adequate coverage of this area of research .
The need for imported products to comply with basic public-health and food-safety standards must be kept in mind .
I therefore suggest that you vote for it . 8.
I voted for the report on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council establishing a catch documentation programme for bluefin tuna ( Thunnus thynnus ) because it includes measures that will contribute to preventing the over-exploitation of fisheries and improving the monitoring of stocks of this species .
These measures include a new , complex programme of documentation that must accompany the batch of tuna at all stages of the monitoring chain and the banning of the use of chartered fishing boats from now on .
The links of some of these agents with organised crime has also been noted .
I therefore believe that it will be fully to the EU 's advantage to support Russian efforts to democratise and strengthen the specific partnerships with the country that are bringing it closer to the other European states with which it shares a history and culture .
Israel 's military operation , in international waters , on 31 May 2010 , against a flotilla of humanitarian aid bound for Gaza resulted in the deaths of nine civilians and the wounding of 38 civilians and seven Israeli soldiers .
It is also a step in the right direction with regard to the immediate need to put an end to the blockade of the Gaza Strip , which is resulting in a human tragedy for the Palestinian people .
The Israeli-Palestinian conflict is tremendously complex and , therefore , also calls for great prudence in analysing it .
These efforts require the same level of commitment on the part of Member States and vigilance on the part of their civil societies in combating the multiple kinds of torture and the violence that jeopardise the freedom , health and dignity of every individual .
Regrettably , the people of North Korea continue to be the target of human rights violations by the Government of the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea .
The European Union must lead the protest and develop official and unofficial efforts to help the population of North Korea break free from the totalitarian yoke oppressing it , and lend its support , in particular , to human rights defenders in the country .
This situation is creating great instability in the Korean Peninsula and measures have to be taken so that there is no repetition of this kind of incident , with the loss of human life .
Such antagonism , as deep-seated as it is disguised , has a negative impact on the little governance that exists in the country and on the already inadequate announcement of priority government policies .
In Bosnia and Herzegovina there is an unstable political climate and there is no common vision shared by all political forces .
The process of enlargement of the EU must always be carefully considered and any new membership will always have to respect common points of reference of the countries that make up the EU.
Taking into account the physical reality of airspace ( which is both global and shared ) , I feel that greater cooperation between the European Union and the United States is relevant and necessary in regulating air