must have the right to speak here in their mother tongue , and that the groups must be entitled to put motions , but the prospect of eastward enlargement and the need to prevent this House being fragmented requires us to tighten up somewhat the conditions for the formation of groups .
No, my group does not want us to let this important political tool fall from our hands .
I am proud of the successes I achieved as a parliamentarian through motions on matters of urgency , helping to actually free people from wrongful imprisonment and eliminate serious violations of human rights within a matter of days , and I could call any number of witnesses to confirm this to you .
Yet Mr Corbett is a bit daring , for he knows the Rules of Procedure inside out , or rather , he is allowed to take the risk .
The first , which the speakers before me have already touched on , is that citizens ' parliaments stand for openness and therefore public accessibility , for democratic legitimacy , comprehensive controls , and lawmaking , for the exchange of opinions and competing ideas , for information and communication .
It is an expression of Parliamentary control over the administration and must not be restricted .
Even though the intermediate step we are taking today appears to many to mainly bring with it technical improvements to details of the old Regulation , it does at the same time have political implications that are necessary from the point of view of regulatory policy and will seem to some people to have a very broad scope .
We have tightened up the definition of new applicants in order further to strengthen them and make it easier for them to transfer and exchange slots .
They enable air space to be used efficiently , economically , and in a way that treats the environment with respect , and so my group will be voting against Mrs Foster 's three amendments tomorrow , believing as we do that the Commission is very much in the right .
I would inform you ,
That is the way we want it .
We also want consumers to be better able to ascertain how long cosmetics will last , so that they know , when they open a cosmetic or a sun cream , whether they will be able to use the product next year or whether it will have become harmful to health or have lost its effectiveness .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , my dear Mrs Roth-Behrendt , animal experiments in the field of cosmetics need to be done away with , and as quickly as possible .
Commissioner , today I have to accuse you of hostility to industry .
I would like to thank Mrs Roth-Behrendt for what she has achieved , and especially also Mrs Christina García-Orcoyen .
It is my conviction that we owe that to the European Union 's consumers .
Contrary to prior expectations , the provision of genetically manufactured Factor 8 - which is only one of the blood clotting factors - has been constantly beset with problems .
Almost 50 % of the human blood and blood plasma needed in the European Union has to be imported , mainly from the USA .
This list of allergenic substances must , though , be constantly monitored so that current scientific knowledge can be incorporated .
Current difficulties , in particular , mean that it sends an important signal to the people of Europe .
When a major amendment to the labelling directive was decided on in 1995 , there were similar discussions on the same issues as are on the agenda today .
No doubt it will take a very unambiguous vote in this House to convince them of the need to overcome their lethargy !
I very much hope that the citizens of the candidate countries will be able to vote in the 2004 elections and that the accession negotiations will not be delayed .
As long as four years ago , we discharged our obligations with the Anastassopulos report , but the Council of Ministers has taken a very , very long time to do something about its own .
I also want to point out the remaining loopholes that the Council has left .
What is to be done under such circumstances ?
I would also like to mention the need to facilitate access to global communications in order to make social benefits possible .
Mr President , that remains the case .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the following assessment is of great and special importance for us , as bankruptcies have gone up over the past year by an average of 19 % in the European Union , and in Germany by 32 % .
In the regions we live in , individual infrastructure projects are now , of course , the subject of heated debate .
The definition of sexual harassment was being honed right up to the end , although opinions can still differ as to whether it should form part of a legal text .
The first principle is adherence to general ethical guidelines , which are also binding on EU researchers , and especially Euratom 's .
Maintaining that capacity for decades is a safety requirement for the public , who have to be able to live in safety , protected from the radioactivity from nuclear waste .
When there are problems in the food sector , we often find that they have to do with these new technologies . for example , research into the use of seeds is not , or at least not primarily , concerned with the development of resistance ; rather , attempts are made to use gene manipulation to bring about the creation of resistance , mainly even to build up resistance to plant protection in the synthetic sector .
