The proposals involved are clearly regressive , are largely detrimental to the 'economic and social cohesion countries ' and benefit the more prosperous countries , with the exception of France and , to a lesser extent , Denmark .
The co-chairman of the European Union-Turkey Joint Parliamentary Committee , Mr Bülent Akarcali , sent a letter to the various Italian Members threatening them on behalf of Turkey .
It is quite incredible to think that such protection actually exists , given that the perpetrators of such crimes are known , yet the hand of justice cannot touch them .
Madam President , those who say that the Structural Funds or the Cohesion Fund should be restricted for those Member States that are allegedly hindering these measures are not helping matters either .
But we must obviously bear in mind that the Amsterdam Treaty - which has still not entered into force , but which represents a political decision of great importance - establishes that unanimity is required for this issue .
In this respect , Mr Nassauer is right .
Why am I referring to this ?
And it is evident that this visa , given to those who do not possess the correct , legal and legitimate documents , goes further than a visa itself .
Although we are dealing with very formal issues , for example the uniform format of the forms for affixing visas , we should not forget that behind such formal issues lie some of the characteristics that are rapidly setting the tone of the immigration and asylum policy implemented recently by the Community authorities and Member States in the European Union .
To sum up , the provisions being adopted in relation to a uniform visa format and airport transit must form part of a genuine Community policy on immigration and asylum .
I urge the President to take appropriate action to ensure that proceedings in the House and in committees are not disrupted in this way .
If only out of deference to the rapporteur , therefore , I feel we cannot accelerate the procedure to that stage .
Mr President , Mr President of the Commission , you began by saying you hoped for a Europe which looked to the future .
Mr President , I should like to begin by congratulating the Austrian Presidency on its excellent work in recent months .
The special summit at Luxembourg , instigated by President Santer , did of course make significant progress in this area .
Clearly , investment is needed at present .
I trust that the Vienna European Council , inspired by the helpful conclusions of the Pörtschach European Council , will move towards more Europe .
Indeed , in our judgment , the stability pact and the severity with which it is implemented hinders the creation of employment and does not promote the best interests of our citizens .
With regard to Agenda 2000 , Madam President-in-Office , we are concerned about the failure of the ECOFIN Council .
We must also show our solidarity with Central America , and come up with a strategic response to the enormous problems facing the region .
Why do I differ ?
Mr President , I should first like to congratulate my colleague Mr Rothley most sincerely .
I very much fear , however , that what we are to vote on tomorrow is not in fact the Statute for Members of the European Parliament .
That is the legally correct procedure , and you , Mr Rothley , know that as well as I do .
God forbid that due to a misunderstanding of the nature of transparency , we produce legislation to be ashamed of , and which is not only unfavourable but also seriously detrimental to us .
Mr President , the courage and single-mindedness displayed by the rapporteur as he dealt with this issue deserves special mention .
If I were not so sure , I would be querying this report and many others as a matter of priority .
On this point I disagree with some colleagues who believe it would be better to establish a comparison with high-ranking civil servants .
So far , Mr Fabre-Aubrespy , who is very familiar with the Rules of Procedure , has acted entirely within his rights .
I therefore invite you to withdraw your remarks .
However , a vote in favour of Amendment No 26 would enable us to raise the issue of the possibility of putting transitional arrangements in place once again , without referring to the fifth legislative period .
I have no objection to requiring an absolute majority , so long as the Rules of Procedure are complied with .
Although the Commission had originally proposed separating these two issues , the Council felt it was best to deal with them both together .
Of course we all support renewable energy , Madam Commissioner .
I therefore feel that both aspects of the programme on water resources are very important : the management of water resources and water quality .
Biodiversity is also closely connected with it The third key action concerns the integrated management of marine ecosystems .
Substantial investment in resources and technology is needed if we are to conserve it well , not just patch it up .
There are two subsections or two key actions relating to energy .
I have in mind the monitoring of results , of innovation , of the efficiency of the groups of researchers working in the various countries , and of the efficient use to be made of the scarce resources available .
Europe is to promote a major gas programme , and we have rather fragile and rigid gas systems .
With regard to social issues , it is renowned for its vision of social solidarity and for its relations with third countries .
Secondly , we want to present a unitary image of European science as a whole .
Information would