Wider availability of information is also recommended under the right-to-know principle .
There is a need for more research to enable us to act quickly , effectively and with certainty .
The need for a European strategy is critical .
That is why this report is so important .
More information , more public awareness and , most importantly , more research is what is needed .
I thank the rapporteur for this report and I recommend it to the House .
Madam President , when I first started to consider drafting this report , I wondered whether it was a wise decision for any politician from Northern Ireland to agree to bring forward a report on Box VIIa in the Irish Sea .
However , I believe that in politics you have to take on board some of the more positive aspects of life .
While this may have been a poisoned chalice initially , I hope that ultimately , I , Parliament and the Commission can together develop something that will be very positive and fruitful for the fishermen who depend on fishing in the Irish Sea .
The report is designed to protect juvenile cod in the Irish Sea .
We have to make it very clear that it is not just designed to protect juvenile cod but also to protect many other species in the Irish Sea .
That is important .
The other species in the Irish Sea will also benefit from this protection .
From that point of view , the one thing that has changed dramatically in recent times is that there is a growing understanding that such protection is necessary .
Perhaps five years ago if you told fishermen in that particular area that there was a need for this , they would have said there was no need for it .
Now there would be a more positive response and a recognition that there is a problem , there has been a problem .
The real question now is how we resolve that problem .
I welcome the cooperation that has existed between the fishermen , their representatives , the Commission and local , regional and national governments , on this particular point .
If we are going to find a way forward , that continued cooperation must exist .
It is positive and has to be built upon .
It must be developed and brought to fruition .
But this cannot be a one-way dialogue .
We cannot have the Commission telling the fishermen that it knows everything .
The Commission must listen to the fishermen , listen to their experience , listen to what they know , take that on board and work and cooperate with them .
This report also requires technical changes : to the mesh size of nets .
It is a very technical report and requires the cooperation of the fishermen with the Commission and regional authorities to ensure that we no longer destroy what was considered a very natural resource in the past .
In Box VIIa in Northern Ireland three ports are totally dependent on the fisheries industry : Kilkeel , Ardglass and Portavogie .
Last year the fishermen in that area had an 11-week closure on their fishing rights .
That was hard .
But in the interests of protecting the juvenile cod and the spawning period , they cooperated and were very positive .
I believe there will also be cooperation next year .
What the fishermen are asking is that the Commission responds to them in a more positive way than it has in the past .
We have to find a way forward .
We have to find a resolution to the situation .
That is no easy task way for anyone .
I believe we can find a way through and a positive way forward , but only if everyone cooperates .
I have tried to bring forward amendments which I hope will be helpful .
I hope the Commissioner can be positive in his response .
The technical measures should be reviewed on an annual basis .
That would greatly assist fishermen in that area .
It is not a burden that is easily carried so we require a review every 12 months .
I also hope that the Commissioner can throw a life-line and address the socio-economic hardship associated with the proposals .
Will the Commissioner , if the regional or national governments come forward with a proposal , respond in a positive way and try to find a way forward , to support those fishermen , to improve the technical aspects that need improving , to meet the new standards that have been laid down ?
This is a very difficult situation .
It is not an easy one to resolve .
I ask the Commissioner to respond positively .
Madam President , rapporteur and Commissioner , this report is a tragic tale about a fish which one author has quoted as literally changing the world in the past thousand years .
The beginning of this new millennium is very different from the beginning of the last .
There has been a fishing spree across the world touching everywhere , the Irish Sea being no exception , and the results are devastating .
The dramatic decline in cod in the Irish Sea is all too apparent .
From 1988 to 1997 the Republic of Ireland 's cod catch declined from 5 821 tonnes to 1 492 tonnes .
It takes no mathematician to tell you that conservation is critical if there are to be cod fisheries at all in the Irish Sea .
Before I speak about technical measure , no one has talked about the fish itself .
Did you know that cod will eat anything ?
Cod are quite lazy fish .
The whiteness which we all enjoy eating actually is due to sluggishness rather than muscle tone yet the irony is that cod is a dieter 's delight