left to the Timorese to decide on .
What are four months after twenty-four years of the compulsive arming of Indonesia in full knowledge of the genocide which has been taking place in Timor for the last twenty-four years ?
Maybe this will give some idea of the scale of events in East Timor .
There is a conflict between the Indonesian army and its cohorts - the militias - and the majority of Timor ' s population .
This is why there must be strong political will to support the international community ' s next moves to ensure that Indonesia does not impose any conditions on the intervention by these forces and that , however serious the conflict in the region may be , the peace and security of the Timorese should be guaranteed , as well as the humanitarian aid and the development that Timor so desperately needs .
It was useful for us to be able to bring you this news which we expected to describe in quite different terms when we left Timor and which was of interest to the Timorese , who , at least at that time , felt supported and who still are being supported .
I think that this time , Timor will not be forgotten again and I think that the ever growing support for the long-suffering and heroic people of Timor will remain strong until they are free and until Timor is a happy nation - one that is moving forwards .
The most urgent matter though , is to save lives , because in East Timor , it is not just bullets that kill ; hunger also kills .
The arguments that really affect them are those of economic sanctions and military concerns .
Mr President , according to the information I have available to me , there are still differences of interpretation between South Africa and the European Union concerning the specific agreement on wines , particularly regarding the use of " Port " and " Sherry " as designations of origin .
That is due to happen in January .
I would like to congratulate you , Commissioner , on your decision to keep the Directorate-General for Fisheries .
I would like the Commission to tell me what it thinks about this .
The matter of the " Port " official designation of origin is vital to the Portuguese wine-producing sector .
Bearing this in mind , the European Union will not be able to accept any measure that might put it in jeopardy .
That is to say , the European agricultural model is a plural model .
Nor are we in favour of interaction ( ... ) .
( The President cut the speaker off )
This means that we are no longer only in the process of liberalising the exchange of goods , as happened with GATT.
Mr President , the first budget of this new financial framework confirms and reinforces the grave apprehensions we had during the debates on Agenda 2000 and on the interinstitutional agreement that goes with it .
The proposal of EUR 30 million in payment appropriations , however , seems insufficient to us .
Mr President , supporting the economic reconstruction and the political renewal of a free , democratic and independent East Timor is not only nor is it fundamentally a question of humanitarian aid .
In spite of the huge budgetary constrictions within which we work , the Commission managed to find the means to respond to the most pressing needs even in 1999 .
Across-the-board cuts are an aberration !
Two final observations : the first is the difficulty in understanding and then in explaining why there is a legal basis , and rightly so , for assisting victims of natural disasters anywhere in the world , as we are very rightly going to do for Turkey , but there is no such basis for doing the same at home .
We would like to warmly congratulate the Finnish Prime Minister , both for the preparations which preceded the meeting and for the way in which he personally chaired its proceedings .
The Commission is particularly pleased with this fact .
It is also necessary that this right to free circulation should now be accompanied by the legislative measures which are necessary for us to be able to achieve it as quickly as possible .
I would like to highlight , in this regard , the principle of mutual recognition of decisions and sentences , which all Member States should contribute to by adopting common definitions and penalties against certain criminal activities which transcend borders , .
The Commission regrets that the European Council has not accepted the idea of a single asylum system which represents , as we see it , something to aim for , but also the urgent necessity of dealing with asylum issues in a collective and coherent way .
An event like Tampere , with the expectations which precede it , can sometimes appear to be an end in itself .
We certainly plan to begin by working on how to create the scoreboard requested of us as a way of keeping up the pressure on ourselves , in the first instance , but also on others , as well as ensuring that everything takes place with the fullest possible transparency in the very near future .
Contrary to the idea that our Union should be of an exclusively or mainly economic nature , the Council , following a course of action that Parliament has now been defending for a long time , turned to our citizens , to their freedom of movement , to their security and to the recognition of their right to justice , rights which must be granted not only to citizens of the Union but to all those who , for a variety of reasons find themselves in our territory on a regular basis