We have heard nothing about Albania .
Will the Italian presidency support these priorities ?
I do not think Italy has brought any honour upon itself with its lax attitude to Slovenia over property taken from Italians and not yet restored .
As we live through the final days of the Italian presidency and approach the Florence Summit , I would like to remind everyone here of the need to return finally to the aims of the founding fathers of the European Union .
Mr President , Mr President of the Commission , I would like to concentrate on the fact that Florence is the last act of the Italian presidency , so it is important to use it to the maximum advantage of our common destiny .
We are alarmed at delay which could turn into paralysis , loss of the sense of Europe and the general interest , and regression to purely national visions .
Our criticism goes out to all the governments holding back the work on significant issues .
This is a tragic situation , which goes well beyond tolerance limits and has serious economic , social and civil consequences , affording easier penetration to organized crime .
What better way to celebrate the fortieth anniversary of the Treaty of Rome ?
Personally I find it incredible that three years after the entry into force of the Maastricht Treaty and with a debate going on about whether to make the European Council the supreme body for deciding the Union 's foreign policy , there has not yet been any attempt to establish a more solid basis for the relationship between the institution which represents the highest level - democratic legitimacy - and the institution which represents the States ' legitimacy .
And what is Europe doing ?
Well , I challenge them to explain the method in their madness .
Conservatives are supposed to believe in strong leadership .
So I think it is right to ask for one more effort , as the final act of the Italian presidency , to establish a real plan of action that can be adopted and applied in every country of the Union .
Since Turin , in fact , the European Union has moved into a phase of total renewal , a renewal applying to issues and problems which this Parliament , together with the other institutions , has clearly identified and which have been mentioned this morning : unemployment , the single currency , peace and economic growth , free movement inside the internal market , social cohesion , consumer protection .
Madam President , Mr President-in-Office , Mr President of the Commission , we are aware of a sense of difficulty in the initial negotiations of the Intergovernmental Conference .
It is obvious that the Intergovernmental Conference must keep time with political reality .
As rapporteur let me say that there were very important reasons for that vote .
Now , as this has not been done in this particular case and I have not heard that any particularly important and exceptional reasons exist to justify for putting it forward again , I would ask Parliament to remit the vote to the next session so that the Commission has time to think again and produce more convincing arguments .
Despite the fact that this issue has been discussed for years now , no agreement has been reached with Canada and the United States so the Commission 's proposal to remit this again cannot be accepted .
There must be a ban on imports of skins of animals caught in a cruel way , especially as the European Union has already prohibited the use of traps on its own territory .
We are talking about social reconstruction to provide the people of former Yugoslavia , and especially of Bosnia where the social fabric has been devastated , with the environmental conditions essential to survival , life and thinking about the future .
Such a measure would demonstrate acceptance of responsibility and raise the political visibility of the European commitment at the same time .
Meantime , the UN has recently lifted the Bosnian arms embargo .
The European Union has taken responsibility for 65 % of the humanitarian aid and for organizing the donor meetings on the reconstruction of the country .
These elections must take place in maximum calm , with action taken to bring war criminals to justice .
We cannot regard what we are doing as adequate , not so much from the quantitative point of view , because we introduced TACIS and PHARE after the upheavals , the end of the cold war , etcetera .
I can only emphasize that the presidency of the Council hopes a solution will be found at the Intergovernmental Conference , not because it is particularly interested in the type of government that rules the destinies of Great Britain , but for an institutional reason which affects the European Union and its future .
If we want to have a useful and profitable debate rather than a mechanistic one when we discuss the European Parliament and how to elect it , I think it would be wise to deal essentially with the issue of the coherence between the type of assembly the European Parliament represents , with its specific powers and prerogatives , more familiar to you than to me , and the electoral system which best corresponds to such powers and prerogatives .
The British attitude of non-cooperation has aroused great tension in the Union .
I am not saying this idea is not based on a legitimate legal approach .
The Council can only agree with the need raised by the honourable Member and hope to receive proposals from the Commission .
There is no doubt that determined and clear action must be taken against Belgrade to make explicit the disquiet and dissatisfaction of the international community about the current position of the