I do not think that 'typical products ' should be a label that is just bandied around : they are an expression of the huge funds of knowledge and professionalism of European farming as a whole .
I agree with the rapporteur 's proposal that the transitional period should be extended to seven years and that products should be entitled to benefit from a further extension in the event of proven difficulties .
Well , I do not think that this is a problem of European unity ; it is just an example of industrial confusion .
In those terms , then , we must ensure that the Commission 's action is more specific and better targeted , and further exemptions cannot be tolerated .
Well , I mentioned that there are a number of views .
Would you kindly reply to these two questions , clarifying the two non-replies that the Commission has so far seen fit to give ?
I will therefore say loud and clear , as regards the efforts made by Mr Ford and Mr Oostlander of the Civil Liberties Committee , that I fully endorse all the proposals they have made , though I am less happy about the penalties .
It is an oversimplification to regard it as being the exclusive preserve of any particular political persuasion .
All right , then , let 's have a European Observatory , but , please , let 's observe more accurately this time !
All too often we have preaching but no concrete action , no practice .
If we want to deprive racism of the nourishment on which it feeds , it is hard to believe that we shall be able to achieve any results except through consistent action .
Mr President , I note that Mr Fassa has not expressed any disagreement with the words spoken by Mr Bossi .
I would however remind him that , under every democratic constitution , criminal liability is personal : no one can be called to account for facts or actions attributed to others .
It will be objected , however , that this is a political problem : well , I believe that one of the worst defects of political life today , not just in Italy , is the use of legal procedures for political ends .
Having said that , I cannot understand why , in Recital A and Recital H , we are told that in the Member States of the Union we cannot talk about terrorism but only about crime , and that therefore - the conclusion is - political asylum must be confined solely to citizens of third countries .
Terrorism today , however , is reaching particularly serious levels in many Third World countries , and is also spreading to Europe .
All the organizational forces of Europe must be set in motion to prevent the spread of terrorism , crime and violence at every level , and to ensure that our new , integrated Europe is based on democracy and individual freedoms .
In the present case , the issue would be to finance the tunnel under the Brenner and the entire highway from Munich to Verona which , according to a 1992 estimate , would cost MECU 13 , 000 , equivalent to 25 , 000 billion lire .
And let us not forget a primary concern for the whole of Europe : the safeguarding of jobs , and more than that , the creation of new jobs , because excessive costs and new tax burdens could bring about the collapse of those small road-haulage businesses that account for 85 % of European transport .
We need only recall that in 1970 transport by road accounted for 48.6 % , whereas today it accounts for 71.7 % ; in 1970 31.7 % of shipments were carried by rail , whereas the figure today , unhappily , is a mere 14.9 % ; in the same period , transport by inland waterway has declined from 12.3 % to 7.7 % .
I am in agreement with this initiative by the Commission , and I am in agreement with the rapporteur on the need also to take public opinion into account .
The Charter 's objectives , from security of supply of energy resources for Eastern European countries to energy efficiency and environmental protection , represent aims and contextual guidelines that have won a broad consensus in the Energy Committee .
I also recently had a meeting in Brussels with the Commissioners responsible and we undertook to make good the delay by the end of this year .
This is an extreme and very delicate measure that promises conflict with the agents concerned .
This is because all the regions of the Mezzogiorno are , without exception , covered by Objective 1 , whilst all the regions of central and northern Italy come under Objectives 2 , 5 and 5b .
It would , therefore , be useful if , provided they are truly in a position to make use of the Structural Funds , individual regions were to be delegated full powers and responsibility for such implementation , but that , were this a problem , the country concerned were able to adopt alternative measures and set up special additional structures for this purpose .
It is , however , essential that the principle of additionality be respected , particularly in the case of the southern regions , which are now faced both with a significant cut in State financial support and with the problem of under-use of the Structural Funds and are thus in danger of a twofold loss .
It is vital that certain procedures be simplified and that the various activities of the Commission , Member States and regions be rationalized and harmonized .
I believe that the crucial issue goes beyond the removal of structural and cultural obstacles .
The Italian Government 's undertaking to