It is also known that after the elections there were disturbances that led the government to deploy troops and tanks on the streets of Yerevan to control the demonstrations by the citizens .
That transformation is not fortuitous .
A more flexible interpretation of the criteria would , unquestionably , bring more countries into the euro zone .
The reports speak of the need for implementation of EMU, but nowhere does one find any mention of the millions of jobs that will be lost , of the disintegration that will be caused in the countries with diverging economies , of the collapse of labour relations , of the casting-aside of the social model that has been a feature of Europe in the recent decades as a result of the struggles engaged in by the labour movement .
My group is totally opposed to the enterprise of economic and monetary union that the Maastricht Treaty has set in motion and it resents the stubborn refusal to allow discussion of the subject at the intergovernmental conference .
This debate in the European Parliament is truly historic , although judging by the attendance one might not think so .
Our satisfaction would be far greater if only , along with the progress on monetary union , there was some parallel success in the reduction of unemployment and in the limiting of regional inequalities for us to welcome , as there ought to be .
The worst thing of all is that our progress to the single currency has become identified with a certain kind of budgetary policy which is exacerbating the real problems of unemployment and regional inequality for no good reason .
But with average inflation in Europe stable at around 2 % - leaving aside Greece which has very high inflation , but for only a little longer I hope - the invoking of the need for price stability to justify continuing with a stiflingly tight budgetary policy smacks a little bit of the general staff plans that were devised for the battles of World War I. And we all know what happened to the armies which relied on those plans .
I hope that at least the request by Mr Christodoulou that forced expenditure on an expensive arms procurement programme for defence purposes by a Member State will be recognized as an exceptional circumstance .
In a static world in which all economic indicators remained unchanged year after year , in which capital was not accumulated , in which no one was born and no one died , they would be .
But in the real world in which we live , the evolving dynamic world , anyone who maintains that the deficits can be reduced to zero without unemployment being fuelled is being dangerously irresponsible .
Let it not begin its career by damaging them .
The first is that this is necessarily an interim report , because a great deal of information is required to complete the picture and it will take a very long time for the Commission to prepare that information .
What we are saying at this time is that we must describe things as they really are , so that those who take decisions will be aware of what is involved .
In our view it is an article which , from first to last , is unclear - and deliberately so - in order to conceal ulterior motives .
The third thing I want to say , Mr President , is that the analysis presented by the report with its splendid constitutional , democratic and liberal expressions , is full of 'oughts ' and 'ought-nots ' , about how parties should be founded , how they should operate and what prerequisites they should satisfy .
One or two groups , one or two parties will take the lion 's share of the funding , to the cost of the other , smaller ones .
I therefore ask for correction of that unjust comment against farmers who have been literally struggling for their livelihoods for the last ten days .
During the second reading , the Council approved the incorporation into the 1997 budget of the plan to support beef and veal producers with 1 billion ECU , so approving only as much as it had accepted on first reading .
It is an anti-developmental budget , a budget devoid of social sensitivity , .
Unless we understand that , and unless we put across the message that behind the figures there are people to be considered , we too will one day wake up only to find that it is by then too late .
On the opportunity of this debate , I want to make a number of general observations .
Enlargement should involve the citizens .
It involves costs , and those costs must be shared fairly .
There is no doubt that both the CAP and the structural policies need rationalization and review .
The necessary changes must take place at the IGC to avoid undermining the Union 's effectiveness and enable it to go deeper .
Hundreds of thousands of farmers with thousands of tractors have blocked all the most important road junctions , and are demanding something in return for their toil to enable them to live .
What I do count , however - and the same thing was said by Mr Christodoulou and all the other speakers and by Mr Rehder himself - is that there will be tremendous social and economic consequences .
What will happen ?
So take back your report - let the report be referred back to the Committee on Agriculture - and come back with a better-prepared study and propose whatever you think fit , provided it is realistic and not adventurous , and that it does not conceal coarse and dark interests that aim to rearrange the political , economic and commercial influences in the ten