On the contrary , there is a good deal of research to show that it is in fact effective .
Quite simply , time is needed to prepare the new alcohol policy and incorporate new features which may reduce the possible risks involved in abolishing import restrictions .
Happily , the Committee nonetheless elected to follow the line taken by myself , the Finnish Government and the Commission who considered that these big differences in price and tax levels do in fact justify an additional two-year period of adjustment , as long as Estonia does not become a member of the EU before this period expires for , if it did , then it may only be right that the EU' s rules should also apply to Estonia .
As Commissioner Bolkestein noted earlier , it is , however , in spite of everything , an important principle that this type of tax is an issue for individual nation States and not a subject for formal harmonisation in the context of the internal market .
However , a whole range of new methods will certainly be required .
We could have dealt with this issue in a more appropriate way .
I have referred in part to points of order .
I am very disappointed that the Court of Justice of the European Communities considered that a discriminatory time limit could be introduced for citizens from third countries .
For my part , I nonetheless support the Commission ' s proposal whereby the year 2006 would be the time limit where imports of beer were concerned .
It is a question of not making a hasty decision .
Mr President , last month we celebrated Europe Day .
Schuman began his speech with these words : ' World peace cannot be preserved without constructive efforts to combat impending dangers ' .
Seen in a global perspective , security is clearly indivisible .
Generous , fair and far-sighted aid , together with a trade policy which attacks the causes of poverty and insecurity must therefore be an integral part of our foreign and security policy .
The headline goals which have been established are important and must be implemented in full , without delay and without exception .
A policy on conflict prevention is missing from our arsenal .
The EU did not manage to stop the catastrophe in the Balkans in time , and we shall forever be accountable to our children for this failure .
The EU' s Member States must nonetheless soon come to some definite decisions about the common security policy .
How will it be possible to guarantee the influence of the non-aligned States upon expanding security policy ?
Thirdly , a question in connection with which there are many good proposals in Mrs Lalumière ' s excellent report : how will it be possible for the European Parliament and the national parliaments to be guaranteed influence upon , and participation in , the decisions so that the latter are made openly and democratically in the interests of our European citizens ?
This might therefore be the time for extensive military disarmament in Europe but , in reality , rearmament is taking place .
It is about intervention .
We are doing this in order to join together in creating tools to safeguard the lynchpin of security , namely freedom and peace in Europe .
It is also important , however , to create credibility through 'more muscle ' and increased ability to intervene in time .
This concept is based upon individual Member States ' fulfilling the commitments they have made .
Since we last discussed this subject , Germany ' s supreme commander has resigned in protest , which is as good a sign as any .
The ban on snuff , which applies in all EU countries except for Sweden , ought therefore to be lifted .
The tobacco industry should not , therefore , be allowed to market snuff as something healthy .
We are also in favour of no longer permitting any references to 'light ' or 'milder ' tobacco , as well as of phasing out subsidies for tobacco cultivation within the EU as soon as possible , for this form of subsidy is directly at variance with the EU' s efforts and initiatives to improve public health .
In the same way , the Commission ought to have shown similar respect for Swedish alcohol policy by having extended and made permanent Sweden' s 1994 derogation concerning private imports of alcohol .
Finland is in that way being granted the right to limit beer imports from third countries to six litres per traveller per day up until 1 January 2006 .
While Finland is obtaining a new derogation , the Swedish one is being removed .
Mr President , I should like to thank the Presidency .
We saw this from the assessment , showing a host of committed women around the world working not only on a small scale but also on an extremely large scale where , for example , violence against women is concerned .
If we cannot enter into dialogue with the Vatican State in the future , we shall probably have to question its basis for existence .
A small group of Catholic and Islamic fundamentalist countries clearly intended to undermine the progress achieved by women from around the world in Beijing five years ago .
In spite of the fact that , last week , we were in danger of turning the clock back , we eventually agreed upon a final document which looks ahead to progress on the basis of the Women' s Conference in Beijing and , at the same time , marks out the route towards increased equality in the future .
On the issues of rape within marriage , right of possession and right of inheritance , together with the right to asylum on the grounds of gender-based