That does not aid our competitiveness .
I fail to see how people can assert that this is a threat to the principle of subsidiarity and to the safeguarding of our various national experiences .
It is impossible to imagine the economic growth and development of Europe without the crucial contribution of the workers , the safeguarding of their quality of work and the protection of their health in the workplace .
I hope that all Italian Members will join me in denouncing this affront to our country .     Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I intervene only to point out to every Member of this Parliament – including the Member who has just spoken – that up until the fall of the Berlin Wall there were many nations without statehood in Europe , and that one day the right to self-determination will allow Padania to also become a nation with its own state .     Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I was going to take the floor to inform you that I had withdrawn Amendment 12 ; however , it lapses like Amendment 10 , because they have in fact already been accepted by Parliament and the Commission .
What scares me most are the statements emerging from the United States , according to which their standard of living cannot be called into question .
I therefore call on the Commission and the Council to do everything possible to encourage absolute compliance with the Protocol within the EU , and to examine every possible means of exerting political and economic pressure on countries that have not adopted said Protocol .     .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , in the world in which we live nearly 700 million weapons are in circulation and a further eight million are produced each year .
On the other hand , the five permanent members of the UN Security Council control 88 % of the global market in arms .
In addition , he said that he supports the Stability Pact , which limits the freedom of the Member States .
First of all , we shall be equipping ourselves with the means to organise and plan future actions more effectively .
We see that as a core aspect of European citizenship , one that we must fulfil organically but which requires that Europe should , both internally and externally in its international actions , be a promoter and not just a passive defender of people’s fundamental rights and freedoms .
In this area , solidarity clearly also means striking a balance between our fellow citizens ’ right to be given guarantees against people traffickers and protecting the victims of people traffickers , in other words the immigrants or asylum seekers themselves .
We found the Council’s reaction somewhat problematic at times , but equally we feel committed to continue working until all three institutional players agree on how to put this plan’s lines of action into practice .
That is precisely why we are not aiming in the action plan at strengthening the arsenals of repression – that is to say , we want to avoid a merely repressive and punitive approach .
I have renewed an offer of informal collaboration with the Commission .
We all know that national competences only cover the number of people who can be allowed to enter a particular Member State , but there is a willingness among the Member States to agree on certain common rules , and that is the aim of the Green Paper that we issued in January .
I feel that what he has told us reveals a number of good objectives , but all too often the means for achieving them are not the most appropriate .
There I shall put forward practical measures which will certainly be based on the need to provide protection – therefore in Libya as well – for the fundamental rights of people who have entered either legally or illegally and who in any case are entitled to be treated with dignity as human beings .
My reply is that access rights may be extended if in parallel we increase protection for those data through a proposal under the third pillar , which , I assure you , we are going to submit by the end of this year .
National autonomy means that each Member State lays down rules and procedures for the practice of the professions , whereas under the Treaties every EU citizen should be able to enjoy the right to work in any other Member State of the Union , either temporarily or permanently , on a par with any citizen of the host country .
This is a remarkable step forwards , partly because , by referring to certain specific articles in the Treaty , Parliament is laying down a definitive framework to form the legal basis for future provisions .
In conjunction with the Commission , we shall try in future to solve specific problems through common platforms and other instruments .
Mr President , I shall conclude by thanking Parliament as a whole .
Indeed , it is not only the textile industry that is suffering from Asian competition : the origin of processed agricultural products needs to be made transparent so that consumers can find out from the label where the products they buy come from .
I should like to conclude by recalling that the fruit and vegetable sector is heavily penalised compared with other areas of agriculture : it receives only 4 % of Community resources and requires cofinancing contributions that are too onerous for producers .     . – Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I am frankly unhappy about beginning my speech , as we would have preferred to have Commissioner Michel answer , because he is an attentive observer who has a thorough understanding of the situation .
The two issues are thus separate but closely connected , because