threat of these laws should also be seen in relation to Pakistan 's social problems .
Mr President , my group has been seriously concerned about the situation in Pakistan for a number of years now , as religious minorities have increasingly been the victims of violence - and not just threats of violence .
Finally , I should like to lend my support to the call for Constitutional Amendment 15 not to be adopted , because in my opinion this would make the situation in Pakistan even worse .
We are forced to conclude that the spring which seemed to be on its way with the new President , Mr Khatami , has returned to the harshness of winter and Iran is again becoming a dangerous country with a ruthless and violent regime , despite the moderate stance of its President .
We call on the Commission and the Council to put Iran on the Council 's agenda as a matter of urgency , to demand that Iran protect its citizens and to consider whether it is possible for the 15 Member States of the European Union to adopt a single line on refugees from Iran .
The Union must do all in its power to support the forces of democracy in Iran and express its clear condemnation of the situation .
Understandably , a number of others who are possible targets have gone into hiding .
It is very important for Iran to take this call seriously .
We all know the examples of Congo , Somalia , Sudan , Sierra Leone , Afghanistan and elsewhere , but even in the Union the situation is not as it should be , as 11 of the 15 Member States recruit soldiers aged under 18 .
The first amazed reaction was to ask what we thought we were doing by interfering .
We must nevertheless give it our blessing , which leads me to make the following points .
Above all we must hope that others too - including the groups directly concerned - contribute to the European Union 's culture .
I do not believe it is a good thing for us to subsidise lobby activities directed at the legislator , because as we are that legislator we must surely be best able to do the job ourselves , and also more democratically .
As long as discriminatory actions of this kind continue to exist in countries seeking Union membership , they can be seen as a measure of the extent to which a constitutional state has been established .
Many initiatives were launched during the Year against Racism .
Madam President , I am concerned and horrified by the increased signs of nationalism , and I am convinced that every effort must be made to combat it .
At the time he saw a guide to combating racism as coming at a national rather than European level .
All the Member States have already signed the European Treaty on human rights and have their own constitution .
The amendments introduced by the Transport Committee only improve the directive asking for the introduction of an interim regime where the most up-to-date Rhine-rules apply to all inland waterways covered by the directive as long as there is no valid international agreement .
The scoreboard makes it possible to quickly check which Member States are doing their job and which are lagging behind .
This is not the way to bring decisions closer to the public .
This also goes for the Commission and the Council , despite paragraph 5 of the resolution which calls for as many objectives as possible to be met by 31 December 1998 .
This , Mr Santer , is the first point made in our oral question : we want you to explain this to us .
I agree with those who say - and I shall say it in my conclusion - that confidence between Parliament and the Commission is vitally important to the European Union .
The formal rules of Article 144 of the Treaty will not help you .
You , Mr Santer , have repeatedly said that one of your priorities was to strengthen or introduce a new budgetary and administrative culture .
You said that you wanted to combat fraud , and you said too that your departments faced difficulties because of this inherited burden of bad management .
But above all , fighting fraud is an absolute must .
I shall bring my comments to an end with the following .
What makes us keen to confront the Commission is our belief that we need a strong Commission if we are truly to shape Europe , to develop the Union .
Applause from the Green Group
But the fact remains that you never have the feeling that Parliament is really taken seriously as a partner with a share of the responsibility .
I have a question , however .
These patterns are always the same .
I have the feeling , Mr Santer , that your fresh promises today will not satisfy any of our citizens .
But we are not concerned with a political assessment here .
Your presence here today as a representative of the Council is of great symbolic value .
We welcome the German initiative in an EU manifesto on basic rights as well as the commitment to an international strategy to combat human rights violations and their causes .
It is fair to say that the European Parliament is also finding it difficult to arrive at a coherent solution for these agricultural reforms .
Mr President , the Luxembourg summit put an end to the virtually endless series of non-binding statements about employment .
These were somewhat tempered as the presidency grew closer , but I hope that their policy is not solely for domestic consumption but also for European consumption .
I believe this presidency has made an excellent contribution in this respect