set up by the Bureau does not achieve anything .
Its chairman , who is leaving Parliament to take up other duties , has just postponed the final meeting , at which proposals were supposed to have been made .
It is also known that citizens have complained to the Ombudsman about this administrative defect .
Proposals therefore need to be made without delay .
This is the only way of overcoming the existing problems , which undermine the very legitimacy of Parliament .
This totals around 7 % of Parliament 's entire budget .
However , the Committee on Culture is concerned that the Commission 's plans for the information society do not take this duty seriously enough .
The Committee on Culture has particularly drawn attention to the fact that practical ways of promoting cultural diversity are now needed .
One significant element in cultural diversity is multilingualism .
The Commission ought therefore constantly to be making practical proposals concerning ways of promoting a multilingual information society .
We are witnesses to a development which is nothing short of revolutionary : national tax systems will already be seriously threatened as people start to do their shopping through the Internet .
It is high time to consider the development of the information society from the point of view of people 's needs and as a broad social trend .
A time will come when an ability to use information and communications technology is an absolute precondition for full participation both in working life and in other areas of the life of society .
Only an information society based on equality can strengthen competitiveness and employment .
This is one of the main challenges of lifelong learning , and appropriate materials and methods are needed to meet it .
The extent to which schools are equipped with network connections varies very widely from country to country , as has been observed here .
Professional staff with up-to-date training in the library and information field can also help to find knowledge and afford access to experiences which exist in new forms .
The position of information and communications technology in teacher training and in-service training should be enhanced .
The Commission should also continue its efforts to develop a European multimedia industry so that it genuinely promotes Europe 's linguistic and cultural diversity .
Services can be used , businesses managed and jobs created without it being necessary to move to major population centres .
Even if it were to be assumed that information technology and data communications improve employment , the added value they bring does not by any means in its entirety accrue to the benefit of society through traditional work : to a large extent , job opportunities and purchasing power pass to well educated town-dwellers , while in peripheral regions purchasing power does not grow .
Mrs Boogerd-Quaak 's report is praiseworthy .
I secured an amendment to it warning against the accumulation and globalization of information networks , the marginalization of the less educated and abuse of power .
The opportunities for both users and producers to use services in the information society depend on the existence of state-of-the-art hardware and public infrastructure .
It seems rather alarming if 'general telecommunications services ' are taken to mean providing basic services for certain groups of poor customers who are lagging behind , rather than adopting ambitious development objectives for society as a whole .
Finally I should like to draw the Commission 's attention to the fact that satellite communications and state-of-theart data communications ought to be possible throughout the territory of the Union , particularly in areas where the conventional telecommunications infrastructure is inadequate or outdated .
Mr President , I voted for Mr Tomlinson 's report , but I should like to record an explanation of vote concerning Amendment 15 by Mr De Coene and others .
I abstained on it because I do not feel that it makes sense for Parliament already at this stage to issue a binding instruction to its working party whose task is to consider Members ' travelling expenses and other similiar allowances .
The final part , calling for quick decisions from the working party , is appropriate in my opinion .
During the year he has also managed to adopt a high profile , as the European Parliament asked him to last year .
They should have the right to receive information about the dialogue between the Member State and the Commission .
We look forward with interest to the Ombudsman 's first special report on the subject .
The Amsterdam Treaty already places greater emphasis on openness , but I am sure the Ombudsman has spurred on efforts to increase openness by his very existence .
Unfortunately it did so behind closed doors .
In my opinion this represents a serious failure , because the European Parliament wanted to present itself politically as the champion of openness .
Madam President , whenever biotechnology is debated , industry repeats the mantra of competitiveness in a manner reminiscent of the medieval church .
In today 's newspaper an Austrian agronomist says that small plant-breeding businesses could actually shed jobs because larger enterprises will compete them out of existence .
A patent entails a kind of monopoly .
It could have considered separately , for example , microbiological processes and transgenic animals , but now provisions concerning all these very disparate life forms have been incorporated into the same proposal for a Directive although they really deserve far more differentiated treatment .
Mr President , colleagues , at present the most central and open question in the information society is democracy .
There cannot be a new society without democracy .
This is an important issue , and not merely an economic one .
Democracy means control , but it also means spontaneous participation by all members of the public , for example in electronic dialogue .
