Fiji will have a squad there as part of the World Cup .
The Australian Government wants them banned .
The Australian Government thinks that Fiji should not take part in this competition .
If you speak to the players , whether they be Asian , Polynesian or Melanesian , they will say they want to play , of course .
My specific question to you , Commissioner , is would the Commission advocate sporting bans at this time or not ?
Mr President , in the joint compromise resolution there is a reference to setting a deadline at the end of November for a restoration of democracy .
Would the Commissioner accept that is a suitable target and a suitable deadline ?
Otherwise , the danger is the current government in Fiji will go on negotiating forever , but never come to a conclusion .
Mr President , referring to the text adopted yesterday and the issue of human cloning , item 8 in the English version , paragraph 11 , reads 'considers that any temporary committee set up by this Parliament .... ' .
It does not actually say that such a temporary committee should be set up .
Could we have some guidance as to what the presidency will do about this particular section of the resolution ?
Mr President , my name does not seem to be on yesterday 's attendance list although I did actually sign in .
Mr President , following up the point that Mr Adam made , I presume you will report back at the beginning of the mini-session on the result and , of course , if there is a proposal for the establishment of a temporary committee this House will have to vote on it .
Mr President , paragraph 16 of Mrs Gutiérrez-Cortines ' excellent report calls for training designed to correct school failures .
It would be far better if we could avoid that sort of failure .
The saddest case of all is a school leaver with no qualifications to his credit descending into hopelessness .
A situation which becomes sadder and sadder as the occupations available to those with no qualifications become scarcer and scarcer .
The reason is often that the young teenager is discouraged from learning by the rigidities of an education system that sticks to established lines and tries to fit square pegs into round holes .
I appeal to the Commission to look favourably on a research programme into the use and development of aptitude tests to identify at an early stage - 12 or 13 years old at the latest - what a young person is going to be good at , no matter what that profession , occupation or job may be .
Schools have to respond by providing courses at which young people will succeed .
Success encourages further ambition .
It means satisfied , enthusiastic teenagers instead of discouraged troublemakers .
It means school-leavers with light in their eyes , with excitement about the future , able to contribute to society .
It means school-leavers with a passport to a better and more fulfilling life .
Nothing is more vital to the future of Europe than the young people who are going to build that Europe .
There is not one young person who cannot play his part .
We have to enable this sadly wasted potential to be mobilised and to succeed .
I would like to raise as a point of order the fact that the Quaestors have made a recommendation that during constituency weeks next year MEPs should be allowed a daily allowance if they are in Brussels .
I would like to urge you , Madam President and the Bureau members - I understand this is coming on your agenda very soon - to think very carefully before taking this decision because constituency weeks are a very good idea .
There is a desperate need for MEPs to communicate with the electorate in a much more effective way .
The fact that we had such a poor turnout in the European elections proves that this is the case and , if we allow people to sign in during constituency weeks , we are undermining the whole point of them .
We are giving fuel to the Eurosceptics who think that we are pumping up our own expenses and we look like hypocrites at a time when we are asking the Commission to reform .
Madam President , I urge you and the Bureau members to consider this issue very carefully and turn down the request by the Quaestors .
Since the matter has been raised in the public arena , could I place on record the reason for the Quaestors ' recommendation ?
We believe that the term " constituency weeks " was an unfortunate one .
They are weeks without meetings but they are weeks when the Commission , the Council and all other agents of this Parliament , including the political groups , are hard at work .
If we are going to Nice to ask for more powers for this Parliament it is hardly a good precedent for us to send the whole Parliament off for four weeks , away from the place where they are elected to do their duty .
Consequently , we believe that those Members - and there are many of them - who are writing reports , chairing committees , running groups and have legitimate reasons to be here should , on declaration of those objectives , be able to come and do their work in the place that they were elected to do it .
An alternative proposition is that we start half an hour earlier at 8.30 and then have the voting time at 11 o ' clock .
Mr President , let us put this matter in perspective .
This is not as much of