report of the Committee of Wise Men also makes it clear that the Commission must be bolder in relation to national governments , even with regard to filling certain posts .
In this regard , in truth there is quite a lot of abuse and inappropriate behaviour on the part of Member States themselves and their own institutions .
With close cooperation between Parliament , the Council and the Commission , within three months we have succeeded in establishing the new , independent anti-fraud office OLAF .
With good reason , the report additionally calls for the Commissioners to be directly responsible to Parliament , but the gentlemen' s agreement also brings with it the danger that if we trust it , we could prevent ourselves from actually taking the necessary radical steps .
I would also like to mention another point in this regard .
If this expression is adopted - and I personally am sympathetic to its being so - then this government ( that is to say , the Commission ) is answerable to the European Parliament .
In the interests of democracy in the European Union , this ought not to be repeated .
We must continue building the European Union and strengthening it so that people can accept it as a community of law , a community of freedom , a community of peace in the 21st century .
Secondly , reform of the institutions .
Not everyone shone all the time , but it is easier being the examiner than the examinee .
Thirdly , because the former Commissioners are again standing as candidates , there is still in the end the question of the terms in which they understand their political responsibility as part of a collegiate body .
We therefore have high expectations , Professor Prodi , in connection with our comprehensive affirmation of yourself and of your task as President of the Commission .
I believe that it is either in this Chamber or nowhere at all that the vision of European integration will arise .
Well , I have news for him .
I am not hopeful .
So if I vote "yes " tomorrow , it is because of your esteemed colleagues , Mr Prodi , and not because of you .
Mr President , Mr Prodi , in your speech on 21 July 1999 you said that your bywords were transparency , a sense of responsibility and efficiency .
You spoke in this connection of the need , here and now , for glasnost .
Mr President , Mr President-designate of the Commission , no-one should take the decision regarding the new Commission lightly .
Mr President , with the approval of the Prodi Commission , the European Parliament will tomorrow draw a line under the scandal of the Santer Commission .
We may speak the same European language , but you have not in fact understood us .
What is your view on possibly separating the two areas , either now or in the future ?
It should also include joint minimum regulations for taxation and a number of basic principles .
That must have been socialist policy .
Firstly , Mr Prodi , I would remark that Mr Fischler was very well prepared on the matter of agriculture and provided convincing proof of his specialist knowledge .
It is in their thinking and in their creative activity that we also have to win them over to the European idea .
People will not , however , understand why ten Socialists are to be represented when they ask what influence their votes have really had upon the composition of the European Commission .
That is why it is so important for us to discuss this subject today here in Parliament , too .
We need permanent solutions here .
There is thus a direct involvement in almost all subjects , whether it is asylum , immigration , migration , EUROPOL , whether it is the Charter of Fundamental Rights , or anything else , there is a direct involvement of each individual citizen , male or female , in this matter .
I regret that once again we have to have a debate on internal politics in this Parliament without having the documents of the Council Presidency on the table .
But it does have limited legal validity .
The Council has - for what reasons , I do not understand - assumed total responsibility for this list of fundamental rights .
Our Committee on Constitutional Affairs demands , therefore , that the European Parliament should not collaborate as a mere accessory in such an important process , but as a generator of ideas and decision-maker on the same level as the Council .
The Council grants itself a mandate and then declares that it cannot deviate from this mandate !
Many are looking towards Tampere with great hopes and are expecting considerable steps towards a Europe for the citizens .
The previous President of the European Commission , Jacques Santer , made a remarkable and impressive contribution to this debate .
It is now our task to continue along this path towards democracy and parliamentarianism and , above all , to satisfy the hopes of the countries in central Europe of being able to join our community of law , peace and freedom .
If we here today want to embark on a new beginning , then , as I see it , such a new beginning will just not be possible with both of these gentlemen , and the citizens of Europe have a right to expect that we parliamentarians ensure that only persons of impeccable character feature in this Commission .
Furthermore , he accepted without reservation the proposal from the French government to nominate Pascal Lamy as Commissioner responsible for foreign trade , even though he is the architect of the " Jacques Delors System " , and therefore responsible for the emergence of a completely confusing financial structure within the Commission