I am only sorry that pressure of time meant that we were unable to incorporate it but I intend to put forward three proposals by way of oral amendment .
In taking stock for the first time , we need to consider specifically whether we could have done more - and if so what - and whether and how we could have done things better .
Has the Commission taken into account the comments made in the last report by the Court of Auditors and the relevant suggestions contained in the document on internal policies - submitted by me to the Committee on Budgets which approved it - designed to remedy a number of problems identified in the financial implementation of some aspects of internal policies ?
The real problem - and let us not try to conceal it - is one of political will : if we are to act , we must want to act ; merely proclaiming its importance , as does the Council ritually , is just not enough .
There will be no peace without development .
That is why we have to condemn the circumstances which led to a lack of equality of opportunity and democracy during the election campaign .
First of all , there was the problem of the sources of information which were neither free nor independent .
And so we , the European Parliament and the European Union , together with the international organizations must also guarantee a military presence to safeguard the state of non-belligerence .
There is a clear distinction between the holding of rights and the ownership of rights .
Madam President , I wish to point out that the oral amendment that I have today tabled and with which - I repeat - the Irish President-in-Office was fully in agreement is reproduced in the verbatim report also .
The urgent call for aid and the desperate appeal from several parties in the country is addressed to us , asking us to impose economic sanctions and a total embargo , including a weapons embargo throughout the regions of the Great Lakes : those calls cannot go unheeded , and there has therefore to be an arms embargo .
However , we question how effective this can be unless the European Union speaks with one voice and responds on a collegiate basis to the human tragedies taking place all around the world .
Commissioner Pinheiro , you are well aware that at the UN , in the preparatory meetings to define the position of the European Union , the agenda clearly includes , among other issues , the question of the Court .
We need to tackle the kind of legal and political impunity enjoyed by those guilty of genocide .
I would in fact stress that homosexuals and heterosexuals should have the same social , economic and political rights .
What , Commissioner , happened to those good intentions of involving Parliament from the outset in fundamental agricultural reforms ?
In relation to Parliament too - I venture to say - the decision to divide up urgency in the same way as a rotten apple is cut in two , offering us the good half , that is spending , actually increasing it as stated in the Funk report , and returning the bad half to the sender , that is revenue involving cuts for cereal farmers , does not seem to me a particularly edifying prospect .
Urgency could have been requested in a completely different way from that used by the Council and , above all , in the light of last night 's decisions , I believe that there will be substantial amendments to this proposal when discussed by the Council .
We learnt yesterday that , during the bad years of the so-called 'black hole ' in the fight against BSE , when , after the alarm was raised , practically nothing or very little was done to try to understand the causes or find remedies , we did not have the resources to organize the teams of inspectors , to pay their subsistence , to approach renowned scientists and ask them to help explain the epidemic .
Is there anyone who will tell us further , Madam President , that BSE cannot be a negative factor in other forms of disease as yet unknown to us ?
It is with great satisfaction that we have to thank the Commission , and Commissioner Marín in particular , for continuing along that path and seeking to consolidate it in the best way possible .
Yesterday , we adopted a resolution on the International Criminal Court .
I was appointed rapporteur for the Committee on Budgets for EDICOM.
Madam President , the task assigned to me by the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy , on 8 July last , on the proposal for a Council regulation on aid to shipbuilding , was completed in a very short time , thanks also to the help of very efficient officials .
Madam President , I am also giving this explanation of vote , on behalf of my group , in order to have recorded in the minutes my protest that an issue as important as this should be debated with so few Members present .
At the Conference of Presidents ...
Madam President , you have done something very serious .
I believe this to be the first time in the history of this House that the Commission has deemed it inappropriate to answer an oral question - it was not a report , Madam President , it was an oral question from Mr Hughes .
I know that a corrigendum has been issued .
I would just say to Mr Posselt that I cannot possibly participate in all 20 parliamentary committees .
The amendments put forward by the rapporteur , Mr Sanz Fernández , on behalf of the