Nor , without such knowledge , can we do anything about the problems .
I also wish to emphasise that access to sexual advice , reproductive health care and family planning are important tools in the service of women’s health , as well as of women’s opportunities to participate in society on equal terms and of combating poverty and the ongoing feminisation of poverty .     Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , in spite of the fact that I belong to what certain people – if only a few – call ‘the weaker sex ’ and that I am many hundreds of miles from my children this evening , I want very much to be here debating this important issue .
Sweden became the first country in the world in which the number of women smokers exceeded the number of male smokers , a fact of which I do not feel especially proud .
In the last few days , a major new study carried out by the European Society of Cardiology ( ESC ) was presented , showing for example that women with symptoms of heart disease and vascular disorders generally receive worse care than men , and this in spite of the fact that women’s chances of surviving heart attacks are fewer than men’s .
When it comes to the Northern Dimension , it is therefore , in my view , very important for us to concentrate on results-oriented activity and not on everything under heaven and earth that is north of the fiftieth degree of latitude .
What , then , is important in the Northern Dimension over the next ten or fifteen years ?
It should be noted that , in both cases , Russia has a crucial role to play .
The Baltic consists of brackish water , meaning that flora and fauna that are actually suited to salty sea water or fresh water are in constant danger .
This means that our efforts should be directed at , for example , rescuing flora and fauna , cleaning up after discharges , monitoring marine transport and closing down the Saint Petersburg nuclear plants .     Mr President , the emphatic ‘no’ delivered by the French and the Dutch to the EU Constitution demonstrated that broad swathes of the people we represent want to see less extensive , rather than broader , EU cooperation .
The EU should not , however , conduct a common policy on tourism , as proposed in the report .
That is a completely absurd proposal .
Should the EU dictate to other countries how criminal activity should be combated ?
We advocate an EU with limited influence and shall accordingly vote against this report .     We Swedish Social Democrats voted in favour of the resolution on natural disasters because we are able to support the overall thrust of the resolution .
We think , however , that some of the proposals in the resolution are too detailed and far-reaching .
The EU should not develop a common policy for preventing forest fires .
The report also proposes that a special post be set up in the EU budget for tourism-related measures .
For example , we see no reason for the Commission to prepare a tourist package comprising a survey of current directives on consumer rights within tourism .
Such measures should be developed in the Member States with the parties concerned .     We are voting against this report .
That is an absolutely correct assessment .
It is proposed that a special tourism line should be established in the EU budget .
Like many other issues in connection with which there are different solutions and traditions in the different Member States , issues of gender equality and of health care and medical treatment should be dealt with at national level .
One way of developing and improving health care and medical treatment , without , for example , the EU interfering in national health strategies or the Commission being required to carry out investigations into certain tendencies within health care , is through best practice and the exchange of information between the Member States , hospitals , research institutes and other affected parties , this being a development we should sincerely welcome .     The own-initiative report on gender discrimination in health systems addresses many very important issues affecting women’s health , especially the fact that it is male physiognomy that is the point of departure in modern medicine , in spite of the fact that there clearly are significant biological differences between the sexes .
A good many of the proposals presented infringe the sovereignty of the Member States and also encroach on the right of individuals to take their own decisions affecting their own lives .
We can understand the need for European Schools designed to provide mother-tongue education to the children of EU officials .
We believe that a more flexible solution needs to be found when it comes to the education of EU officials ’ children .
The system of European Schools appears to have had its day .
If we can give these diseases a higher profile and mobilise the same resources , it will be possible to reduce the suffering of millions of people .
Public funds need to be invested in this area , for the children of the developing world have no way of financing their medical needs themselves .
How developed a civilisation is may be judged on the basis of how it deals with its most vulnerable members .
The world’s most vulnerable group consists precisely of these poor and sick children .
However , we have our doubts about the EU expressing views on the way in which the pharmaceutical industry prices different products .
What should also be drawn attention to are the African governments that deduct sales or import tax on antiretroviral and other medicines .
The June List recommends limited EU cooperation .
For me