As I said , the Iraqi crisis is throwing up new issues or is perhaps highlighting the problems of the times we live in : how to deal with countries with weapons of mass destruction , how to address the fear that weapons of mass destruction might fall into terrorist hands ; I think that , here too , Europe has a vital role to play .
This invaluable experience can guide us and give us an important base from which to deal with new problems in other regions of the world .
I should just like to say that I wish I had more time for debate and could spend more time here in the House .
On 11 September 2001 , every nation and government in Europe without exception rallied round the United States of America when it came under terrorist attack .
At the same time , as regards the candidate countries , which are somewhat differentiated when it comes to the possibility of a unified stance , Europe needs to take care as it builds its future within the Convention , which is laying down new ground rules in the form of a constitution , that it does not cause internal rifts which do not then close .
We have to realise that international conventions need to reflect the new state of play in a considered manner , using procedures which do not cause rifts .
We spoke with one voice on Iraq , on the embargo against the Iraqi people .
We need to tell our American friends that their perception leads to trouble , trouble which is not even in America 's interest .
Mr President-in-Office of the Council , first may I thank the Greek Presidency for all its efforts and its successful actions , which had two objectives : to avoid war and to present the European Union with a united front and a united policy .
The question is , will the Greek Presidency and the European Union respond to the massive opposition being voiced by our and the American people and prevent this senseless crime ?
We must bar the road to ruin !
These are difficult times , but we have ability and experience on our side ; the experience of previous Greek presidencies and of the administration of the late Andreas Papandreou , who was firmly in favour of peace and the autonomy of Europe .
No presidency has been in the privileged position of having the people of Europe take to the streets and standing united .
They need a common reference point , not just Mr Schroeder or Mr Chirac ; they also need Mr Simitis , the head of the Greek Presidency .
In other words , it is being called on to choose between the principles and rules set out in the UN Charter and the material components of Washington 's new strategic dogma , which favours a Weltanschauung of pre-emptive strikes , unilateral violent intervention , undermining of the UN and expedient , supposedly voluntary alliances determined by the military operation of the day , rather than fundamental , procedural privileges in keeping with the international legal order which has applied in the past .
As the President said , this is a very interesting debate and I should like to try and respond to 3 or 4 basic questions which all of you have raised in one way or another .
The final objective is quite specific and we are all agreed on it .
However , and this is a personal opinion based on my own experience , after monitoring the Security Council and the General Affairs Council very closely over recent weeks , I believe , as Kofi Annan said , that we too bear a considerable responsibility .
We know what the consequences of war are ; they are manifold and unpleasant and the Council has naturally insisted that every initiative should be exhausted .
Indeed , we did succeed in putting inspectors into Iraq , in getting inspections under way and in making progress with disarmament ; but certain Member States of the European Union take a different view .
Are there specific targets which would allow us to assess whether Saddam Hussein has taken the strategic decision to disarm at the insistence of the Americans and the British ?
Even in the Security Council , the two sides to the debate have already agreed that there has to be a cut-off point , but of course they differ as to where that cut-off point is .
We need to continue in our diplomatic efforts to resolve the crisis peacefully .
However , we do have a common position .
Of course , the final decision as to what we are going to do about Iraq does not rest with the European Union .
We can play a part on the political stage if we work hard - large , small and medium-sized countries together , with a strong , united , European voice .
That brings me to the question of Europe 's presence .
Secondly , the question of our basic decision to develop our defence capabilities , the technological and industrial resources at our disposal and , more importantly , the question of Europe 's credibility , so that it can submit its own proposals for dealing with major issues , such as the issue of weapons of mass destruction , the issue of terrorism and so on .
Finally , as far as a European voice is concerned , I have a couple of comments to make about enlargement .
It means integrating them into a democratic society of values ; at the same time , the message to them is that democracy also means being able to combine these views into a common strategy on numerous issues .
This would only obscure the real dialogue and the real debate needed .
How