day , we shall be asked to explain what we have done well , what we have done badly , and what we have not done at all .
' Parmesan' means 'from Parma' , not Australia or the United States , and this applies equally to all European geographic indications .
So for this reason , given everything we have to lose on geographic indications and risks on the Internet , the impression - for now - is that the agreement represents only a disadvantage and on this basis , perhaps it is better to let it drop .
Our Parliament , which represents the European nations and citizens , must play a more active role in these matters , and the other European institutions must get used to the idea that a parliament must be informed of the spending decisions made by an executive : at stake is the effectiveness not only of individual actions , but of the democratic nature of the European political system as a whole .
By adopting these procedures the European Parliament will assume a more important role with regard to the strategic financing decisions that the European Commission will have to make , and the rules for implementing EU development policy will be more clearly defined .
I believe that the European Union should take a step forward in guaranteeing greater protection for European consumers .
At the same time , Europe is bringing its legislation into line with that of its most influential trade partners .
The aim is to create a level playing field between European producers and producers from third countries ( the United States , Japan and Canada ) , which , moreover , as stated just now , lead the way where these kinds of measures are concerned .
European citizens have the right to know the origin of the goods they buy in the same way as other consumers throughout the world .
We Italian Members are working on a text that would go a long way towards making origin marking mandatory .
From an economic and political point of view , the association of European legislation and standardisation has proved decisive for the free movement of goods and has helped eliminate barriers to free trade within the European single market , through the harmonisation of technical standards .
It is precisely for this reason that we are today sending a message to the Commission that is not aimed at the complete overhaul of the system - it does not require radical changes - but that demonstrates our intention to see it maintain its numerous positive elements , with new ones alongside them , in order to strike the right balance between the European , national and international dimensions .
I am in favour of the report since it aims to review the European standardisation system in order to strike the right balance between the European and national dimensions .
We support the approach that consists of coordination and cooperation with third countries in maritime surveillance matters , with the aim of creating a common information sharing environment and of integrating the various national coastguard services .
We absolutely must ensure that the communication between and integration of the various sectors that come under maritime policy are a success for a whole host of reasons linked to efficiency , competitiveness , and respect for and protection of the marine environment .
I believe that certain issues should be emphasised .
We can only welcome the strengthening of trade relations , provided that development policies are monitored so that they continue to act as an incentive for improvements .
In view of all these points , I believe that Europe must continue to play its role as a preferential trade partner , guide and special point of reference for all the countries in the region .
It follows that if we wish to achieve interoperability of the European networks , we have to guarantee interoperability of the factors that go hand-in-hand with this , for example the energy system , the control-and-command systems , signalling and , not least , the rolling stock .
For instance , it has been made compulsory for the Member States to notify the competent authorities so that they can alert the emergency services throughout the territory to be crossed .
We welcome then the extension and automation envisaged and the setting-up of an information system with a common data-base which has a twofold function : firstly , to eliminate the incompatibility between the various systems of data preparation and , therefore , simplify customs procedures and , secondly , to serve as a useful instrument to combat fraud and illegal trafficking - a task that has assumed great importance since the creation of the single market and one to which the customs authorities can now devote all of the resources that are gradually being freed up .
And if this is our approach to the problem , our starting point , then our response cannot be simple , simplistic , superficial or oversimplified .
We cannot tolerate that kind of destructive and superficial attitude to the tragedy of drug-addicts and their families , this social tragedy .
We need - and have proposed this - to make progress on the path to dialogue rejecting all radical approaches .
But the amendment tabled by the Committee on the Environment , Health and Consumer Protection sought , in cases of that nature too , to place the accent on rehabilitation and not punishment .
I wish to take this opportunity also to thank those high-level political representatives , including those from Morocco , who worked for this agreement finally to be achieved .
I have to say here that any further agreement will need to be based essentially on the procedures and proper application of the current agreement and on the type of relationship based on genuine partnership that we are able to establish over the next four years .
