conventions to which the countries concerned have acceded and upon the legal practice which the Council of Europe ' s Court of Human Rights has developed in such a distinguished way since the Second World War .
The EU should not be changing or reinventing things .
Instead , the EU should have the status of a legal person , it should accede to the human rights conventions and , in that way , guarantee that human rights are respected , including in countries where the EU has jurisdiction .
Fortunately , it is developing the whole time .
I also hope that there will soon be a judgement ensuring that citizens are not only entitled to form trade unions but also to be free to join them .
We have obtained conventions on bio-ethics and on the protection of personal data and private life , but I should especially like today to draw your attention to two new conventions from 1995 and 1998 concerning national minorities .
We must demand of the candidate States , including Turkey , that , if they want to be a part of the Community , they have to guarantee that national minorities are able to lead their daily lives in peace , using the language they have always spoken in the area concerned .
They should also guarantee that they will do so in the future and should therefore sign and ratify the conventions , as they would also wish to do , if they have not already done so .
Let us therefore urgently entreat those countries which have not ratified these conventions on national minorities to see to it that this is done straight away .
After five years , two Member States have still not signed the Convention for the Protection of National Minorities .
They are Belgium and France which otherwise , of course , show such a keen interest in the situations in other countries .
The demands we impose upon others we must also impose upon ourselves .
Remember , too , the Charter for Regional and Minority Languages and remember the Convention for the International War Crimes Tribunal , which only Italy has ratified .
I also want to mention the Convention against Torture , which Ireland has still not ratified .
I could talk at length , partly about the conditions to which asylum seekers are subject in our Member States .
I could also mention children ' s rights , which are a huge problem , including in a number of candidate States .
Finally , I want to say that we should perhaps have certain new tools for monitoring human rights , and I would point out that , when it comes to national minorities , it would perhaps be an idea if , in conjunction with the Monitoring Centre for Racism and Xenophobia in Vienna , we were also to have the treatment of national minority languages monitored .
I would also mention my proposal that we should have a supervisory body responsible for monitoring effectively the protection of personal data and the right to private life .
Technology is developing and so too , therefore , must our instruments for the protection of human rights .
I am obliged to destroy the good humour of this House , for 25 years ' experience of intense discussion and analysis of human rights shows that good intentions combined with massive ignorance of the reality involved produce some terrible results or , to put it in ordinary plain language , " Everyone talks about the weather , but no one does anything about it " .
I want to make three small points .
This is something which the EU' s institutions should have thought about in 1991-1992 when , in contravention of the rules applicable to the protection of minorities , they recognised firstly Slovenia and subsequently Croatia and , in the process , added fuel to the flames of what subsequently became the Balkans disaster .
To insist on incorporating the Charter of Fundamental Human Rights into the EU' s constitution - or , rather , into the EU Treaty - would not merely entail a number of huge and insuperable constitutional problems , especially in a country like Denmark , but it would also make the EU Treaty into a genuine constitution incorporating fundamental rights .
The result of an EU Charter would be an endlessly complicated morass of legal and constitutional problems .
Are the rights guaranteed under the Convention on Human Rights better than those guaranteed under the EU' s Charter ?
Is the latter , again , better than the national constitutions ?
That is a question which has no meaning .
It is with satisfaction and much interest that I see that paragraph 61 emphasises the collective right to trade union membership .
I want to congratulate Mr Haarder on the new political insight on his part which is evidenced here .
Mr President , I should like to express my thanks for the broad support given to the main features of this report .
It is therefore important that we in this Parliament should obtain broad agreement on this issue , for a right cannot , of course , be universal if half of Parliament is opposed to it .
I should like to tell her that I am also delighted to vote for the further amendments which she has tabled and which we shall be voting on tomorrow .
I should like to express my gratitude for the broad agreement we have obtained in connection with this report .
I think this is commendable , especially this year when human rights have been so high on the agenda of the European Union .
Finally , I would say to Mr Krarup that he must withdraw his expression of delight at the change in paragraph 61 , because this was an error pure and simple .
