, as has already been said , to achieve the support of most of the political groups in this House .
With regard to the legal base , I disagree with the last speaker but I agree with Mr Pérez Royo , given that the difference between substantive law , which characterises the essential elements of the tax system , and formal law , which was set up in order to guarantee that these obligations are met , is well known .
Consequently , I wish to put forward the idea that , until there is scientific evidence to support it , we should neither gratuitously request that the age for obligatory BSE testing be lowered , nor should we ask for the list of risk material to be extended .
It is also true that , from 1990 to 1999 , greenhouse gas emissions were reduced in Europe , but it must be said that this is due , to a large extent , to two countries in particular , for very specific reasons .
I also agree with Mr Moreira da Silva that the balance that has been achieved should be left alone , for , as many of my fellow Members have already said , Mrs Wallström and this Parliament have done some great work and , although it may be modest , the step forward is very significant .
This is demonstrated by the data in Mr Moreira da Silva ' s resolution .
At the same time , we must focus on those who wish to become citizens of the European Union , the citizens of the candidate countries and try to engage them in the most noble aspect of our great adventure , which is not simply discussing budgetary issues , but sharing a common destiny founded on peace and democracy .
In this regard , I also wish to thank you for having mentioned the work of the members of my Group , who are also Members of this Parliament , but whom you mentioned specifically .
It is constitutionally essential if Parliament is going to be a member of the European Union with full rights .
This is an absolutely crucial issue and we must prevent a drastic reduction of our powers and a return to commitology .
Furthermore , it must be able to push forward and develop something on which we can all agree .
Within this defence of our prerogatives and this maintaining of better relations with the other two institutions , in which we all have an interest , there is , nevertheless , one aspect that you touched on briefly and on which I should like to focus : access to the 'screening ' documents for the candidate countries which , to date , are being denied us .
This has been said on various occasions and is one of the great challenges overall , not just for the European institutions .
Mr President , you are a magnificent representative of what this House stands for .
I believe the position of my country as a great proponent of the area of security , justice and freedom is well known .
We are obviously aware of the feeling in the European Parliament that it did not have enough time to debate these issues and I should , therefore , like to clarify that the two framework Decisions respond to the European Parliament ' s request to the Council in its Resolution of 5 November 2001 , to adopt measures to this end .
Clearly , the Treaty contains no provision that obliges the Council to consult or inform Parliament on this confidential document , which , in any event , would lose its value if it were discussed in public , and is ultimately intended for the antiterrorist services of the Member States .
Under the Rule of Law , democratic dialogue must be based on mutual trust and non-violence , with the aim of defending democracy , precisely as we stated in one of the report ' s sections on the Union ' s role in the fight against terrorism .
We will be doing so for the reasons that I have explained , but I should now like , ladies and gentlemen , to tell you why we will be voting against the amendments that have been tabled .
I was saying , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , that my group is pleased at the approval of these two instruments .
In my view , no effort to put an end to this is too great .
They are also adequate for the time being .
We have lost years of freedom and human lives and we have buried friends , dear friends , who would have been with us here today .
This Parliament is merely consulted .
Mr President , today we have genuine reason to be pleased , because I am convinced that , with the approval , in a few minutes , of Mr Watson ' s reports , we will be taking another important step towards the creation of the common European area of justice , freedom and security that we all wish to see .
Mr President , having heard all the speeches , the Presidency of the Council wishes to join in expressing its pleasure that today a major decision is being taken ; the decision to approve these two Watson reports .
I should like to take this opportunity to thank the previous Presidencies of the Union for the considerable effort they have made throughout this process , since it has been a gradual process to bring us up to the point we have now reached .
This final text , adopted ad referendum , since a formal closing session could not be held in New York , consists of 73 numbered sections and reflects the spirit of consensus in which it was drawn up