My second point concerns the agencies , of which we are acquiring an ever-greater number .
Finally , I should like to mention that the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs attaches importance to priority 's being given in the Budget to the new strategy relating to the working environment .
Mr President , I should like to thank the Spanish Presidency for its undertaking to open Council meetings up to the public during the first and last readings .
We are now overtaking North Korea , which is the only country in the world that prefers to legislate behind closed doors .
All other countries in the world still wish to be more open than ourselves .
If that pledge is fulfilled , Spain will be able to go down in history as the presidency which opened up the EU in earnest .
In Seville , however , France and Luxembourg blocked a more extensive opening-up of Council meetings .
Mr Chirac said 'no' , together with Mr Jean?Claude Juncker .
A comment , now , on the famous telephone conversation between Mr Prodi and Mr Aznar .
Would you propose a treaty amendment entitling all prime ministers to telephone the President of the Commission on a Sunday in order to have a proposal deferred and inconvenient officials dismissed on the Monday ?
Personally , I should like to see the prime minister - and , hopefully , his delightful wife too - have the opportunity to take some holiday now .
The Council declarations devote an incredible number of lines , not to mention pages , to illegal immigration .
The issue comes down entirely to whether the causes are to be tackled or whether a ' Fortress Europe ' is to be created .
According to that document , the European Council draws attention to the importance of economic cooperation .
We shall continue to have illegal immigration if we do not bring about sensible cooperation with the developing countries and , as long as we do nothing , illegal immigrants cannot be blamed for coming to Europe .
Mr President , the two draft regulations and reports we are debating today are important supplements to the Directive on the deliberate release of GMOs into the environment , which we adopted last year .
Rules on traceability and labelling are obviously vital , partly so that effective quality control can be carried out but also so that products can be withdrawn from the market if unforeseen damage to our health or the environment should occur and , finally , so that consumers , as consumers , can also be given a real choice between GM and non-GM products .
We are to be informed as to whether a product consists of , or contains , genetically modified organisms and we are also to be informed as to whether a product has been made from genetically modified organisms .
As consumers , we are obviously entitled to be informed both about the content of the foods we consume and about the methods used to produce them .
Allow me now to make an observation about the multinational chemical concerns behind GM products , as well as about the British Government which is , of course , adopting the extraordinary position that there must be no labelling , except for businesses ' being allowed to label their products GM-free .
The first reason for this is that companies would probably not make very much use of the scheme , for it would of course be voluntary .
The second reason , however , is that such a scheme would leave consumers completely in the lurch .
The scheme would not provide consumers with the relevant information , and that is of course also the intention behind the chemical industry 's wishes .
Finally , it would become completely impossible to trace genetically modified organisms if there were no positive labelling of these at all the stages of production and distribution .
There would then of course be no possibility of tracing genetically modified organisms which might have proved to have had harmful effects on our health or on the environment .
I simply do not understand industry 's marketing strategy for GM products .
Does it really believe that confidence in genetically manipulated foodstuffs can be created in that way ?
As a result of their constantly encountering the attitude that consumers should know as little as possible , they lack confidence in these products .
It was something to which Parliament attached a lot of importance when we issued our opinion and , in the same context , we also attached importance to the exchange of best practice .
We proposed that use be made of the Dublin Institute which already has experience of the exchange of good practice between the two sides of industry and which has a large network .
Have the costs there will be in connection with providing small and medium-sized enterprises with information about corporate social responsibility been included in the budget ?
Mr President , in 1994 , there were 179 countries , including all the EU countries , which adopted the ICPD Programme on universal access to reproductive health by 2015 .
I was just recently at the American Congress in Washington in connection with a hearing concerning Mr Bush 's Mexico City Policy .
Why ?
Any woman who has unintentionally become pregnant and refers herself to a clinic for an abortion instead of carrying out the abortion herself is always made aware of options other than abortion , informed about how she might avoid an unwanted pregnancy in the future and alerted to the possibility of HIV infection .
The campaign conducted by opponents of abortion against the report is therefore absurd and , in certain cases , downright unsavoury .
Statements such as these are an insult to our intelligence , but should also be followed up by libel proceedings