I welcome this .
What is happening about competition between airports ?
If I have understood correctly , we have not yet accomplished this , and airport classification should help solve that problem .
Is it being repealed ?
Given that the noise certification standards have not been adapted since 1977 and that aviation has expanded so enormously since then , I believe it to be of huge importance that we agree on a drastic approach very quickly .
I also welcome the support that you continue to pledge with regard to the Belgian presidency .
We must also ensure that the European Union takes steps in Macedonia to promote the peaceful co-existence of the two nations and the prevention of any future explosions in the Balkans in this respect .
And the best way to deal with stones and anti-democracy is to defend our own European democracy , explain to our citizens why we need Europe , enter into a debate with them and show them concrete results .
And that was also the case with regard to possibly the most sensitive and most complex problem for Europe , FYROM/Macedonia .
I should like to thank you for this .
The conclusions of the European Council in Göteborg do not really address this cardinal issue .
It is precisely this objective that requires balanced , European action in the region .
I wholehearted agree with everything that has been written in this connection , for example to the effect that trends which threaten the future quality of our lives must be reversed .
We also want you to proceed with the agenda and add a concrete dimension to the issues .
Not simply information , therefore , but also consultation .
I am drawing on my practical experience as advisor to works councils and trade unions , when I encountered difficulties of this kind on a daily basis .
In this connection , the Board must have the company ' s continuity in mind .
Mr Bolkestein has agreed to have studies carried out into a number of points .
Besides , I am of the opinion that studies should have been carried out during the twelve years of preparation , not after adopting the directive , but that is just by the by .
It is also the most exciting European project to date .
They can witness it for themselves .
It benefits the public .
These have surfaced following research carried out within industry , which shows that the practical problems would really be enormous if we were not to distribute euro notes beforehand .
Of course , there are technical measures that could be taken , and I know that the ECB is also in favour of these : banks opening on 1 January , frontloading of euro coins , as is happening in a number of Member States , providing shopkeepers with better insurance and loading cash machines with small notes .
Mr President , Mrs Randzio-Plath ' s report is , bar one paragraph , a balanced report .
There is room for improvement in its communication with the financial markets and society .
People in Europe will surely not be the only ones footing the bill and experiencing the disadvantages without gaining any benefits .
Confidence in a currency is fundamental to every modern economy .
Along with the availability of euros , payment by bank card is another bottleneck .
It would give an indication of the amount requested and would make it possible to plan ahead .
Firstly , information must be more extensive , more dynamic , more effective and oriented more towards the target group .
In this connection , the Commission was right to use three pillars as a starting point .
Mr President , I should like to thank everyone and hope that the Council will produce a Directive soon .
What are the roles of the first , second and third pillars ?
In the corridors , it appears that Member States know very well that their pensions are not sustainable .
Member States have followed suit and monitored each other .
What are your plans in that connection ?
Needless to say , I can only consider the incineration of separate waste and , more specifically , the biologically degradable component of industrial and household waste , as a renewable energy source .
Europe was prepared to take the lead , for the US could not be counted on then either .
We must now prove that we are prepared to face the challenge .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I should like to congratulate the rapporteur , Mrs Flesch , on the excellent result that she has achieved within the Committee on Industry , External Trade , Research and Energy , in consultation with the Commission and the Council .
Consequently , no further amendments have been tabled for this plenary .
All interested organisations must be represented in the register .
Mr President , I should first of all like to thank the rapporteur for her outstanding cooperation and the excellent way in which she has worded her report .
The second model prescribes subsequent intervention in the unlikely event of improper use or speculation .
Finally , my third point .
We know that a huge proportion of the spectrum is used by the military .
Secondly , Member States must be transparent in terms of the use of the military spectrum .
Madam President , I learned yesterday that the Bureau was to make a statement today about the memorandum being prepared by this House on enlargement .
Madam President , Prime Minister , ladies and gentlemen , it has already been said more than once that the Belgian Presidency comes at a crucial moment .
Be that as it may , the merits of this Belgian Presidency will be largely judged by its internal achievements .
However , we know that you are undaunted and we wish you the success you deserve .
We