I hope that in the very near future Parliament will consider enhancing the Ombudsman 's investigative powers .
If that happens , the Petitions Committee would expect to be fully and carefully consulted by the Constitutional Affairs Committee .
We are , as I have already said , the committee with responsibility for relations with the Ombudsman and we work closely with him .
The EPP/ED Group supports this report therefore and hopes that this , along with the Bösch report on the Ombudsman 's report on recruitment procedures , is a sign of the European Parliament 's continued commitment to increasing transparency and accountability .
We do not need extra work and we do not want to see examples of maladministration , but it is important that we remind European citizens that the office of Ombudsman is there to help them if problems of maladministration arise .
A lot of people unfairly criticise us for the democratic deficit .
The Ombudsman 's office certainly helps to redress that democratic deficit .
Mr President , if the European Union is to have any future it needs the supports of its citizens and this can only be achieved if people trust the Union and its institutions .
As things stand , the institutions are too often experienced as remote and bureaucratic - something which has had negative repercussions for Parliament as shown , for instance , in the low turnout in the last elections .
Taking part in competitions for jobs in the European Union is for many people their first close-up experience of the European institutions .
Any doubts concerning the fairness of the competitions must therefore be taken seriously .
The fact that these competitions have been surrounded by suspicions of irregularities and favouritism in the media has been quite damaging to the public perception of the institutions .
Having good staff and officials is obviously in itself essential for well-functioning institutions and this can only be assured if the recruitment procedure is impartial and as objective as possible .
Transparency in the procedure , with due respect for the independence of the boards , is central in this regard .
Allowing the candidates to see their marked tests is a simple means of increasing transparency and confidence in the procedure for the recruitment of European civil servants .
The Ombudsman 's initiative and recommendations can therefore be warmly welcomed , as can the decision by the Commission to follow them .
The example should be followed by all other institutions and bodies , as the Committee on Petitions has recommended .
It is vital to the construction and administration of a multinational community such as the EU that there should be no suspicions whatever of discrimination between candidates for posts in the administration , whether on national or other grounds .
I therefore thank the Ombudsman for his report , which I fully support .
I also thank the Commission for having agreed to follow the Ombudsman 's recommendation to allow the candidates access to their marked tests in future competitions .
I call for all other institutions to follow this example .
Mr President , before I begin may I also recommend that while they are replacing the wiring they could paint all the black walls white or some other colour .
May I begin by congratulating Mr Bösch on an excellent report and also congratulate the European Ombudsman on the work he is doing .
I know that , though this was before my day , there was concern in the House about whether to have an Ombudsman at all , because it would then seem like a conflict of interests .
But history has shown that this is not the case and that an Ombudsman does work very hard to protect the interests of our constituents and becomes a point of access for legitimising complaints and finding out what has gone wrong .
I had the privilege of serving on the select committee on the Ombudsman in the House of Commons and that was a very powerful committee .
We could summon anyone in the country before the Ombudsman committee , and the select committee procedure which I will discuss in two minutes is something that we could learn from .
Citizens of the European Union should receive a positive impression when encountering the Community institutions .
The question is , has this been achieved ?
I fear that the short answer is : "no" . Clearly , as this report reflects , improvements are being made .
I congratulate the Commission on accepting the four recommendations made in the special report on the Ombudsman .
Access to official documents by citizens of the Union is a hallmark of a responsible and fully functioning democracy .
The fact that applicants for Community institution jobs should see their marked scripts shows that institutions are confident in the way they run their application and selection procedures .
It is a hallmark of a confident democracy if the processes by which selection is made is done openly and without any recourse to confidentiality or secrecy .
In the select committees of the House of Commons we had the power to introduce a regime of monitoring of every level of the executive , not only the ministers in the same way we monitor the Commission sometimes in terms of them coming here and answering questions , but a two-hour session with the particular minister with officials in attendance where the elected Members could ask questions and be prepared to ask questions in detail and to get detailed answers .
This is the beginning of opening up the process of government and making it transparent .
In our resolution we talk about transparent government and we should start to implement it in the European Parliament .
Mr President , I would like to speak in favour of Mr Goebbels ' proposal .
I leave this matter to the House .
It is for