is also a matter of common concern to the peoples of Europe and Russia .
On 27 October 2003 , Commissioner Patten had the following to say about his contacts with the Russian Government , and I quote : ‘My unusual opinion is that you do not achieve anything with friendly meetings .
You have to look at what you get from the other party .
Why does Europe not do this in relation to the war in Chechnya ?     .
Consumers are often prepared to pay more for a product that claims to benefit their health , but they should then be able to rely on that .
I hope that a majority in this House will take this line and will not repeal Article 4 .
I find it disappointing that some people , even within our group , are against the ban on claims for alcoholic drinks .
We must not now bow to the pressure of companies that are frightened about being unmasked .
Consumers want to be able to make a choice , and that choice has to be offered to them .
I do not know if Mrs Corbey is doing the same – obviously not – but if I were to tell people in my country not to worry , for Brussels would soon tell them what they can and cannot eat , then this Treaty would be voted down completely .
That this is a tricky subject is illustrated , moreover , by the outcome of the vote in the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Food Safety .
We want Article 4 reinstated , and let me finish off by saying that if it is not – not even in a diluted form – then we will be voting against the proposal .     Madam President , I do not know whether the average European now lives more healthily than they once did , but it is a fact that many people are tending , in certain ways , to become more healthy , and I do not think that that is such a bad thing .
We know that nothing has been left to chance , and that the Commission , the competent or representative organisations from all quarters , and also this House , have put an enormous amount of preparatory work into this .
We would like the Commission to consider the different scenarios that might arise and assess the effects that they might bring to competition in , and the pricing of , listing services , trading services , information services and , not least , important posttrade services , clearing and settlement .
That was more than speculation .
Therefore , the possible effects of the Commission ’s ambitions as regards integration of the financial markets and the regulation and supervision of different scenarios should also be part of the assessment we are asking for .
I therefore hope that the Commission , as indeed the Council , will accommodate , in a positive sense , the emphases which we will be placing today in the report on which we will be voting later on .
Lisbon also means , however , that we must ensure that people who are now being sidelined , are unable to work or are disabled , as a result of which they are unable sufficiently to reconcile work with a professional life , are also given a chance on the labour market by means of the social framework which we would like to have in Europe .
I hope that , with the emphases we will be placing during the vote , we will manage to make the social agenda more practical .     .
Parliament has , for example , for a very long time been asking for a revision of the directive on the European works council or a directive on the protection of employees in the case of individual dismissal .
In Modification 12 , the rapporteur argues in favour of more objective information about the controversial research into genetically modified organisms and about embryonic stem cell research .
I should add , though , that this should not lead to a superficial discussion , but that it is very important to do more than scratch the surface and , particularly , to give the specialist committee a role in its specific field .
I thought I ought to vote in favour of Amendment 29 which abolishes the nutrient profiles proposed by the Commission .
This agreement between the Community of European Railways ( industry ) and the European Transport Workers ’ Federation ( trade unions ) is surplus to requirements as we already have a Working Time Directive ( 2003/8 8 ) that does a fine job of incorporating mobile workers in its remit .
In addition , the VVD cannot see the point of promoting a model for European education and training .
In addition , we have proposed a number of amendments , on a few key points of which there is , fortunately agreement , but the Committee believes that ultimate proposal does not go far enough , particularly with regard to the flexibility that we have to offer to the Member States where the objectives of energy efficiency are concerned .
Consideration should be given to the different degrees of energy efficiency that exist in the Member States .
The proposal to introduce benchmarks will certainly encourage the spread of best practice , but it is important to set up a possible benchmark system in such a way as to ensure that it does not produce paperwork that cancels out the value added by the benchmarks .     Madam President , if I may come straight to the point , we are , today , saying a heartfelt ‘yes ’ to a European approach for more efficient energy use , but I should like to start by congratulating Mrs Rothe and the Commission on the proposal and the report on energy efficiency .
