They simply express regret at the loss of human life and the 'collateral damage ' .
The resolution adopted by Parliament today will go down in the political history of this House as the centrepiece of a total failure of political memory , typical of the political hysteria now being generated by media manipulation in the interests of those who gain from war and aggression , and ignoring the values of peace , justice and the sovereignty of nations .
As these are very high for road transport , including noise , atmospheric pollution and accidents , as demonstrated in the diagrams presented by the rapporteur , there is every justification for making users pay more .
So we totally support the rapporteur 's call for private car use to be properly taken into account when distributing the costs of road transport .
Mr President , Commissioner , I would first like to say that the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy is pleased with the two directives that have been presented to us , as we believe that extending the provisions to non-bank issuers of electronic money is a good way of stimulating competition in this area whilst improving the quality of service offered and the prices charged to consumers .
Well , Commissioner , we on the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs think that the various forms of electronic money are of vital importance for implementing the euro as quickly as possible before the coins and notes come into circulation .
We have tabled these amendments because we consider it essential , Commissioner , for the Commission to bring forward draft directives on this subject , so that there is a set of regulations which everyone recognises and which provides a guarantee for every citizen in Europe .
For all these reasons , we urge the European Parliament to approve a resolution drawing the attention of the Indonesian authorities to the need to restore legality , to the need to halt these massacres , to the need for the armed forces to defend rather than attack the public , to the need to free Xanana Gusmão , and to the need for the United Nations to continue to support Portugal 's efforts to restore peace in East Timor and throughout Indonesia .
We are demanding that those responsible for these criminal acts should be held to account .
We are accordingly sending a message which expresses our indignation at these events , a message of solidarity with Xanana Gusmão and with the people of East Timor , and we call upon the UN and other international bodies to intervene .
We expect something to come out of Cologne .
Fraud and theft are now a way of life and are turning into a scientific study .
Anyone , like us , who participated in the Action Committee on BSE and the Committee of Inquiry into Community Transit can say that the ideal of a Europe without borders has indeed been created , but without borders and without control .
The first one concerns the granting of discharge for 1997 for the Commission and for the Economic and Social Committee .
I will not go into the discharge procedure for 1996 and the Commission , as I feel that the facts of the matter and the responsibilities assumed speak for themselves .
Like you , we are also proud of the enormous effort which was needed to bring certain countries , in particular yours and mine , into the leading group of the European Union and into the euro .
Do you consider that the current institutional framework in which the Commission lies , formed by the principle of parity and equality between Member States , is an essential and historic principle of the Union or do you adhere to the more contemporary arguments which press for prompt and urgent reform ?
We must put the situation into perspective .
The latter is experiencing an exceptional period of nine consecutive years of economic expansion , sustained by the dynamics of consumption , private investment and the capital market .
The main challenge now facing Europe is to develop a new policy mix which firmly links the creation of stable jobs with lasting and sustainable economic growth .
The stability and growth pact put forward , as with that of other countries , is based on unrealistic and overly optimistic assumptions and will not enable progress to be made towards the aim of rectifying the budget deficits , which is vital to a healthy system of public finances .
They are also supporting and rearming a movement which everyone regarded as a terrorist and fundamentalist organisation until recently .
The standard of living of its people has continued to fall , insecurity and the influence of various mafias have increased alarmingly and the country is heading towards disintegration .
In terms of stability and security , joint initiatives must be proposed to Russia on foreign policy , through contacts made by the High Representative for the CFSP , and on increasing Russian participation when the EU uses the Western European Union for operations commonly known as ' Petersberg tasks ' .
We will therefore vote in favour of this and will not support any postponement .
We said that in some cases travel allowances should be used to compensate for other expenses and that only journeys actually made should be reimbursed , with an amount corresponding to what these really cost .
How can we escape from this impasse ?
Our only regret is that we have come to this point and so , as we would do in any case , we will vote in line with the position we accepted previously .
I have read , listened and reflected .
I also have my doubts about the European specific constituent authority .
In particular , they must take account of