with .
So long as this situation continues , it is the duty of the European Union and of this Parliament in particular to call for change and to use all the means at our disposal to bring it about .
That is why I , as chairman of the delegation for relations with China , together with other members of the delegation and numerous colleagues , have tabled a separate amendment in which we not only express our concern , but also call for concrete information from the Chinese authorities regarding the large number of people who have been arrested recently .
The situation in China is certainly very serious .
This implies that the Commission does not believe that the Member States are capable of conducting a regional policy which is in the interests of the respective countries and their citizens .
Sweden has a long tradition of regional aid , the purpose of which is to achieve a balance and to iron out differences between the various regions .
Consequently , I believe the rapporteur has tried to remedy the worst deficiencies of the Commission document , and that Mr Macartney has also tabled a good amendment which I shall support and which substantially improves the report .
Emissions do not pose a threat in the short term , but in the long term they are infinitely more serious .
The first hesitant steps towards a negotiated solution have been accomplished with a certain amount of pain .
Therefore , in my view , it is absolutely crucial for the Commission to carry out a wide-ranging study into how this instrument should be used to ensure that the problem of climate change is dealt with in the right way .
In future negotiations , we should put right some of the mistakes that were made at Kyoto .
They are proposing certain amendments which would mean that environmental and social considerations are taken into account in public procurement , but in my view the wording should have been tighter and clearer .
If public procurement is not subject to the same extra costs , then those firms will be at a disadvantage - so much for full and fair competition .
EMU has become a kind of mantra for the Member States which has pushed them into fighting inflation , meeting the convergence criteria , reducing their budgets and cutting back public spending , at the expense of creating new jobs .
The sections of the Amsterdam Treaty devoted to employment are commendable .
I should for example like to see the EU , together with the Member States , making a substantial investment to ensure that , over the next ten years , petrol is replaced by environmentally friendly fuels , creating a large pool of environmentally friendly jobs in the process .
I was anticipating that they would be pay , taxes and EU rules , but he told me that above all people wanted to know about schools , childcare , medical facilities and communications .
Madam President , the Commission 's proposal relating to the taxation of energy products was accurately summed up by the Environment Committee in its opinion as a proposal to improve the functioning of the internal market .
Furthermore , the recommendation that the Member States should achieve fiscal neutrality by lowering labour taxes and taxing energy instead - a so-called tax trade-off - immeasurably improves the proposal by pointing it in a totally 'green' direction .
I would also urge you to support the amendment tabled by the Green Group .
If we adopt the directive in the form in which it has been submitted by the committee , I am afraid that we shall not be acting consistently with what we have said in other circumstances .
While the proposal for a directive was being drawn up , I asked repeatedly and with ever more insistence the following fundamental questions : would it not be better to ratify the WIPO Convention quickly and approve the directive dealing with electronic commerce ?
It affects absolutely everyone in this sector .
In my view , similar rights of way should exist in the digital world .
Cultural differences do exist , and so I do not understand why there should not be mandatory provision for exemptions .
That would fit the bill , and I am glad to see that Mr Cassidy has at last woken up to the fact .
An international panel of experts should have been appointed to investigate thoroughly the complex problems associated with copyright and public access .
In particular , we regret the lack of clarity in defining the position as regards the provisions that exist in the Nordic countries whereby ordinary people are entitled to have access to official documents and information .
Both the committee and the rapporteur , Mr Barzanti , have nevertheless done an excellent job .
It is essential that such a system , which benefits all the parties concerned , should be retained and not replaced by a non-voluntary licensing arrangement .
It is essential that this is guaranteed by the directive .
Now , I can safely say that public opinion in Sweden has changed dramatically .
In the past year , the Swedish Parliament has decided on the position of the central bank .
In this respect , the situation looks fairly promising .
The French Minister for Europe , in a leading article in a Swedish newspaper , recently described his perception of Sweden 's attitude to the euro under the heading : ' A stronger euro if Sweden joins ' .
I should just like to confirm that the Commissioner and the French Minister for Europe are both agreed on that point .
In every other way , the report we are discussing tonight is very important .
I have to admit that I had serious misgivings during the first reading of the directive .
