The Member States will not allow us to .
The participation in elections of people who are not nationals of an EU country , and are therefore not EU citizens , is not an issue covered by Community law .
Therefore , it will favour neither a long-term vision nor the general interest .
Once again the European Union is benefiting from a case based on Community law ( first pillar ) in order to extend its competences with regard to the harmonisation of the criminal law of the Member States , with the notable exception of Ireland and the United Kingdom however , who have exercised their opt out recognised by the treaties .
It is in fact a matter of giving companies a sense of responsibility and thus contributing to the strengthening of the fight against illegal immigration .
The presence of EULEX in the north of Kosovo is very important in order to avoid partition of this territory .
A genuine industrial policy is essential .
Minister , you cited Article 20 of the Treaty .
Since 1999 , while natural disasters have unfortunately continued to cause death and major destruction in Europe , EU action has fortunately been strengthened with the creation , in 2002 , of the EU Solidarity Fund , an initiative of the Commission and Mr Barnier .
It caused significant damage , destroying schools and many homes , depriving thousands of people of electricity , heating , drinking water and a telephone service and leaving certain economic sectors in a critical situation , as in the case of the timber industry .
In this connection , I should like to draw attention to the quality of the Barnier report , which states the problem well and proposes solutions that are constructive not only in terms of efficiency but also of subsidiarity ' .
Storms of the century now come each decade and soon will come each year .
If I needed to learn , I have now experienced it in the damage to my home , in the tiles that were ripped off and in the trees that were uprooted .
( Applause ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , Mrs Roure is calling for some particularly attractive reception conditions for asylum seekers : convivial , open accommodation centres - it is easier to vanish into thin air that way - widespread access to healthcare , including psychiatric care , to legal advice , to translators and interpreters , to training and even to jobs !
The detention centre visits by MEPs between 2005 and 2008 have enabled this report to be drafted , under the leadership of Mrs Roure .
That is why I shall vote against it .
All the civilians , women , children , the elderly , of course , who are stuck in the middle and suffering unbearable violence .
The embargo imposed on Gaza means each delivery of humanitarian aid has to get through an obstacle course .
All the players involved must anticipate the reconstruction phase and actively prepare it by assessing the damage on the ground and by preparing a plan for the financial , economic and social rehabilitation of the Gaza Strip .
Those who call themselves friends of Israel to justify the impunity and unlimited accommodation shown towards its current ruling class should reflect on these words from the great Israeli writer David Grossman , whom I wish to quote : ' Amidst the wave of nationalist hyperbole now sweeping the nation , it would not hurt to recall that in the final analysis , this last operation in Gaza is just another stop along a trail blazing with fire , violence and hatred .
I would still like to believe in an about-turn by Europe .
We regret , therefore , that as in previous years , the CFSP budget is seriously under-funded .
It is true the Union for the Mediterranean 's role is to develop the joint nature , at an institutional and political level , of a regional partnership in need of a relaunch .
This has given rise to the current suspension of the work that , personally , I regret greatly , but , of course , we hope to get to work again at some stage .
Only those projects that may be financed by private funding are managed differently .
The Commission has already made much progress in the preparatory work .
The second amendment deals with the energy issue .
Member States without effective , proportionate and deterrent sanctions are asked to introduce them .
Another reason is that trying to reduce prices by playing around with VAT leads to very high real rates at a time when the Central Bank is trying to lower them .
There is , however , one article in which we had agreed to make it clear that if and when the Treaty of Lisbon came into force , petitioners would simply be informed if a petition that were submitted not to Parliament but to the European Commission - you know , those petitions with millions of signatures - were connected to their petition .
The Small Business Act gives us this chance because it is part of a truly proactive global approach .
Second example : red tape .
Rather , and again I am reading from the explanatory statement of the Commission 's text , its aim is now 'to improve the framework conditions for businesses in the Single Market ' .
Our visits to the detention centres , in particular , have shown us - as you said , Mr Rothe - the collateral damage caused by an unsuitable operation , insofar as it places an unacceptable burden on the countries most directly affected by the flows of migrants towards Europe 's door .
Integrated pollution prevention and control : industrial emissions , titanium dioxide industry , use of organic solvents , incineration of