Enlargement is addressed with a narrow , economic rationale , whereas it could be the beginning of a new age of development for United Europe .
Mr President , thank you very much .
But Mr Van den Broek put matters right .
And no other country has been so rapidly shown up , with its multi-faceted aggressiveness , to be anything but the paragon of stability that the Council envisaged and unfortunately still seems to , but instead , the troublemaker of the international community !
Turkey had promised democratization and the Commission believed it .
And instead of all that , the Erbakan-Çiller pair increased persecution inside the country , as recent reports have stressed , and Turkey became a hundred times more provocative towards Greece .
The whole civilized world looked on in horror at the television screens showing the bestial way in which they carried out their mission , killing two young Cypriots .
It seems , however , that such is not the case .
Mr President , a time must come , and let this debate be the reason for it , when we bring an end to the situation of tolerance , support and encouragement for this factor that is destabilizing , provocative , and can create problems and even threaten peace in the Balkans , the Mediterranean , the Aegean and beyond .
The persecution of citizens for their political notions , beliefs and for their religion has escalated .
That mentality also governs its international relations and its foreign policy .
In Cyprus , Turkey is continuing its illegal occupation of parts of the Republic of Cyprus and refuses to comply with international decisions for a peaceful , fair and viable solution of the problem .
The recent tragic events in August , when two Greek Cypriot demonstrators who were protesting peaceably against the occupation were murdered by the occupying forces , are being used by the Turkish side to promote the view that the two communities in Cyprus cannot co-exist , and so frustrate efforts to unify the island .
So principles which are for us fundamental values of our civilization , have no such content in Turkey .
When a majority in Parliament voted for Customs Union , it did so on the basis of information which has since been given the lie .
Turkey 's attitude towards the European Union is provocative and is encouraged both by the stance of some European governments and by our own tolerance .
Greece is part of Europe too , but in any case it cannot be used to excuse leniency towards a regime founded on violence against persons and disregard for international law .
Mr President , I also want it to be noted that this effort to present Turkey and the Cyprus tragedy as an issue between Greece and Turkey , must stop .
Article 99 of the Treaty authorizes us to try and harmonize legislation on excise duties , insofar as that harmonization is needed to bring about the establishment and operation of the internal market .
For centuries , the taxation authorities in our countries have specified a number of products - formerly salt and spirits , nowadays alcohol , petrol and tobacco - in order to raise certain revenues , taking advantage of the particularly inelastic demand for those products .
By extending the range of application of an anomaly , we do not create harmonization but a still greater anomaly .
The cigarette trade takes place under exceptionally oligopolistic conditions .
We must harmonize taxation systems , but it is not our job to facilitate the manoeuvres of the oligopolies via excise duties , the more so since it has been proved that the imposition of a minimum 57 % tax from today has led to a convergence of the burden of taxation and , according to one view and certain figures , of retail prices as well .
What I want to say , is that expressions of sorrow or even indignation by this Parliament about those facts are not enough .
The inactivity of the European Union .
That is why I would say that there is no point in today 's debate unless it motivates an active involvement of the European Union in the restoration of normality and international legality to the area .
Do not think that the murders will be a reason to stop the progress of Cyprus towards accession to the European Union .
Mr President , both public opinion and the Members of this Parliament have been taken aback by this double murder and the many injuries to citizens , among them two members of the UNO forces in Cyprus .
That is the hothouse from which all these events stem , which will increase as time goes by .
Despite that , however , it is something and we will vote for it .
At this time , the growers have nowhere to turn , they have no income at all on which to live , much less with which to reorganise their production .
Those hailstorms were so violent that very many crops were destroyed .
A risk-sharing system of this type is pioneering and addresses the need to create European audiovisual products of high quality with prospects of commercial success , so that they will attract interest from major investors .
The report is particularly successful in drawing attention to those dangers .
Mr President , the exemption of cultural products from GATT does indeed allow us to create policy instruments .
If the Council is listening , I will stress three points , Mr President .
Thirdly , we all know that for the audiovisual sector to develop , other things too are needed , but there is a lack of political will , which the rapporteur very rightly described as lukewarm .
The programme 's aims are to enrich knowledge , extend the dissemination of the literary output