- ( DA ) The basis for prosperity in the EU is competition .
With regard to food policy and consumer protection , we must be very careful .
It is exclusively a question of the extent to which , without any risk to health , we are to permit free competition in the chocolate industry so that all chocolate producers can sell their chocolate in all EU countries and not only in the seven countries which have so far permitted the aforesaid vegetable fats .
It cannot therefore be right for politicians to decide what consumers should be entitled to choose between .
We can hardly do otherwise .
Consumers should find out for themselves what tastes best .
If , today , we are obliged to note considerable opposition to the proposal here in Parliament , this cannot be viewed as anything other than an attempt on the part of certain chocolate manufacturers to curb competition .
There is , nonetheless , one point on which I have to say that I disagree with the rapporteur .
I believed and hoped that I could declare myself in agreement with Mr Haarder in emphasising the individual ' s right to membership of trade unions .
Either that , or he is hiding it very well .
No one is being deprived of the right to work and no one is being deprived of the right to belong to a trade union , but individuals cannot benefit from extensive social agreements without also being themselves members of precisely that union which has produced the agreements .
Madam President , I understood my good friend ' s , Mr Seixas da Costa ' s , remarks as a defence of the sanctions against Austria , and I should therefore like to ask him , as a matter of form , whether he was tabling this proposal as President-in-Office of the Council , and therefore on behalf of the Council , or whether it was on behalf of the 14 governments .
With Eurodac , the Commission and the Council are , in my view , going too far in their desire to monitor asylum seekers and other citizens of third countries who cross the border into Fortress Europe .
Firstly , keeping the fingerprints of minors - right down to 14 years of age - who have not committed any criminal offence contravenes the UN Convention on the Rights of the Child , which asks us to protect children and to respect an age of criminal responsibility of 18 years if we ourselves have not legally specified another age - something which , as far as I know , the Union has not done .
To confuse asylum seekers with illegal immigrants contravenes the Convention on Refugees .
The impression with which those people travel home , or which they obtain while they are here , of the "area of freedom , security and justice " does not reflect those values which , on state occasions , are otherwise designated as global and universal .
We are talking about establishing an area which claims to offer a high degree of legal protection , and I think it odd that , in the next sentence , we express a lack of confidence in its being possible to administer such an arrangement responsibly .
In my view , the purpose is to safeguard the rights of asylum seekers , and there is no question of infringing the rights of those who honestly and legitimately request asylum .
I cannot imagine that either the Council or the Commission might wish to construct this system in such a way that it could include restrictions of any kind upon the freedom of law-abiding citizens .
Because Austria has a county mayor in Klagenfurt who has expressed himself in a way for which you and I feel equal revulsion , you have punished a country with sanctions and you are punishing a people with sanctions , including those individuals who may have voted against the party in question , and this without specifying what their crime entails .
If it were a question of actions , it would perhaps be Denmark which should be punished for a ban on immigrants of a kind which the FPÖ has not been able to put into practice .
I should therefore like to know , when I next vote , if Portugal and other countries - outside the Council - will wish to propose sanctions against my country in the event , for example , of the present Danish government ' s incorporating ministers from the Socialist People ' s Party or Unity List , which are both opposed to Economic and Monetary Union , or if they will wish to prevent the appointment of a government including Fogh Rasmussen from the Left party if he relies upon support from the Danish People ' s Party which , in many newspapers , is described as a party equivalent to the FPÖ in Austria .
With reference to the Rules of Procedure , I would therefore take the liberty of proposing that the matter be postponed and referred back to committee .
I am able to confirm that it is Mr Imbeni' s interpretation which is the correct one .
The phrase is to be understood as Mr Imbeni said .
Mr President , a number of words have been omitted from paragraph 61 of the Danish version .
In the Danish version , the following words should be added after the words " trade unions " : " as well as the rights of individuals vis-à-vis trade unions " .
( Parliament adopted the resolution )
- ( DA ) We cannot vote in favour of the report since there are gross abuses of human rights in Mexico .
We think it is splendid that the trade agreement has had built into it a