This is particularly the case with Amendments Nos 1 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 7 , 9 , 11 , 13 ( second part ) and 15 which cover the following aspects , among others : the importance of the European Credit Transfer System ; more support for young people undergoing training in the form of language learning projects ; clarification of the procedures for the participation of Cyprus ; a reduction in the minimum percentages specified by the Council for Actions 2 and 3 ; the priority to be given to languages less widely used and taught , and , in frontier regions , the languages of neighbouring countries .
In general , Mr Langen recognises the need to make some technical adjustments to Community legislation on the taxation of tobacco products .
Once again , there is nothing to prevent Member States , if they decide otherwise , from establishing national rates which could vary according to their assessment of the effect on public health .
We will reject all of the amendments and articles of the resolution which seek to transfer decisions which should remain at national level to the administrative regions , and we also reject the amendments which seek to alter the six and twelve mile zones .
To conclude , Mr President , if these three amendments from the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Protection , which we feel distort the nature of our colleague 's report , are rejected , we will vote in favour of Mrs Grossetête 's report .
This short period already seems to be impossible to apply , because it comes too soon after the adoption of the directive .
This whole issue of computer faults is not as innocuous as it may seem .
For the 1998-2000 period , we also share the concerns expressed by our rapporteur that , as we see it , relate to two areas .
The international community currently suspects Turkey of having prepared a political trial for Mr Abdullah Öcalan where the sentence has already been determined .
Voting in favour of this step also means helping young Turks to open their minds through contact with their European counterparts .
Heat recycling is a possibility and this should not be forgotten .
One relates to what we call 'premixes' , in other words , alcoholic drinks containing carbonated water , sugar , and flavourings and that are aimed at young people .
But in my country , the government is , at the same time , in favour of producing cigarettes , and for every packet sold pockets 75 % tax .
Such flexibility brings with it a strong possibility of a direct or indirect lack of safety when one looks at the extent of current working hours .
The rapporteur is quite rightly disappointed by the small share of the Structural Funds given over to research : 5.37 % for Objective 1 and 2.06 % for Objective 5b .
In this respect , I support the idea put forward in the text to help Russia to get over this hurdle .
It would appear that the ball is in the European Parliament 's court .
Yet , how many more rapes were there ?
Madam President , in view of the short time I have to speak , I will be concentrating on the paragraph in my colleague 's report which is devoted to reproductive health .
I would like Mrs Keppelhoff 's report - an assessment of the economic value of women 's unwaged work which dates back ten years or so - to be taken up again .
The second reason is that while it is the responsibility of the Committee on the Rules of Procedure , the Verification of Credentials and Immunities to apply the Treaty of Amsterdam , or rather the draft Treaty , which should soon be ratified , the Committee on the Rules of Procedure has gone way beyond that .
This is the case , in particular , in Amendment No 28 enshrining the practice of interinstitutional agreements , which are legally doubtful .
I would regret such a merger .
Then there is a medical criterion which applies where there is no satisfactory method of diagnosis , prevention or treatment for these diseases .
Mr President , first I would like to congratulate the rapporteur , Mr Cabrol , on the excellent work he has done on this subject .
The French text states that Parliament calls on the Member States to legalise induced abortion 'under certain conditions' , and we are asking for a separate vote on the phrase 'under certain conditions ' .
The English text has 'in certain circumstances' , which is quite different .
Too often , when it is mentioned , the need for concentration is highlighted .
Members of our group are attached to the CAP which has been one of the fundamental bases of the construction of Europe as enshrined in the Treaty of Rome .
In addition to the finance that venture capitalists can mobilise , there is also a vital need for mentorship in terms of management .
Youth policy at Union level must be designed to pay greater attention to young people and involve them more in decisions through youth groups .
The Lomé system must be renewed and strengthened , not weakened in the name of a free trade ideology that is irresponsible and is prepared to expose countries with fragile societies and budding economies to excessive competitive shocks which would have destabilising and destructive effects on them .
So incentives need to be established to encourage the industry to develop this type of medicinal product to help sufferers not only in the European Union but throughout the world , certainly including developing countries .
Respect for all life should make us act responsibly when faced with the distress some mothers suffer , as well as welcoming life which only