be better liaised with those carried out by the Member States since they , too , have responsibilities for reducing imbalances and dealing with those problems .
A point which has become very obvious in the discussion of this report and one which is topical in Portugal is that the participation of both sides of industry and the participation of local and regional authorities - in the latter case heightened by the revelations of democratic illegitimacy in five of the seven regions presented by the then Portuguese government to the Community authorities - has been very limited in the definition of regional development plans and their monitoring .
I should like to end by complimenting Mr Chichester and making it clear that I am happy with his willingness to cooperate with his colleagues on the committee , and to accept many of the amendments which I tabled on behalf of my Group .
For example , in my country , to which Mr Chichester referred , it is obvious - and there is a general consensus - that we have achieved growth which we had never previously achieved and , at the same time , that far-reaching reforms have been possible .
We might also say that perhaps too much emphasis was laid upon basic infrastructures and that there are still serious sectoral weaknesses ; it is also true that there are still regional inequalities but , after all , neither Rome nor Pavia were built in a day and the second Community support framework was quite rightly negotiated in order to offset some of those weaknesses and introduce qualitative factors , including calls for investment in science and technology in a country such as Portugal .
It is true that , for example , in European Parliament reports on the IGC no-one could refer to the budget because money was a taboo word .
These are areas which are appropriate for women 's jobs , and also are areas where women can find innovative solutions .
We must avoid the perverse effects which job creation can bring with it .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , Commissioner , going beyond the Member States ' need to develop economically and socially , with the eternal objective of improving the living standards of their people , we must now tackle urgently , and with special attention , measures and practical and efficient actions to combat unemployment , that scourge which is unfortunately growing in the European continent and threatens to increase further in the future .
It is precisely this financial support which has to be increased just as we must try and eliminate any administrative or other obstacles which come in the way of the development of local initiatives or make them more difficult .
I would actually say it is stimulating for anyone who deals with local and regional development in our countries .
Mr President , it would be difficult for me to outdo the three colleagues who have just spoken , Mr Tomlinson , Mr Wemheuer and Mr Kellett-Bowman .
That is something which everyone in business has felt in that it is not possible to stand up against imported products on which taxes have not been paid , because anyone who pays tax cannot fight against someone who does not .
Enough is enough or , as Aristotle said , ananke stenai .
I am also speaking here on behalf of those who have gone bankrupt because those ruling Europe have been careless .
Copyright has two aims , and those aims contradict each other : protecting authors and producing new products quickly and in large quantities .
I shall conclude by saying that we can see that there are , however , more questions than answers but Europe must know that it cannot lose the multi-media battle , it knows that it is lagging behind and it knows that copyright lies at the very heart of the matter .
Public service may and must be performed by public and private operators alike .
Informing and stimulating the discussion of ideas , consolidating the sentiment of citizenship .
If private operators also cooperate I think that public television as we know it now will see that its days are numbered .
Since we have a very broad conception of human rights the time we set aside for it always seems too short for us and there are very few chances to speak and to set out our declarations of vote .
This is why this report is so necessary and timely and we hope there will be a resolution and some action taken , without ambiguous frontiers and without any hesitations or compromises which try to absolve people from any blame .
The proposed amendments to the Directive which the Commission is now suggesting to us are based on the case-law of the Court of Justice in respect of various cases , the most famous of which is the Barber Judgment , although others since then have fleshed out that interpretation .
But all of society knows that , without any specific benefits , women are given the fundamental role of bringing up children , i .e . new generations , and managing the domestic economy .
A second set of amendments concerns accounting which , on the pretext that statistics show that women 's life expectancy is longer than men 's , works to the disadvantage of women when carrying out the calculation of contributions and pensions .
Finally , I should like to refer to a final amendment which has just been presented by the PPE Group and which I find very interesting and which I agree with fully .
This far better expresses the concept of co-existence between men and women based on a sharing of rights - e.g . access - and duties - e.g . tasks - while leaving intact the differences of outlook and practicalities which might be seen to differentiate the two sexes