We must also put an end to regulations obliging seafarers to work a 12-hour day as standard .
This is what we need .
Furthermore , the Commission will probably agree in principle on Amendment Nos 6 , 7 , and 9 , which may need further clarification in their wording , although we totally agree with their content .
I must stress that there is a great discrepancy between the Council ' s proposal and that of the European Parliament , and the Commission has a half-way house proposal to limit the working week to 48 hours within a 7 year transition period .
The second issue concerns Sunday rest .
For two of these issues , sea-fishing and the date of implementation , the Commission supports Parliament ' s position .
It is my firm belief that , and I am appealing to you all , we must adopt a realistic approach on all sides so that we can all have an effective directive which will act as an initial safeguard for trainee doctors .
Mr President , I did not entirely understand the question .
Could the speaker please repeat it ?
The directive concerns only fishermen in an employer-employee relationship .
I do not believe I can provide further clarification .
One of the most interesting recommendations from the proposed amendments is the development of more analytical , comparative , quantitative objectives and parallel statistical data with a view to improving comparative evaluation .
Also , employment growth must be linked to the type of activities which do actually stimulate it , because increasing employment using measures adapted to transitory working models is only a short-term solution and a waste of resources .
The Member States should , however , interpret this to mean that the main part of the programmes should not be based on past activities but on those which aim primarily at achieving a capacity to create .
Developing the service sector can be effected in two opposing ways .
Madam President , I would like to congratulate and thank Mr Menrad on his work .
Today , the employment guidelines have been debated in the Committee on Employment and the Economic Committee , and intense deliberations are under way to get them to the Council , where we believe that they will be adopted in full .
The first is greater focus on the transition from training to work , the second is in the area of information technology where strenuous efforts are already being made , including the forthcoming Commission initiative on the information society , to coordinate the issue of employment with information technology ; the third is active involvement at local level , where the Member States should pursue and work towards increasing the role of local authorities and , of course , the role of the social partners .
It is an issue which , as was rightly said , is not technical and is not technocratic , but it is profoundly political .
We have made some effort here , but it is clear from the recommendations to the Member States that not as much emphasis has been placed on lifelong learning as there perhaps should have been .
I believe that we can be even more ambitious and set common European targets in the area of the information society because we cannot talk of the convergence of Member States unless there is convergence in the particularly sensitive area of the information society .
Furthermore , I would like to remind you of the decision taken by the leading States in Cologne to equip schools with access to the Internet .
Members of Parliament , the proposal for closer cooperation between the Commission and the European Parliament to promote the strategy for the European policy has once again been reiterated .
Last night , the competent Committee was given the opportunity to explain the contents of this agreement and whom it concerns , that is mainly the universities and the research community of Russia .
Madam President , your proposal to hold the discussion on Chechnya between 3 p.m. and 4 p.m. is , in my view , the best solution .
Recent UNICEF statistics paint a gloomy picture of world reality .
In light of the drawing up of the Charter of Fundamental Rights and the creation of the area of freedom , security and justice , we must incorporate a separate chapter on the protection of the rights of the child .
I should just like to make four basic points on the issue of the Community directive .
We must therefore prepare ourselves to welcome this change at a social level .
Thus , this directive is indeed a very important political choice .
As far as the amendments are concerned , the Commission accepts nine of them , seven of them are in principle acceptable , but we did not make further progress and I would like to explain why .
The Finnish Presidency ' s strategy was for there to be a discussion on the issue of the European company statute .
The situation regarding small and medium-sized businesses is different , but of course , there must be a threshold higher than the one we have been discussing .
There were some dissenting opinions which depended largely on the differing state of affairs in various Member States and , in many cases , on the political viewpoints we adopt .
The question at present is what we will have to do and how we will have to proceed in order to achieve the desired result .
And the desired result is for us to be able to vote for such a directive as soon as possible .
So , what is the timetable and what does the Commission propose to do hereafter ?
I believe , however , that under the Portuguese Presidency we must adopt a