It is therefore necessary to mobilise resources and technical assistance to identify and finance programmes that provide production opportunities at local and regional levels , and sustainable access to global markets for excluded communities and for small and medium-sized enterprises .
As the EU is Latin America 's principal investor and second-largest trading partner , and as it also provides the most development aid , we believe that this information is sufficient to develop a clear and well-defined strategy regarding the trading relationship between the EU and Latin America .
I consider , however , that the mandate that the European Commission received to conduct the negotiating process should be reassessed , as it is too old and no longer adequate for the current circumstances in which the negotiations will take place .
However , I know the effects that the bilateral trade agreements signed between the European Union and the countries of Latin America could have on the economies of the outermost regions .
The co-ordination of energy policies in relation with third countries is a priority and should not just be seen as an appendix but as part and parcel of any future European energy policy .
Noone was in any doubt about that .
To what extent can Member States be made responsible for ensuring that provision already taken should actually be executed ?
It is umbilically linked to public health and , as point E demonstrates , we should first of all aim at the objective of providing the whole population with safe and efficient medicines .
These remarks took on particular expediency when the 'mad cow ' crisis took over the front pages and became one of the main preoccupations of the public , bringing to the fore the question of medicines and their control , a control which the exclusive interests of transnational capital accumulation have gradually taken over and turned into a problem of recovery .
On the contrary , it is only if we tackle and reduce drugs dependence with enough political will and sufficient means that we will actually be able to attack this problem from every aspect .
Portugal now has three times more fishery permits in Morocco than it had in 1995 and its fishery rights are now maintained by a formal legal basis and not merely by a framework of individual licences .
A new common fisheries policy must be a sustainable and responsible one in which international agreements cannot simply involve exporting structural readjustments of the Community fleet .
It is the same vision of joint importance which I hope will continue to be considered by politicians not only in Morocco but also in the European Union when we have to renegotiate a fresh agreement in 1999 .
The terms of the fisheries agreement with Morocco have made it possible for important fishing sectors in my country to resume activity , in particular in the area of Sesimbra and the Algarve , with provisions even so for reductions , albeit limited , in the fishing fleet throughout the period during which the agreement will be in force , without imposing excessive conditions on discharge or acceptance of Moroccan fishermen .
The Treaty itself commits the European Union to responsibility in ensuring a high level of human health protection .
The progress already made ( the Commission has achieved enough work and has enough knowledge for an initiative of this dimension to be given a fillip ) and the assessment of experiments resulting from cards which are already in circulation ( 60 to 70 million ) are positive examples which should be grasped at .
But a positive note has been struck , nevertheless .
But it would be useful and reassuring if the principle could have been reiterated in the final communiqué , something which did not happen .
Giving away with one hand what is received on the other is certainly not beneficial to all of those productive sectors involved , in particular for two of the less developed countries of the European Union ; 5.Furthermore , there is the fact that the fisheries agreement is scheduled to last for four years with a more than doubtful renewal , whereas the trade agreement is set to last for ten years , at the end of which concessions made are irreversible. - Poggiolini report ( A4-0092/96 ) Given current technological development , enabling the creation of a health card useable in all the countries of the European Union and with a possible extension , in the short term , to all other countries in which it would be possible to store all possible information about a given person , in particular chronic disease , serious infections or allergies , blood group , vaccinations , agreement or not to blood transfusions or the transfusion of blood derivatives and an indication of whether or not the person wishes to be an organ donor , the family doctor to be contacted in the case of an accident , inter alia , while maintaining respect for confidentiality of data and medical secrecy .
Since this is a question of principle it is equally fundamental that the accession processes should be painstakingly studied and that there should be a thorough explanation of all of the ramifications of these accessions , both on the European Union and all its Member States as well as the applicant countries themselves .
We are going to spend 18 months discussing the 'list cost planning ' for new nuclear power-stations .
I think that we are on the verge of the biggest revolution in recent decades in terms of changes in what we eat , that consumers have lost all confidence in their countries and producers and that we are not going to solve the problem by killing animals or banning particular foods .
Mr President , on a point of order : I think that this type of debate must