can be .
Use can be made of legislation , for example in relation to alcohol and driving , for we know that no one should ever drive when drunk .
We object , however , to the EU’s threat to introduce protectionist measures in relation to India at a time when the EU is subsidising its own agricultural products and dumping them on the Indian market .
We therefore choose to vote against the report as a whole .     The report contains many constructive proposals for improving road safety in Europe .
The individual Member States can , then , improve their own road safety records , and it is they who , in the last analysis , are responsible for these issues .
We are voting against this report as we think it is based on false ideas about the political level at which responsibility for road safety issues lies .     The Swedish Conservatives and Christian Democrats have today chosen to vote against the own-initiative report on road safety .
Africa does not need more weapons .
We must support the development of locally owned industry whose profits stay in Africa .
It is important for them to be given complete freedom to choose the ways in which they wish to develop , free from pressure and the forced opening up of markets .
That also applies to our research policy .
Laws were made , restricting the opposition’s ability to act .
As a consequence , a number of opposition members chose not to attend parliament’s forthcoming sitting .
In the resolution we are now debating , we are going through the events following the May election .
This is something that the Meles government needs to work on .
In order to achieve the objective , we have only half the time left but , in actual fact , twice the work .
What we observe is that the proposals made by the Commission and supported by all the large groups in the European Parliament are not at all supported by the Council of Ministers .
That is obviously an incredibly important basis for all citizens ’ being able to participate in this knowledge-driven economy .
When it comes to the report itself , I have a question about language education .
We think that the rapporteur has done a very good job , but we do in actual fact require much more stringent measures .
We believe in equal access to all such care and treatment .
Poverty obviously affects people’s whole life situation and has bearing upon education , health , housing and social exclusion , but I particularly wish to emphasise the significance of women’s ability to provide for themselves .
In certain countries , the difference is even greater .
I have waited for a long time for driftnets also to be banned in the Baltic Sea , the last sea in the EU where these are still permitted .
It might have facilitated the process if they had been involved at the first stage .
It is an extremely sensitive sea , and we should not risk disturbing the balance there .
I hope that we can discuss this in more detail .     China is one of the world’s fastest growing economies .
China ’s economic strength is growing in most industries .
In order to respond to growing international competition , the EU faces the choice either of implementing centrally controlled protectionism or of stimulating growth from below .
In the global work to promote peace , disarmament and human rights , we wish however to prioritise the UN , which is better suited than the EU to carrying out such tasks .
The following day , the EU’s education ministers met and adopted , among other things , the appendix from the EU committee of the Swedish Parliament , presented by Sweden’s then education minister .
This particularly applies to the integration of immigrants and to the organisation both of mother-tongue teaching and of teaching in the languages of the immigrants ’ new countries .     This report contains quite a few proposals that we absolutely cannot support .
Freedom of movement and access to education are significant issues .
All these matters must , however , be resolved in larger contexts than a report like this , taking in a wider range of sectors .     The June List chooses to vote against this report because it is another example of how , through own-initiative reports , the European Parliament wishes to provide the EU with new areas of competence .
We are well disposed towards a guaranteed reasonable standard of living .
We do not support the proposal for a ‘minimum guaranteed income’ .
For many students , these exchanges are , in actual fact , the most practical advantage of the whole EU project .
Vocational education and training do in actual fact make a very important contribution to the EU economy and to the way in which the labour market operates .
I shall therefore support those amendments that are in keeping with Parliament’s report on the budget as a whole , that is to say the Böge report .     Mr President , this report observes that there is limited cultural diversity within quite a few of the EU Member States’ respective film industries .
If the Member States wish to invest resources of their own in promoting their national film industries , they of course have every right to do so .
Amendment 15 refers to the EU Constitution which , it stresses , emphasises the value of respecting cultural and linguistic diversity .
The EU does not need further questionable and expensive projects .
When it comes to the legal base , we definitely want to defend treating these matters as environmental .
We can no doubt anticipate the new rules too being broken to some extent