-, then it is the Commission 's proposals on macroeconomic policy that will risk that fate , with their broad guidelines , unless an attempt is made to overcome those suffocating macroeconomic policy limits which unjustly and unjustifiably condemn Europe to wither and European working people to make sacrifices disproportionate to the aim we are striving for .
The rapporteur managed to bridge those differences and improve the original proposal for a directive , taking into account not only the economic consequences brought by liberalizing the postal market , but its social consequences as well .
A postal service must therefore be economically viable if it is to continue serving all such regions .
Mr President , I think that Mr Escudero 's report has a certain value and I ask him to accept my congratulations .
Many such creators of cultural objects , among those who are alive now at least , are quite emphatic about that .
Then what does it matter then if a private citizen in the territory of a country which prohibits the export of cultural objects wishes to keep such an object at home purely for his own enjoyment ?
I fear that , essentially , the directive and regulation will do nothing but bring about a lowering of the value of objects kept at home by private collectors .
If that were the case there would be a meaning in it .
Mr President , allow me first of all to congratulate the rapporteur on his two reports , at least for emphasizing the importance of affording protection to all of the diverse cultural objects that reflect the artistic creativity and the historic heritage and identity of each people .
Is the priceless cultural heritage , passed down from the depths of history , which has been stolen from countries such as mine for instance , going to be protected ?
That is my question to the Commission , Mr President , and I would like a reply .
We are speaking about a country that is being rent apart , about the destabilization of a country that borders on to the Balkan situation , that is next door to Kosovo , to the former republic of Yugoslavia and to the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia ; about a situation that is pregnant with danger .
Mr President , research and technological development have important social , economic and political ramifications .
Cooperation and the exchange of knowledge in research and technological development are a sine qua non for research workers .
The involvement of the European Union 's neighbours , namely the countries of the Mediterranean basin and of central and eastern Europe , the Baltic countries and the newly developing countries of the former Soviet Union , is important .
For instance , the report does not stick as firmly as I think it should to the duration of financial performances , and the importance of that is something that I think needs to be stressed all the time .
Statements given out by the institutions of the European Union cannot be pessimistic in tone or doom-ridden in their assessments .
That applies for both the European Monetary Institute and the Commission .
The EMI report refers to the internal market as the instrument for growth , by contrast with 1994 when the talk was of export-led growth .
Of course , the internal market is supposed to promote competitiveness , but the big difficulty with regard to competitiveness in the European Union is that we have developed a quality of life and forms of social conduct that give us problems vis-à-vis those of our competitors who are not bound by the same criteria .
There is no other policy available to us , and to tackle phenomena of a structural nature with measures that are appropriate for cyclical adjustment is mistaken because it would be damaging rather than beneficial .
We have to try to rectify these structural weaknesses , but it cannot be done via the countercyclical measures that are always being recommended here .
The reason is that is very important that we keep to the 1999 starting date and that progress is not impeded by certain very small percentages .
The countries which do not join the EMU will fall even further behind those which do ; divergence , in real as well as nominal terms , will increase .
Risk premiums and the obligatory circulation during the transitional period of the new currency in parallel with the national currencies will create additional difficulties for those countries , difficulties which they will have to tackle in various ways to the detriment of their economies .
Mr President , Commissioner , Mr Lamfalussy , ladies and gentlemen , I wish to concentrate on just one aspect of the subject that we are debating ; on a very important aspect on which the success of the whole single currency venture may hinge .
First , the likelihood that the countries which are not in the first group will face a worsening of the terms of the Treaty because of the stability pact , otherwise known as the Waigel pact , about which there is intense discussion .
And , of course , that is just as it should be .
I would like the Commission and the European Monetary Institute to take note of this point .
However , Mr President , I do not think that it matters very much that the result of so much time-consuming hard work , which has been overwhelmingly approved in the Committee on Legal Affairs and the plenary and accepted by the great majority of the administrative councils of the Bars and Law Societies of the European Community , is a compromise .
It constitutes an advance for the Union and for Europe .
We in Greece , too , have had a lot of difficulties .
