nor can there ever be .
However , the substances and materials in these products , as well as many kinds of foodstuffs , can carry risks .
As science is often unable to establish a direct link between products and their possible harmful effects , we demand more clarity in the matter .
I do not think that that is right .
That translates , therefore , into 253 votes in the Council of Ministers .
As a result , their governments can continue to reassure a critical population of their on-going independence , although that is less and less the case .
There are all kinds of companies acting on an international plane who are ready to attack Commissioner Bolkestein' s proposal for being too weak and too moderate and who wish to gain increased and swifter access to the coveted market .
The Gill report has not met with our support .
In the light of this , regarding digital content , governments must , among other things , act in the interest of preventing criminal offences ( discrimination ) , protecting public health ( for example , provision of badly controlled medicines via the Internet ) , public decency or the rights of others ( copyrights ) .
A lack of resources at Community level should not be the reason behind spurring Member States into action , as is the case in the draft report .
The European Union is now ready for the candidate countries to join .
The European Commission acts as guardian of the general European interest , and the European Parliament as a counterweight to Commission and Council .
The fact that this did not happen is a missed opportunity .
I am indignant at the largest group and its attempt , within the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism , to keep taxation on air traffic out of the equation as much as possible at a time when other groups were under-represented , because this did not do justice to the actual relations within that committee .
But nearly everyone knows that within the European Union too , there are large discrepancies in terms of subsidy level per order .
Where is the proposal to abolish all kinds of non-transparent support schemes in relation to research and development , environmental and regional support policy ?
This cannot , of course , be a reason to submit a resolution on urgent topics .
When I recently paid a visit to the Burmese camps on the border with Thailand , and asked what claimed most victims in those camps , the answer was : violence and suicide .
In mid-January of this year , a few thousand Kosovars held a demonstration in front of the Brussels Council building and a delegation was received by the services of Mr Solana and the Portuguese Presidency .
Such serious crimes cast a cloud over Kosovo ' s political future .
At this rate , we will soon be unable to meet on a Thursday afternoon if so few people take part in the votes .
Over the past decade in Central and Eastern Europe , we have seen a fall in life expectancy as soon as governments have withdrawn and left elderly people to their fate .
One way in which we could strengthen their position would be to adopt Amendment No 4 , tabled by my colleague , Mr Alavanos , which aims to better adapt housing and transport to the needs of the elderly .
In the next few decades , an ageing and greying population will emerge , caused by a falling birth rate and an increase in life expectancy .
In some EMU countries , the cost amounts to twice the GDP.
It is exactly the life experiences and wisdom of the elderly which we need in our here-today-gone-tomorrow society .
In my opinion , it would be preferable for Member States to address this problem by using their own legislative instruments .
My group has re-submitted it under Amendment No 27 , and I would like to recommend it to you warmly .
It should not just be edible agricultural products which are in the limelight .
We must continue to refer to the Internal Market principles in our policy , including public health .
This is the case for Algeria .
We fly to Strasbourg with Regional Airlines .
That so much time has lapsed , is largely down to the Gibraltar issue .
As rapporteur , I have taken great pride in rendering legislation on this particularly important subject matter as clearly and transparently as possible .
In the first instance , I wanted to see these articles deleted .
We are thus tabling two types of amendment .
This special treatment does not in any way prejudice the harmony and logic of a set of rules for the financial services as a whole .
The Commission can go along with the spirit of these amendments , as is apparent in its explanatory statement .
This is a heavy burden , which hits small companies particularly hard .
The consequences can be disastrous , as a recent incident in the Netherlands proved once more .
The Netherlands has seen the recent introduction of Actal , which I mentioned a moment ago .
It should be highlighted , rightly so , that EU citizens and businesses consider complex legislation and red tape to be evidence of a lack of efficiency within the institutions .
I am delighted that the Member State which I have the honour of representing here , has realised that special measures need to be taken , as is the case in the Netherlands , to simplify legislation in a consistent manner .
Any suggestions in this connection from this Parliament are , of course , welcome .
I am with him on that one .
It is examining areas where non-regulatory alternatives could be introduced .
