Which brings us to the third point : compliance .
I should like to be issued with half-yearly reports on the state of affairs in terms of compliance with legislation .
Allow me to move on to the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Policy .
Too much chat , which , in fact , fits into the Dutch political culture perfectly : we too talk endlessly about all kinds of things - the infamous Dutch culture of consultation and deliberation , referred to as the 'poldermodel ' being a case in point - but it subsequently takes an incredibly long time before something actually gets done .
We therefore offer our hesitant support to this process .
In addition , the remaining part of the present Environment Action Programme is yet to be carried out .
Mr President , I should like to start by congratulating the rapporteur , Mrs Myller on her very sound report .
We have now also received the Prodi paper for the Gothenburg Summit .
Two matters are of key importance to me .
My second point concerns international cooperation .
Two decibels may not appear much , but three decibels represents nearly a cut of the noise by half .
This could particularly benefit the CO2-problem , also known as the greenhouse problem .
These proposals today are the most sweeping changes to the Community 's financial rules in 21 years .
The Court of Auditors also discussed changes to the financial control regime in its Opinion No 4 of 1997 .
Third , the independence of internal auditors must be guaranteed and so must the professional independence of those that carry out internal audit within the Directorates-General .
I support the case for speedy reform , but on an issue as important as this - financial rules which could with us for the next 21 years - we must refuse to let Parliament 's legitimate expectations to negotiate be ignored by an arrogant Council .
The Commission and rapporteurs want to abandon centralised , independent ex ante control .
I would therefore call on my fellow MEPs to support our amendments in this connection , so as to avoid the abolition of ex ante control .
Consequently , I hope that her efforts will be rewarded at eleven o ' clock , since a report in which so much hard work has been invested and about which there should be a large measure of agreement , must be assured of a sizeable majority in this Parliament .
You can count on my group at any rate .
It really is a major step forward that this will now be regarded as discrimination , because that allows us to deal with the problem better .
I hope that this is indeed the case , and that at eleven o ' clock it will prove so and that at eleven o ' clock we shall all be here and we will be able to give a very clear signal that fathers should be entitled to leave too .
In my view the following three principles should guide us in future and consequently I have three questions to the Commissioner .
Could she , for example , ask her network of legal experts for a comparative study of the legislation as regards the various grounds of discrimination ?
The combination of work and care still presents problems in many cases , not only for women but also for men wishing to combine work and care .
I pointed out at that time the important role of confidants .
I should like to remind honourable Members that for that reason three years ago the ETUC was already advocating collective negotiations in order to tackle this problem , but sadly the employers ' organisation persistently refused .
With regard to the content given to the principle of discrimination I am grateful to the rapporteur that my amendment , which was intended to broaden the concept by including alongside the workplace admission to work and to a profession , as well as the training and education which lead to a position , was immediately accepted .
Thirdly , equal pay .
Some fifteen years ago , I launched a campaign in Belgium under the title " Sex colleague , ex-colleague " .
If we really want a European labour market , we must work at removing the obstacles , and EURES has certainly won its spurs in this field .
Firstly : I believe that it is definitely necessary to start expanding EURES activities in the future , especially in the context of enlargement to include new candidate countries which we are now experiencing .
Accordingly , I should like to express the hope that Member States that are at present dragging their feet will begin paying more attention to the problems of cross-border mobility , and hence be prepared to make some compromises as part of the regulation .
The obstacles are not found in the first place between adjacent regions , but concern mobility over greater distances , that is , they are 'transnational ' rather than 'cross-border ' in nature .
I have no problems with long-term budgets as such , but I do with the scope and nature of the community package of responsibilities proposed by the Commission .
Hopefully that will lead to clearer-headed choices than other EU decisions on the basis of which smoking is discouraged at the same time as tobacco growing is subsidised .
( NL ) The Nice summit focused on EU enlargement , but definitely not on a more democratic and transparent decision-making process in the EU.
Therefore I myself and a large section of my group will be voting against .
.
I see the sixth Environment Action Programme , and especially the tightening up of ends and means proposed by the rapporteur and the three draftsmen , as a signal that the European people do not wish to resign themselves