also go in the right political direction .
They are the only ones who have no supporting power in their area .
Madam President , as a member of the ad hoc delegation I was able to see for myself how difficult the situation for people in Bosnia is at this time .
Just imagine that the Marshall Plan had had to function in these circumstances after World War II .
Second , I would like to note that when I talk about research , we should really do research not just with the purpose of solving problems , however important that is , but also to discover the unknown .
There must be a material reason for taking action .
We are conscious of this honour , because not every committee manages to have its subjects included in the guidelines .
And of course , particularly in view of the newcomers in the European Union , I would like to put through a realignment of the SAVE and ALTENER programmes .
These are the problems which confront us when we discuss the 1999 budget .
For the first time , information policy is not firmly anchored in the guidelines .
As far as the non-regulated professions are concerned , unfortunately neither employers nor employees recognize the value of the qualifications demanded or offered in other relevant employment markets .
She has produced some very careful work , and made it easier for us to understand the essence of the interpretation of free movement on the Conservative side of the Chamber .
I think qualified legal advice should be given by fully trained people , though I do not wish to belittle the status of students , who are sometimes cleverer than Members or lawyers , as we know .
However , it is also because language in Europe does not just unite us , but can also be divisive when it comes to applying for a job .
It is quite clear from the 80 points included what the problems are - problems with which I myself have been very familiar for 27 or 28 years , I must say .
We brought them here to work for us .
That is unfortunate for Mr Posselt , the rapporteur , and Mrs Spaak , the draftsman of opinion , and also for those who are still to speak this afternoon .
Mr President , what Mr Samland of the Committee on Budgets has just said was obvious to us , of course .
However , our urgency gives rise to a dual approach to a certain extent , because we are combining two elements here : the 'self-induced ' if you like , or environmental disasters and forest fires caused by man ; and the El Niño phenomenon , which has had a far more widespread effect than the forest fires .
But what happens ?
I am therefore of the opinion that Cameroon is one of the states characterized by relative stability , which also affects the rule of law .
Mr President , a great deal has already been said .
But I think we should make it clearer to the Americans why we are so concerned about the death penalty in the United States .
However , some of our colleagues did not actually know that a situation had arisen in this case , for reasons which Mr Herman has just explained , which cannot really be resolved by the usual application of the Rules of Procedure .
I would therefore suggest , even if it is not strictly in accordance with the procedure , that we ask Mr Herman again to say quite clearly what the subject of the oral amendment is , as tabled by Mr Friedrich .
It must be made clear that it is not a question of restricting the independence of the ECB and the European System of Central Banks - this is a fundamental condition of monetary operation .
We are therefore of the opinion that we must ensure that the European Union should set the stage for the corresponding integration of these states now .
In this connection , I would like to thank the other groups in this Parliament for their intensive cooperation on my report , particularly Mr Schmid from the Group of the Party of European Socialists .
We know that forces are still active in the very areas in which we have to work together - which were originally involved in this repression - namely , justice and the police .
There is a shortcoming in the third pillar , which we currently practise - namely a deficit in democracy , about which I complain repeatedly .
Those states which wish to enter the EU expect certain solutions , particularly in such areas as security .
The word justice is not repeated .
Schengen prior to entry , a visa policy prior to entry , and adoption of the common asylum policy prior to entry , with nothing in return !
Madam President , I would also like to make use of this Rule of Procedure - and I think more justifiably , having been mentioned by name , which I did not do in my speech , in which I did not name the Member .
Seen from this point of view , I think this is a last-ditch stand to which we should not attribute too much importance .
In Amendment No 23 , the Council text , insofar as it concerns part ( b ) , should be given preference .
I repeat : an attempt - because Europol is still not getting into its stride to the necessary extent , to say nothing of the millstone around its neck - at least , it is a millstone in the view of the Group of the Party of European Socialists - of the overdue need to grant it operational powers at Union level , which lies in the distant future .
