the obstacles encountered by small and medium-sized enterprises looking to expand , by giving them easier access to capital , by cutting red tape , by creating more networks , by raising the standard of skills and employment standards , by encouraging entrepreneurship within the education system and , of course , by encouraging small and medium-sized enterprises to innovate .
The accession date of 1 May 2004 agreed in Copenhagen achieves this aim , while allowing time for the Accession Treaty to be signed , time which the European Council felt was needed .
The necessary consultations with the European Parliament on these matters are continuing and will be concluded by the end of January 2003 .
But the Council is obliged to comply with the institutional procedures of the European Union and the consequences of the accession of the Member States on the specific dates set .
Recently , on 23 December , the presidency repeated the EU 's position in a declaration stating that the European Union was continuing to monitor internal developments in Venezuela closely with mounting concern .
Finally , the Council would point out that , in its resolution of 16 December , the Permanent Council of the OAS urged all sectors of society to preserve the free exercise of the essential elements of democracy to promote a constitutional , democratic , peaceful and electoral solution .
The fact that the European Union is carefully monitoring the situation from afar , as you said , and is talking about constitutional solutions at a time when it is crystal clear who comes within the framework of the constitution of the Republic of Venezuela and who does not - I would remind you of the position taken during last year 's Spanish Presidency by the Spanish Government , which basically welcomed the coup against President Chavez - demonstrates that the behaviour of the European Union is not so very different from the behaviour of the United States which , on the face of it at least , is also sticking to a 'watch and wait ' line .
I think that the Council is exhausting and will continue to exhaust whatever powers it has in this direction with respect to Venezuela .
As you know , the UN has been carrying out weapons inspections in Iraq under Resolution 1441 since 27 November .
The next stage in this procedure will be 27 January , when the head of the Monitoring , Verification and Inspection Commission , Hans Blix , and the director of the International Atomic Energy Agency , Dr El Baradei , submit a report containing their evaluation of Iraq 's declaration about its weapons of mass destruction to the Security Council .
We have decided to stand a country , a nation , up against the wall and then we demand that it totally disarm ; we - or more to the point the United States - who manufacture , export and use weapons of mass destruction .
Iraq has to be taught a lesson and disarmed !
And what is he going to do with these four members ?
Is this our peace effort ?
Whether the inspectors are or are not effective and how they evaluate the overall situation will be assessed once they have submitted their report .
Mr President-in-Office , it is strange to say the least that , at a time when the European Union is trying to raise its international profile , as the prime minister of Greece told us yesterday , it has failed to take a stand on the question of the USA 's so-called missile defence plans .
I have made a note of the honourable Member 's stand and shall bear it in mind .
Treaty ; we have all said that this will provoke a new round , a new arms race and a huge risk , a huge threat to world peace .
You are Greek !
I think I have replied , with the positions that I have stated .
The issues raised by the honourable Members have been raised on numerous occasions during political dialogue with Russia .
The ?SCE has done a useful job since 1995 , when its mandate started , and the ? U has called on the Russian Government to make every possible effort to ensure there is a follow-on Assistance Group with a broad mandate .
As one of these guarantees , Russia has confirmed that the accused will not face the death penalty , their health and safety will be assured and they will have unobstructed access to suitable medical care and legal assistance .
As far as preventing abuse by the security forces is concerned , recent comments by Russian ministers on the subject indicate that they are determined to curb acknowledged cases of abuse .
Finally , the ? U is currently examining its position and its strategy for the forthcoming 59th Assembly of the UN Commission on Human Rights .
Let us hope that with all the influence we can bring to bear , the image we have of Chechnya will soon take a turn for the better .
The fact that the Council is showing an interest and constantly intervenes along these lines proves it is determined to influence the situation in Chechnya .
We too , by which I mean the Council , are extremely worried about the problems there and we have the same political objectives as those mentioned by the honourable Members .
The Seville Council decided to create yet another repressive supranational mechanism , the European Corps of Border Guards .
However , the immediate creation of such a corps clashes with the Member States ' constitutions , which is why the Commission has decided on a hybrid solution which it refers to as 'common services to control external borders ' .
What is worrying is that the report adopted by the European Parliament is even more autocratic than the Commission communication