The Council remains convinced that the extraordinary meeting has paved the way for further reconciliation between the various ethnic groups and for its now being possible to create a stable political structure , something which is essential for the further reconstruction of Afghanistan .
With regard to further stabilisation of the country , the EU has confirmed many times since the beginning of the Bonn process that it is firmly resolved to support the reconstruction of Afghanistan .
In the future too , the Member States will supply most of the ISAF forces in Kabul .
The Community and the Member States will continue to supply the reconstruction aid pledged at the international donor conference held in Tokyo in January of this year .
As one of the four leaders of the steering group for the reconstruction of Afghanistan , the EU will continue to play an active role in the country 's reconstruction .
I might add that it was stated in the declaration in Seville that repatriation aid will be provided to Afghanistan , as requested by the UNHCR.
The EU will continue to be heavily involved in the necessary reform of the security sector , where a number of Member States will continue to play a leading role in the training of the army , border guards , police forces , anti-drugs squads and so on .
Last but not least , they will also form a sound basis for a continued dialogue on matters of substance with the Afghan authorities .
That is why it is important for the EU to have a special representative in Kabul , for the Member States to open embassies there and for the Commission to open a representation .
Mr President , I am able to state that we are strengthening the EU 's capacity in the field of institution building so that we can improve our support for this .
With regard to Mr Posselt 's observation that the Loya Jirga has deeply offended the Pashtuns , I would go on to say that nothing is perfect and that I did not maintain that the Loya Jirga is the expression of a perfect democracy .
Nor have I heard the European media say that .
The fact that Czech social democracy is apparently not perfect , either , might be considered comforting in the circumstances .
The Council would like to emphasise that reviews are regularly carried out of the list of groups and entities included in the annex to the Council 's common position on the application of specific arrangements for combating terrorism .
This happened following a careful assessment on the basis of the provisions in Article 1 of the common position I have just mentioned .
Attention should be paid to the recent recommendation by Turkey 's National Security Council that the state of emergency which still applies in four predominantly Kurdish provinces in the south-eastern part of the country be lifted .
These circumstances are naturally covered by the political Copenhagen criteria , and it goes without saying that accession negotiations cannot be initiated until these criteria have been fulfilled to the letter .
The EU uses all the political discussion meetings with Turkey to press for further progress in terms of democratic reforms .
It is made clear on these occasions that human rights and principles of the Rule of Law must be fully observed in the fight against terrorism and that the latter may in no way be used as an excuse for introducing or maintaining restrictions upon these rights .
I believe the honourable Member can rest assured that the matter has been carefully considered by experts .
Consideration has been given to it .
Now , however , that the PKK is on the list , it is not without reason .
There is no question of a subjective decision 's having been made .
Precisely because they are objective criteria , however , it might of course subsequently be possible to remove the PKK from the list on the basis of the same objective criteria .
There is nothing to suggest that it will .
In my answer , I gave an example of events in actual fact taking the opposite course .
I hope and believe , therefore , that my former fellow MEP is wrong about this matter .
I can assure Mrs Uca that I am aware both of the many thousands of destroyed villages and also of the fate that has overtaken Leyla Zana .
Specifically in order to enable everything to proceed on an objective basis , it is , however , important for matters to be investigated thoroughly .
Anything I said would be subjective .
We must follow the rules we ourselves have set , and we must listen to the experts whom we are asking to assess whether our criteria have , or have not , been fulfilled .
Yes , I agree with what , if I understood them correctly , were the last remarks of my former fellow MEP and good friend , Mr Wuori .
Matters must proceed on an objective basis .
Allow me , moreover , to say , finally , that I have the greatest respect for the work done by Mr Wuori for human rights here in Parliament , and I thank him for the book he gave me this afternoon .
I shall make a point of reading it .
Mr President , I would point out that the criteria governing what are , and are not , terrorist organisations are to be found in the Council 's common position of 2 May 2002 which states very precisely that it is experts who assess whether these criteria have been fulfilled .
We must hope that this can also happen in the future , for it is often the way in which terrorist organisations can stop being terrorist organisations .
Hence , these