has chaired the inter-group ' For East Timor ' and who has taken part in each of the European Parliament ' s missions to that country .
Lastly , I must say that I am glad to see a considerable degree of consensus and multiparty support for the candidature of Xanana Gusmão for the Presidency of East Timor .
What we have seen and heard today is the success of the process in Timor .
It would have been impossible to imagine that the tragic crisis following the referendum would be overcome and that , on 30 August this year , we would have the first elections of a new , free and independent State .
The principles of an ethical international policy have triumphed in East Timor .
Only with the help of the international community , specifically the European Union , will Timor be able to turn its independence into something marvellous and a fine example for the rest of the world .
I should like to focus on the second report that deals with the Schengen system , which has come before Parliament not for reasons of clear political will , but because the Council has not been able to achieve unanimity on maintaining the system of intergovernmental funding , whilst a source of Community funding is also necessary .
At the same time , a single Community information system must be set up consisting of a computer network system that contains data received under the three conventions , Schengen , Europol and Customs , bearing in mind the need to keep the data held under these conventions separate .
This initiative addresses the objectives of the system , which serves both judicial and police cooperation in criminal matters under the third pillar and the fields of visas , asylum and immigration and others concerning the free movement of people under the first pillar .
With the imminence of the new round of enlargement and given the challenges of adapting the new technologies and the new requirements , of which we are all aware , it is crucial that we develop the current system by providing Community funding for its modernisation .
I therefore feel , Mr President , that we must not get bogged down in the minutiae of accounting procedures or of the law .
It is precisely in the area of the environment that the dissatisfaction of communities has been most keenly felt .
There is nevertheless one subject on which I disagree with Mrs Korhola .
Examples of these are : the reference to the planning stage in the definition of consultation , its extension to cover economic and financial developments in the company and the obligation to seek agreement on all issues subject to the information and consultation of workers . extending consultation in particularly serious cases ; extending the concept of a serious breach of the obligations to inform and consult ; the implementation of the directive on public administration . the abolition of the employer ' s right to retain particularly sensitive information and the obligation for Member States to promote social dialogue within SMEs .
We hope that a majority in Parliament votes in favour of these and that the Council takes account of the positions that have been put forward here in one of the most sensitive areas of the protection of workers ' rights .
One pillar of the employment strategy , the entrepreneurial spirit , calls for priority to be given to the creation and growth of SMEs , which have enormous potential for job creation , as we can see from the most recent data from Eurostat , which shows that micro-enterprises with between one and nine workers made the greatest increase in terms of job creation in the European Union .
( PT ) We have supported this report since its first reading in February 2001 .
Undertaking studies on the provision of childminding structures and of home assistance and care services is an essential instrument for assessing shortcomings in this field , initially and then putting into practice , in a later stage , an action plan designed to enable people to reconcile their professional lives with their family lives .
The proposals contained in the Korhola report do , by and large , improve the document , although they do not sufficiently resolve all the shortcomings of the proposal for a Directive , which is why we have also voted in favour of other proposals that extend the report ' s proposal , thereby helping to ensure that an opportunity is not wasted in the complex process of implementing the Aarhus Convention .
It has become necessary to broaden the definition of 'public ' as much as possible .
Data from the Bank for International Settlements shows an enormous increase in international financial activity , which practically doubled in the 1990s , with trading on stock exchanges appearing increasingly disconnected from the real economy .
Mr President , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , guided by the 'guidelines for the 2002 budgetary process ' , approved on 3 April , Parliament has attached particular importance to improving the efficiency of the European institutions , with particular emphasis , in this field , on the Commission reform that is currently underway and on the quality of the budget ' s implementation .
It is also widely known that the European Parliament attaches clear priority to producing a more detailed study of the budget ' s implementation .
Increased operational spending will also be promoted , with corresponding reductions in administrative spending .
This is why we have been asking for information since at least March of this year , so that we can make an informed decision , both on the 2002 budget and on the Letter of Amendment .
We do not want to be systematically faced with faits accomplis .
