the developing countries .
There is of course no doubt at all that , in a long list of the countries we cooperate with , women are oppressed in a range of different areas .
In this connection , I believe that we must try to involve women themselves more actively , and perhaps we should start by developing a number of programmes with the help of those women who have come to Europe , for we do not always have precise policies for tackling their status in our own countries .
If we were to adopt this approach , we could perhaps also obtain some experience of use in connection with the developing countries .
I should like especially to refer to paragraphs 2 and 3 of the opinion of the Committee on Women 's Rights and Equal Opportunities in which we propose that the Commission do some very practical work on a number of aspects of this area .
Mr President , the EU is the civil and economic power that can make a contribution to democracy and human rights , a contribution beyond the scope of weaponry , namely work on crisis prevention .
Through its association and trade agreements , the EU can conduct an active policy in favour of human rights and democracy .
We have problems with our policy in the EU.
We accept clear breaches of the human rights clauses attached , for example , to the Association Agreement with Israel - clear breaches which have no consequences .
Our long debates will lead nowhere if we are unwilling either to put an end to the high-flown speeches or to allow the splendid words to be followed by action .
We can in actual fact make a difference .
We could have made a difference in such a way that what some of us experienced in Jenin yesterday might not have actually happened .
We are not powerless .
The methods required are , of course , completely different , however , and I should like to thank the two rapporteurs , precisely because it is clear from the reports that it is different initiatives that are required .
It is all very well talking about 'mainstreaming ' , but this must not cause us to forget practical action programmes .
The background to the article is research in the United States showing that 42 % of high-salaried women are childless .
They cannot .
They cannot have both careers and family lives with children .
The next headline therefore says : ' A female-friendly state can make a significant investment in the future ' .
I believe it has to be said that , in a number of Western countries , we are labouring under an illusion concerning equality .
It is the subject of men 's demands that it is necessary to bring up now .
Commissioner , I know you to be a clever and hard-working budget Commissioner .
As late as yesterday , I received an enquiry from a Danish municipality that included a message : ' Can you not work for a situation in which the Member States learn from the EU ?
When I received that appeal , I in fact felt genuinely happy .
We have done the right thing .
We wanted better opportunities for the individual citizen to become familiar with and to understand this policy , for it is of course at the end of the day the citizens , or electorate , who have to assess whether their national governments are up to scratch on employment policy .
We wanted to promote employment policy at local and regional levels through more information about local employment plans , through exchanges of experience concerning good practice and through demands that , in their national action plans , countries report on how local authorities can be involved in employment policy .
Moreover , a conciliation has now successfully been brought about which fulfils Parliament 's demands on these important points .
For example , we submitted proposals tabled by Parliament in another context , so there was good preparatory work .
We in Parliament have attached a lot of importance to there being a link between employment policy and the EU 's efforts via the social fund programmes .
In the declaration , the Commission promises to secure this link and fully to inform Parliament and the Council both of the priorities chosen within the framework of Article 6 under the European Social Fund and , especially , of the local activities to which quite large amounts will be allocated over the next couple of years .
I also want briefly to say something about the budget for employment policy .
However , we have now received assurances from the Commission that the additional input of information can be achieved within the EUR 55 million , and that is therefore something we are relying on .
A portion of the budget is to be used for assessing European employment policy .
We also wanted this assessment to extend to include the methodology used .
The 'open' coordination method has triumphed in many areas in recent years , and it would be odd if there were not both good and bad experiences arising from employment policy which can provide inspiration in the work using 'open' coordination in other areas .
All in all , I think it is a good result we have ended up with , and it is therefore up to the Commission and the Member States to fill out the new framework .
They have obtained a tool for participating in the work on the other important objectives of EU employment policy : reducing exclusion from the labour market , ensuring that we are flexible and competitive and ensuring that it becomes possible better to combine working life and family life .
