will see what policy for greater support we are able to adopt when the White Paper is revised .     The revised proposal put forward by the Commission on public service obligations answers your question , Mr Larrea , because it will indeed be necessary to ensure that the opening up of international passenger transport to competition respects the public service tasks recognised by the public authority .
The lack of a method of calculating infrastructure costs is detrimental to fair competition and encourages discriminatory treatment of users .
The Commission will be able to assess the need for further Community action on that basis .
It is also a tool designed mainly to use road transport to finance road transport .
I would like to thank the European Parliament , particularly your rapporteur , Mr Evans , who cooperated with the Council and the Commission to facilitate the speedy adoption of this proposal .
Madam President , Mr Twigg , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to thank Mr Evans once again for his excellent work and I would also like to thank the Committee on Transport and Tourism .
It is therefore our duty , as you just said , Commissioner , to take measures now that will be applicable from 2006 and may be renewed in 2007 to assist the initial efforts of these countries to restructure their sugar industries or to diversify their economies .
Madam President , one time does not make a habit .
On the same note , although I am pleased to note that the outermost regions are still eligible under Article 87( 3 )( a ) , I find it regrettable that the new proposals are not able to compensate for the announced reduction in aid .
You can count on my personal commitment and on that of the College .
This is , once again , one of the areas in which there is distinct European added value when viewed in the light of the contribution Europe can make to the action carried out at national level .
Parliament has done the same .
Ambition is not realised through communiqués and great and grand statements .
We need a comprehensive , ambitious and open review clause .
We take seriously the fiscal pressure on the Member States .
I fervently hope that when I address the Conference of Presidents next week our task will be to chart the path towards an interinstitutional agreement that will take Europe into the next decade with real confidence .
You have not understood a thing , and that is what is dangerous .
That would spark off debate in Iran , and the debate would be a serious one .
How can one dare envisage resolving Britain’s internal political and budgetary quarrels on the back of the new Member States , which have the most need of Community funds , while at the same time professing to be the champion of enlargement ?
Albion , embodied by the socialist Mr Blair , put forward its proposal on the 2007-2013 financial perspective just ten days before the European Council so that its partners could not present it with counter-proposals .
Nor can we accept the extensive efforts already made by the European Union in the area of agriculture being repudiated , particularly in the context of the WTO negotiations .
An agreement that opens the door to constructive negotiation with your Parliament and to the conclusion of a sound interinstitutional agreement , as – and this scarcely needs repeating – we need the agreement of the three institutions .
If we want a modern , reformist , competitive Europe , we need investment .
Mr Blair said : ‘the rebate is an anomaly’ .
From all the contacts that we have had with all Member States , we believe this can be accepted .
Thank you , Jean-Marie .
I shall now present at random some perhaps rather more critical points , and the prize awarded to the Ladies in White enables me to address them .
I have come to this House several times to defend her .
It is so easy to defend the ideas of people who think like us .
We do in fact live in democracies .
As for you , you are required to take into account other things , such as the economic interests of your countries and of Europe and diplomatic and military interests .
I hope – indeed , I am sure – that you are aware of this .
We rely on your doing so .
Do you know what is good about human rights ?
What was their status ?
On the other hand , if they do not exist , I would like the opprobrium piled on my country without any evidence , by rumours , to be lifted at some point in the future .
I would now like to say a few words on the amendments discussed and prepared in the Committee on Foreign Affairs .
Be it greater decentralisation or cultural autonomy , I hope that , here too , Parliament will be able to affirm the rights of minorities , particularly of the Hungarian minority , whilst remaining flexible .
During the second reading , for my part , I paid particular attention to the provisions of that directive relating to CE marking , as I felt that the wording was insufficiently clear in legal terms .
Commissioner , contrary to the prejudices of your learned assembly of scientists , nobody is more committed to conserving fishery resources than fishermen .
The president of the sitting also saw fit to make a comment following one of my colleagues ’ speeches , even though it contained no personal attacks and no insulting comments .
I have three brief comments : the share of the total budget given to agriculture and rural development is now only 43 % , which gives the lie to the United Kingdom’s argument that the CAP is too expensive