We are fully aware that the powers of the United Nations are very slight , but the road is worth travelling , in a framework of North-South financing in the drugs sector .
Since 1990 Nepal has been engaged in a radical institutional change which has led to free multi-party elections and the alternation of democratic governments .
I should like , in fact , to remind the Nepalese Government that it is true that the requirement of respect for democratic principles and human rights is one of the principal characteristics of European policy towards developing countries .
We are dealing , as I said , with a young democracy , still fragile , seeking unconditional support in order to be able to consolidate definitively its own process of democratic transition .
I would ask you , Mr President , to explain why no reply has ever been given to the questions concerning in particular the buildings policy in Brussels which has aroused , and continues to arouse , many doubts in this House .
Dedication is needed so that the political forces of that country seize the opportunity offered by Nyerere 's mediation .
Once again the European Union seems the victim of its own contradictions : on the one hand we say we want to help Burundi in its search for peace , but on the other hand we help countries which are causing Burundi 's problem .
In short , the enormous financial commitments undertaken since 1993 by the European Union in favour of Burundi cannot fail to imply also the Union 's strong and decisive political presence .
The extremists play on fear and insecurity to nurture hatred between the Hutu and the Tutsi communities , whilst racist messages are so widespread that this continues in the means of communication and the media .
I should like to know what , briefly , are the concrete initiatives which the Council is willing to undertake to help Burundi to emerge from this spiral of violence in which it is trapped .
Such a delay could not be justified ; above all it risks being a delay not only for the limited categories of motorcars but also for a limited number of firms and hence as an Italian Member I do not want to invite the accusation that Italians are only defending their own firms .
I think also , for reasons of compatibility with the rest of Europe and the need for industrial competitiveness , that all industries must be able to respect Community rules without exception .
To this end the machinery existing in the industrial scheme has been taken over as it was for application to the agricultural sector .
Since the due date for renewal of this text was entirely predictable , there seems to be no justification for not consulting the European Parliament long enough in advance to allow it to give a more detailed opinion .
I have recalled these painful passages in the report because they are the very ones to make the proposal credible .
It tries to make suggestions for possible actions to put the brake on this phenomenon .
We have less belief , we must say , in observatories which have frequently become in Europe only a means of squandering a little public money and of giving some friend a salary .
It is better to kiss a leper than to shake hands with an idiot !
I have , however , to point out that the triennial report is compiled by the Commission on the basis of the annual reports of the various Member States .
Underdevelopment and poverty are almost always at the root of crises ; the humanitarian actions in which the European Union has participated in recent years have largely been the result of conflicts that have come to the surface in developing countries , mainly of a domestic nature .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , today 's action represents an important stage in legislation because we are finally reaching the end of a process which will at last enable us to establish a legal basis for the European Union 's humanitarian aid .
I hope that , following tomorrow 's vote , the 'development ' Council , which meets on 28 May , will be able finally to close this dossier .
Turning to the three remaining amendments , I wish to make the following points .
As regards the third amendment , I have to say that the Commission has tried , and is trying , on a voluntary basis also , to have ever more contacts for the purposes of consultation with the non-governmental organizations .
In conclusion , I would again thank the House and the rapporteur , and I hope that , once the legal basis is established , our work will be able not only to continue but to improve .
I believe that this is an absolutely vital element in integration and that we have therefore to attach priority to instruments such as structural food aid , local purchases and triangular operations : I shall return later to each of those aspects .
I wish , however , to speak briefly about those amendments , and in particular the two most important amendments , which the Commission is not able to take on board , namely Amendment No 16 , because the Commission takes the view that allocating food aid exclusively to population groups that are unable to cope with food supply shortages themselves and focusing only on fundamental food shortages , as you have proposed , is likely to limit the scope of the aid and the food security operations .
Looking now at Amendment No 21 , last indent , concerning Community funding , the Commission wishes to point out that the funding concerns