The problem is that the ban , which is to be introduced in the EU from 2005 , does not apply to the production of asbestos for third countries .
I also know that the Commission has been reluctant to incorporate a direct ban into the directive itself on the grounds that to do so would not be to follow the normal procedure and might therefore cause legal problems .
If this is the case , I would urge the Commission to find another solution so that we can also obtain a ban on the production of asbestos for sale to third countries .
It is , to put it bluntly , immoral , and I quite simply do not understand those Member States who cannot appreciate this .
The EU should naturally cease such production .
Moreover , workers involved in production for third countries would be exposed to asbestos whether the product were sold within or outside the EU.
A change to this directive so that it also includes a ban on production for , and exports to , third countries could be a good way to begin changing this state of affairs .
Mr President , civilisation is no longer present in the Middle East .
We must bring civilisation back to the area .
That is the principle upon which EU cooperation is based , and something could be learned from this in the Middle East .
It is shocking that Israel 's leaders have denied the three high-ranking people access to the area .
Israel must not be given special treatment .
It must accept that everyone should be treated equally and that there should be equality under the law .
According to the Speaker of the Knesset , with whom I had the opportunity to speak yesterday , 65 % of Israel 's population support Sharon but , at the same time , 80 % support the Saudi Arabian peace proposal .
We see peace agreements between Egypt and Israel and between Jordan and Israel .
What can we do ?
Again , it is a question of ensuring that the rule of law replaces the rule of power .
At the same time , we must have an international peace-keeping force put in place in the Palestinian region .
A guarantee must be given to the international community and , at the same time , Israel must not see this as a hostile act .
As a very highly regarded Jew in Denmark said to me : ' There are two idiots in the region at the moment .
One is Sharon , and the other is Arafat ' .
The rule of law must return to the area .
It must be possible for those of us in Europe who are friends of Israel to criticise the Israeli Government , and it must be possible for citizens of Denmark , which is a true and genuine friend of Israel , to criticise without being attacked for being anti-Semitic .
There is no doubt that what we saw in Jenin was a complete lack of respect for human life .
If that is not a lack of respect for human life , I do not know what is .
The fact that there are dead bodies there can be smelt , however .
If it is not known how many bodies there are down there , it is because men and women were separated from each other .
The men have still not been handed back to Jenin , so it is not known how many are still prisoners of the Israelis and how many are lying dead beneath the rubble .
If we are to condemn the suicide bombers , as of course we must , we must condemn what has happened in Jenin just as vigorously .
We must condemn its action and we must demand that the guilty be held responsible , with Israel itself holding the soldiers who have committed these inhuman acts to account .
We have the exact figures from human rights organisations .
We know how they have been killed : whether they have been killed in bombardments or whether they have been shot and , if so , where they have been shot .
We know how many of them are men and how many are women .
We know that there is now no registration of births or deaths .
There is no registration of criminals , yet at the same time it is said that President Arafat should imprison the criminals .
However , there are no longer any registers , for everything has been systematically destroyed .
I would ask Commissioner Patten to withdraw his statement about guarantees that this must not happen again .
If we do not receive guarantees from Israel , are we really to delay putting the whole of this structure in place , or not to put it in place at all ?
I decline now to distinguish between the two , for it is of course Ariel Sharon that we are talking about .
He is now being held in detention .
He is being interrogated 21 hours at a time and is only allowed to sleep for three hours .
He is under the same immunity as myself .
It is a phase in the complete destruction of Palestinian society , its infrastructure and leaders .
Let us tell it like it is .
Let us not make any assumptions .
Above all , however , I should like to thank the rapporteurs for their sound reports .
In relation to the candidate countries - which are also of course , in a way , third countries - we have had great success in attaching importance to human rights and democratisation through the Copenhagen Criteria and the whole set of EU regulations .
That applies not merely to the candidate countries but also to