Will you , President Prodi and your colleague Commissioner Verheugen , instruct the Commission to open those chapters for the applicant countries who have achieved everything we have so far required so that at Nice we can look the peoples of Central and Eastern Europe in the eye and say : yes , we have succeeded in making the necessary reforms and within the lifetime of one Parliament you will also take your place in Brussels and Strasbourg .
I do not believe that failure is an option .
We have been talking about Amsterdam leftovers .
Our public in the EU and the public in the candidate countries will not accept the prospect of Nice leftovers , of a second IGC in 2004 .
I hope that we are in a position to congratulate the French Presidency for its success ; but if you fail , we shall be harsh in our condemnation .
I wish to refer to the disgraceful demonstration that took place in the Foreign Affairs Committee of this Parliament yesterday morning when the Turkish Minister of Foreign Affairs was involved in discussions with us .
A number of members of a Marxist-Leninist group tried to disrupt the meeting and threatened the Chairman .
This was an abuse of this Parliament 's proceedings , a gross discourtesy to a distinguished guest and an event that could have had very serious consequences .
Mr President , will you please instruct the Quaestors to identify the culprits , to identify how they obtained access to the Parliament and ensure that they are banned from future access .
Will you also take steps generally to tighten security in appropriate ways so that there could be no recurrence .
It is sometimes difficult to get legitimate visitors and groups into this building but those with malign intentions seem to have no difficulty .
We began this session by expressing our condolences for the latest victim of terrorism in Spain .
It would seem that those responsible for the demonstration in the Foreign Affairs Committee may have connections with a Turkish terrorist group .
I am sure that all in this House will join me in condemning all terrorism whatever its alleged motivation .
In relation to Turkey , we are making many demands of the Turkish Government and people as they embark on the long road to accession to the European Union .
At the same time , we expect that opposition groups in Turkey will resort exclusively to peaceful means .
I shall be placing a declaration to this effect before the House and I trust all Members will give it their support .
Mr President , I would be grateful if you would report back to the House on the points that I have raised .
I would like to associate my group with this complaint about this very serious and indeed frightening incident .
I would say to Mr Wurtz that it is a part of the process of trying to open up the prospect of European integration for Turkey that we show them the sanctity and power of parliamentary democracy .
If we cherish it inside this place , we should certainly be prepared to welcome and secure our guests in a very much more credible fashion than we showed ourselves able to do yesterday .
If we are not proud of our Parliament , we cannot expect the Turks to copy us .
Mr President , as we discuss defence and security policy and conflict resolution , we should never forget the very basic reason why the European Union exists : It is the best example in the history of the world of conflict resolution .
When you examine the past century , in the first half of it we had two world wars - the worst in the history of the world - millions of dead .
Yet those same people in those same countries created European Union in that same century , and the principles that go to the heart of European Union , when applied anywhere in the world , will bring peace .
When we speak about conflict resolution why , instead of sending soldiers , do you not send this philosophy and why do you not consider setting up in the European Commission a section on peace and reconciliation and a Commissioner for peace and reconciliation , given the massive and fundamental experience of European Union and conflict resolution ? ( Applause from the left )
I have to say that there is much in the Brok report that we can support , in particular the importance attached to enlargement of the European Union .
However we have concerns in particular about the nature of common European security and defence policy .
I say this in spite of the mass of apparent reassurances on this subject that have miraculously been generated in the past few days .
If the proposed European capabilities were indeed designed to reinforce NATO or the options for the alliance , we would have few difficulties .
But this is not the case .
The Union is bent on establishing an autonomous capability in pursuit of European political integration .
Mr Richard says he does not want to compete with NATO but he does want to compete with America in the security policy arena .
Among other ambitions , Mr Brok proposes that the European Union should set its military operational sights on a zone of instability in Asia , from Afghanistan to the China sea .
He mentioned Kashmir - I find this alarming .
The Lalumière report wants EU military operations to be funded from the Community budget and even those not participating would be expected to pay up as well .
There is a proposal to turn to Russia for long-range air transport and yesterday the Russians suggested common intelligence-gathering