In an EU which has been enlarged by a further twelve States and in which seven hundred seats in Parliament have been distributed as proposed in the resolution , Sweden would have thirteen seats , Finland seven and Ireland five .
A comparison might be made with the United States in which the one chamber in a two-chamber system has proportional representation , while representation in the second chamber is the same for all constituent States .
It is noticeable that they are now completely silent and that it is now only the Confederal Group of the European United Left/Nordic Green Left which is demanding the democratisation of monetary union .
Genetically modified organisms , or GMOs , mean that industry and , ultimately , human beings themselves are , in the name of health , medicine , larger harvests , insect-resistant crops and other supposed forms of future progress and improvements to human existence , embarking upon a path towards an unknown destination .
Since 1998 , the Commission ' s proposals have been under discussion .
Our political decisions must instead be guided by the concept of stewardship and not by manipulation of the genetic code .
The Directive guarantees a high level of protection .
Nothing is so enduring as the accidental .
I do not , however , believe that investigations of that kind can be carried out annually .
The Swedish Christian Democrats think that the European Parliament must change a number of points in the proposal that has now been approved by the Committee on Constitutional Affairs .
I shall concentrate on these .
If , in the future , there is no Commissioner for each Member State , the Council of Ministers may assume the Commission ' s current role .
The distance from the voters would be too great .
Party financing may be misused .
Suspension is a serious measure .
It is therefore important that it should be possible to conclude the Intergovernmental Conference before the end of the year .
If the composition of the European Parliament is to be adjusted , I therefore advocate a proportional , degressive reduction in the number of Members .
I therefore recommend a system which takes account of differences in the size of the population .
EU cooperation is , in the first place , a civil European project and ought to be distinguished from anything of a military nature .
A European military alliance should not , therefore , be created within the framework of the EU' s institutions but between individual States .
It is now also at the top of the agenda prior to the Swedish Presidency .
We do not , however , want to see European cooperation cease or degenerate into bickering , which would be a risk if 30 countries could constantly use their vetoes .
Swedish taxpayers , who also pay net amounts into the European Union , are in fact at a loss to understand the madness of travelling backwards and forwards with thousands of cases every month .
I also want to end by expressing special thanks to Commissioner Barnier for being present throughout the debate and for his commitment to these issues .
I want to thank the Council for its answer .
We do , of course , have shortcomings within the EU.
Is there not a need for a joint authority to coordinate this work ?
I was under the impression that it was not possible to act if it was a national legal system which had pronounced judgement , because that would amount to interfering in national affairs .
Does this mean that a door has been opened for military cooperation between Turkey ' s and the European Union ' s forces in , for example , peace enforcement operations ?
At present , the financial services market and , through this , Europe ' s power to grow have been impeded by countless national regulations and administrative complications .
We Liberals do not regard tax harmonisation as a prerequisite for bringing the single market for financial services to fruition , even if a degree of harmonisation may prove to be necessary to avoid harmful competition over taxes .
The Commission ' s Green Paper on liberalising complementary forms of pension protection is something we welcome .
It is nonetheless important to emphasise that pension cover in Europe is characterised by national diversity and that there is no need to harmonise the various systems in order to create a single market .
However , it is desirable , in order to avoid double taxation , to introduce a minimum degree of harmonisation in regard to the Member States ' treatment of supplementary pensions for tax purposes .
Views were put forward to the effect that only those systems which cover risks of this kind are to be included under the directive .
The hope is that the market-based pensions will then also prove to be good for pensioners in thirty or forty years ' time .
Supplementary assurances are therefore a problem .
Even if these too are market-based , they offer much more in terms of stability and security than the privatised pension assurances .
We politicians ought to be putting our faith in a good , sound system of basic pensions .
It is the big States which are obtaining more power , those and the central institutions .
There must be clear definitions of powers in regard to what is to be decided centrally , what is to be decided in the Member States and what can be decided at regional level .
Thirdly , this is no democratic , constitutional process but a case of a power game behind locked doors .
The aim of the present Intergovernmental Conference is to prepare the EU for this enlargement .
If enlargement is to be implemented successfully , certain institutional changes are required .
The