The special Lisbon Summit on employment , economic reform and social cohesion of 23-24 March 2000 brought poverty and social exclusion back onto the Union ' s agenda for the first time in a long time .
In submitting its proposal for a programme to combat social exclusion , the Commission is complying with the Council ' s call to present " by June 2000 " an "initiative for cooperation in this field " .
According to Eurostat figures , some 18 % of the population of the EU live on less than 60 % of the average national income ( taking the low-income threshold as a measure of relative poverty ) .
The Commission proposal establishing a programme of Community action to encourage cooperation between Member States to combat social exclusion ( 2001-2005 ) consists of promoting a better understanding of social exclusion , mainstreaming the promotion of inclusion and developing priority actions addressed to specific target groups .
This strategy is to be implemented through three main strands .
Strand 1 : analysis of characteristics , causes , processes and trends in social exclusion ; strand 2 : policy cooperation and exchange of best practice ; strand 3 : dialogue involving the various stakeholders .
The open method of coordination is emphasised which respects the principle of subsidiarity whilst actively involving all relevant actors .
This is all welcome , but like the rapporteur I believe the programme could be more radical .
I support his amendments .
- I welcome this report which calls for more funding for the proposed European programmes to combat poverty and social exclusion .
Cooperation between Member States is crucial for tackling these deep rooted problems that exist all across the EU , but particularly in my own constituency in the North-West of England .
Moss Side and Salford are amongst the most deprived inner city areas in the whole of Europe .
We are sadly all too familiar with the spider 's web of problems impoverished areas face - deprivation , social exclusion , unemployment , crime and drug abuse , but with the help of European schemes tackling social exclusion and European cash , local communities can begin to free themselves from this evil tangle .
The British Labour Government has been leading the fight against poverty and social exclusion .
Three years ago , the Prime Minister set up the Social Exclusion Unit which coordinates government action to reduce social exclusion by producing joined up solutions to joined up problems .
It works with other departments which have a close bearing on social exclusion .
I fully endorse this innovative measure that has benefited many young people in particular , through strong action on truancy and school exclusion , sleeping rough , teenage pregnancy and providing support to 16-18 year olds not in education , employment or training .
This is a great example of the Labour Government delivering concrete benefits to ordinary people .
With a new , radical approach , I strongly believe that we can , not only turn the corner , but reach the finishing line too and , one day , banish poverty and social exclusion from the North-West entirely .
Rothe report ( A5-0320/2000 )
Mr President , I am very glad that there has been such strong support across the House for the powerful statement we have in this resolution condemning the military junta in Burma .
But , at the same time , I am extremely sad that we must have yet another resolution on Burma because the situation there , far from getting better , is actually getting much worse .
The need for this further resolution stems from a number of reasons .
Among the most important is the fact that the SPDC has vowed to crush the National League for Democracy by the end of this year .
The signs are that they are serious .
Their attempt to evict the NLD from their current location looks like a systematic campaign to achieve that .
The number of political prisoners appears to have risen from 1,500 to 3,000 very recently , many of whom are forced to carry out hard labour and are subject to cruel forms of torture .
The forthcoming EU/ASEAN meeting in Laos in December offers us a crucial opportunity to demonstrate our condemnation of this regime in the strongest terms .
We are calling for the Council and the Commission to postpone that meeting , to call it off , until the Burmese junta releases all political prisoners without conditions and allows freedom of movement for Aung San Suu Kyi and her party members and until the Burmese junta enters into a meaningful dialogue with the election-winning NLD and the ethnic minorities .
Aung San Suu Kyi herself has said that the constructive engagement approach by ASEAN in relation to Rangoon is not working .
The opportunity to call off and to postpone this meeting that is due next month in Laos offers us the opportunity to make the statement in the strongest terms , to send the strongest possible signal that we condemn this illegal regime .
Mr President , in an answer to me on Burma in the October session Commissioner Patten said that if things deteriorate in Burma , then holding the EU-ASEAN meeting planned for 11 and 12 December would be reconsidered .
How bad do things have to get ?
Aung San Suu Kyi is held incommunicado .
There are 3,000 political prisoners , 23 % of the population live below the poverty line and 40 % of the children in Burma are malnourished .
Burma is now the world 's second largest producer of heroin and opium after Afghanistan .
They are conducting a major offensive against the Shan people and the Karen people and , as the UN rapporteur has said , there is no sign of any dialogue between the SDPC and the NLD.
