that they are sticking to the existing ceilings .
If that happens we have major problems and Mr Wurtz may be our best friend at the end of the day .
Let us bear that in mind .
As regards MEDA , the Council said that the commitments are not a problem owing to the eight years of payment backlogs .
If we took that argument to its final conclusion , we would not need any commitments .
We could solve all our problems by taking every commitment away from MEDA and just working on the outstanding payments .
We believe that the Commission has proposed realistic figures for MEDA.
We have spoken to Commissioner Patten at length , as well as to Commissioner Schreyer , and if the extra staffing is made available , as proposed in the White Paper , at least there should be the beginnings of some substantial movement on MEDA.
There is a distinct difference between Parliament and the Council .
We know that we have representation without taxation .
We do not have to find the money - the Member States have to do that .
We have representation without taxation .
But the Council ' s problem is prime ministers and foreign ministers who say one thing and finance ministers who say another .
That is something like proclamations without appropriations .
There is a real lack of coordination that leads to deprivation and frustration .
( Laughter and applause ) President-in-Office , there are several issues which we need agreement on : real issues .
I would like to touch on the White Paper , because you and the Commission have failed to mention what was actually said in the trialogue .
That concerns the early retirement scheme where , I believe , the Commission gave its approval in principle , but you were awaiting a proposal on the financial regulation .
That will be one of the issues we have to resolve - it is not just the question of the 400 posts , it is the package that goes with it .
President-in-Office , I am looking forward to the trialogue and to the conciliation with great anticipation .
My flight is booked for Friday , so I am ready for a long night on Thursday , but I hope that at the end of all this we can get a budget we are all satisfied with , so we can do justice to the tax-payers of the European Union , to the people we represent , but also to those in need , especially in the MEDA areas , especially in Serbia and especially in the western Balkans .
Thank you for the answer .
I certainly absorbed the messages of Biarritz and I was encouraged by the things that occurred there .
I would just ask Minister Moscovici two further questions .
Firstly , would he agree that it would be more sensible to restrict the use of closer cooperation solely to those issues where unanimity applies within the Council ?
As he appreciates , this is a growing feeling within Parliament .
And the second question concerns the reaction of the candidate countries to the debate inside the EU Union concerning closer cooperation .
Do you find that they welcome the prospect or are they perhaps frightened of it ?
Mr President , will the President-in-Office join me in expressing regret at the killings on 9 July 2000 of two of the young men of the Atlantis Ecological Group : Tristan James , grandson of the founder of the group , Jenny James , who lives in Colombia , and Javier Nova , the boyfriend of one of Jenny ' s young daughters , who were brutally murdered by a renegade group of Farc rebels when they returned to the area they had both lived in for most of their 18 years to visit relatives there .
When Mr Moscovici answers Mr De Rossa that he is sensitive to what he says , why is it that when the General Affairs Council on 9 October particularly referred to a European plan for Colombia , the European Commission subsequently issued a communication on 18 October which uses the words " Plan Colombia " , with its military aid and with its aerial spraying of crops which have been condemned by the Panamanian Interior Minister , Winston Spadafora , the Venezuelan Minister , José Vicente Rangel and governments in Peru , Equator and Brazil ?
Will he today repeat that the Council will not support Plan Colombia , as Mr De Rossa and I and every civilised Member of this House want ?
Question No 11 by (H-0725/00 ) : Subject : Viability of Tobin-type taxes at European level In view of the recent report issued by the French Minister of Finance indicating that Tobin-type taxes would not be viable if introduced by a single Member State , what steps does the French Presidency propose with a view to securing the viability of such taxes at European Union and global level ?
I have three brief questions for Mr Moscovici .
Firstly , will he come and speak to us as a militant on a future occasion ?
Secondly , is he aware that the recent Labour Party Conference passed a document which overwhelmingly said that they would work with its international partners and all stake-holders towards addressing the concerns raised by advocates of the Tobin Tax and introducing new mechanisms for international stability and better global financial regulation ?
And thirdly , as he says he can neither say yes nor no at the moment , is he willing to argue for the European Union to conduct a study of these matters so that in future we will be able to say yes or no , and be able to make some sensible contribution to the UN Financing for Development Conference that is coming up at the beginning of 2002 ?
