The way to solve the problem that has been suggested , that is , that selfemployed drivers should be included in the directive , however , is wrong .
The right way to resolve the problems associated with phoney selfemployment would be to agree on a definition for selfemployment between worker and employer organisations at EU level .
With regard to this issue , we should proceed in accordance with the compromise which , among others , Mrs Wortmann-Kool , ViceChair of the centreright European People 's Party ( Christian Democrats ) , was building .
It is a pity that Parliament is not allowing any opportunities for a compromise .
Food information to consumers ( debate ) Member of the Commission . - Mr President , let me first thank Mr Karas , Ms Bowles and others for raising these very important issues concerning the quality of statistical data and Eurostat .
I am glad that it will soon be adopted , I trust , and we will then have it in our arsenal .
We needed it a long time ago , as Ms Bowles said .
Times have changed and now we have broad support for this in the Council .
The Commission can , therefore , accept the compromise text .
Member States will be visited more regularly than at present in the so-called EDP Dialogue Visits .
Before concluding , let me say a few words about Greece on some topical issues .
I wish to use this opportunity and maybe take a minute more of your time .
The amended regulation should , in future , better mitigate the risk of fraud or manipulation of statistics , or of any other kind of irregularity .
I have discussed this also with my colleague Michel Barnier and the Commission President .
This decision of Moody 's seems inconsistent with the evolution of Greek sovereign bond deals and CDS spreads , which have narrowed significantly since the agreement on the programme .
In particular , the Commission will look in the coming months at the issues of the level of competition in this sector - highly concentrated for the time being - as well as at the transparency regarding methodology and the conflict of interests , since the system remains based on the payer-issuer model .
Let me conclude by saying that it is of absolute importance that we have accurate and reliable statistical data on national accounts .
Hence , this amendment on Eurostat 's powers is part and parcel of reinforcing economic governance in Europe , which is indeed a necessary objective .
The adoption of this proposal is one of the cornerstones of our efforts to reinforce our economic and monetary union .
I agree with those who say that it is not fair to continue this 'Greece bashing ' , because Greece is now on track and its programme is being implemented effectively .
On Bulgaria , our concerns relate mostly to two aspects of the budgetary forecast .
I trust that at least the Bulgarian Members of the European Parliament are listening to my clarifications concerning Bulgaria 's excessive deficit procedure and statistical problems .
Secondly , we lack information on why Bulgaria revised its planned budget for 2010 from a balanced budget to a deficit of 3.8 % within just a few weeks , even though the macro-economic scenario remained unchanged or even improved .
This is not a statistical issue .
According to the information obtained from the Bulgarian authorities , the conclusion of their internal budget audits will only be completed by mid-summer .
Ladies and gentlemen , once again , thank you for your attention and especially for your broad and strong support for our proposal , which is the very first legislative proposal of the second Barroso Commission .
Indeed , its adoption is essential for the effective functioning of economic and monetary union .
Climate change is a fact , and we must learn to live with it .
Copenhagen can take the credit for the establishment of the climate fund for the developing countries .
People have got it into their heads that if we cut emissions , all the other problems will just melt away .
The best way to help the climate is to help people out of poverty , because poverty , if anything , prompts people to resort to environmentally harmful solutions .
For this reason , I believe it is very important that the report should expressly state that money earmarked for fighting and adapting to climate change should not come out of the EU 's other development aid commitments .
The euro is not only a monetary arrangement ; it is also a core political project - if not the core political project - of the European Union .
I am tempted to read it out , but it would take some 12 minutes of your time .
I would just say in passing that we are carrying out regular quantitative surveys .
The concerns of the general public are addressed through all available channels , such as the website , publications , questions and answers , leaflets as well as various networks dealing with economic policy making , trade unions , employers ' organisations and so on and so forth .
We are working on all fronts together with the Member States in order to get the message across concerning the euro .
I want to make three points on this .
Secondly , our Member States are making great efforts in fiscal consolidation .
While many other countries still have fiscal space , they should not start consolidation before next year - this is to ensure that we do not suffocate the current ongoing economic recovery .
We need your support in order to convince the European Council - convince the Member States - and keep up the momentum so that we can have