The terrible recent catastrophe in Greece merely points , unfortunately , to a failure in the system , and in a few days the Greek people will have the chance to chastise a compromised political class and choose others to make political decisions .
Apart from that , this new case , which highlights to the point of absurdity the narrowness of the criteria now applied in the name of preventing distortions of competition , reinforces the view of my group that , before any final decision is taken on the future European treaty , it is vital to have a thorough , public and wide-ranging debate on the aims of the Union and whether these are consistent with the policies put into operation .
Mr President , President of the Commission , ladies and gentlemen , the fight against terrorism is an area in which Europe has to switch from the virtual to the real .
This is not , as people often say , a clash of civilisations but a confrontation between those who put respect for human beings and pluralism above everything , and those who , in the name of Jihad , would eliminate anyone who does not think like them or who holds other beliefs .
I think it is important for us now to have a genuine debate leading to better democratic control by the European Parliament and by national parliaments .
There is no question as far as I am concerned of compromising security .
Geographical and occupational mobility is a crucial instrument for the success of the Revised Lisbon Strategy and more generally for the proper operation of the internal market on the basis of the social market economy .
Unfortunately , the resolution only highlights the harmful consequences of alcohol and not the benefits of moderate consumption .
From milk lakes to the Aral Sea of milk .
Were the European banks more gullible ?
As a former rapporteur in favour of prudential rules and supervision of financial conglomerates , I experience this as a personal failure .
While invoking the UN International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights , they neglect to say that at the same time , the same UN General Assembly voted in the International Covenant on Economic , Social and Cultural Rights , which they are quick to forget about .
It is our credibility in talking about human rights that is at stake here .
You can invent indicators , a type of maximum sustainable yield , but if your neighbour is fishing more , you fishing less will not improve stocks .
European beet growers and sugar producers in outermost regions must therefore be sacrificed for the benefit of Brazil and other countries , hence the 2006 reform .
The proposed decision authorises France to apply a reduced rate of excise duty on a significant quota of 'traditional ' rum produced in its overseas departments from 1 January 2007 to 31 December 2012 .
I voted in favour of the report by my German colleague Mr Mayer on the amended proposal for a directive of the European Parliament and of the Council on stands for two-wheel motor vehicles ( codified version ) .
However , I also alerted the competent French and European authorities to the lack of transparency in the criteria for allocating this aid , which is the responsibility of the Member States .
This will create new jobs and encourage research and innovation in the energy sector .
Last year , these two probes left the solar system , or the 'heliosphere ' , as it is called , to travel 42 000 light years to the nearest star ; in other words , 200 000 kilometres multiplied by 3 600 , multiplied by 24 , multiplied by 365 , multiplied by 42 000 .
Our aim is to help create a multipolar world .
Personally I believe there to be five fundamental objectives .
Everyone must be able to access our towns and cities .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , thank you in advance for all your valuable contributions .
I would like to thank Mr Beaupuy in particular , as well as the urban mobility group , which I am sure will make a valuable contribution .
To a certain extent , the final question in our questionnaire provides an answer to what Mr Savary said .
Thank you , Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , and I sincerely look forward to continuing this exciting debate on urban mobility over the coming months .
Subject : Connecting Bucharest , Constanza and Sofia to the European high-speed rail network One of the trans-European transport network 's 30 priority projects is priority axis No 22 , which includes the following railway sections : Athens-Sofia-Budapest-Vienna-Prague-Nuremberg/Dresden .
The cost of the work to be carried out up to 2013 comes to EUR 320 million , out of a total of EUR 1 380 million for the entire line .
This agreement is a key phase in the elimination of the bottleneck represented by the Stuttgart-Ulm section , since it includes funding for the work to start in 2010 .
Could you write to me on the subject , so that I can contact Deutsche Bahn ?
For the time being , we are awaiting clarification from the Greek authorities on the ruling of the court of arbitration .
This will be a real challenge for the future for European competitiveness .
It is now time for Europe to speak with one voice on energy , because we face serious threats to security of supply , transit and investment .
However , this is all too little , for the manpower , material and financial resources deployed are still insufficient .
As regards the current situation with legal immigration , our Group believes that the commitment displayed by the country of origin to control illegal immigration should be made a condition for