Ladies and gentlemen , the report that I call upon you to approve takes a fresh look at the amendments required for inclusion in the Regulation in force since 2001 .
We are , however , more reserved with regard to unlimited access to European databases .
Some aquifers have already seriously deteriorated due to the effects of intensive farming , with massive use of pesticides , herbicides and fertilisers , including nitrates .
This directive must not deviate from the principles adopted in the Water Framework Directive .
These two men are victims of political persecution .
We should also be worried that this report on public health uses terms such as ‘market ’ and ‘consumers’ .
The organisations that campaign , for instance , to practice sports in good-quality water have rallied themselves by gathering in excess of 10 000 signatures , precisely to persuade us to integrate recreational sports .
Firstly , it is important to implement appropriate measures in order to provide the public with good information .
In terms of the material deposited , moreover , the copy should be of a high technical quality to enable good use to be made of the film at a later date .
To this end , I should like to alert my fellow Members to the necessity of integrating financing terms suitable for European film production into the Media 2007 programme .
Cinema deserves a heritage policy , in the same way as buildings , pictures or books .
I am genuinely happy to see such wonderful harmony within this Chamber on a 9 May .
The two Presidents agreed that , if we wished to make progress with the negotiations on the commercial aspects , they should be based on the best offers exchanged at that point by the two partners .
Our efforts are essentially focused on the stage reached by the technical preparations and Mercosur’s level of commitment to substantial discussions , since our ambition at this stage is to prevent a downwards spiral and to avoid jeopardising the progress already made .
The offer relating to access to Mercosur’s market in services remains unsatisfactory in a number of key sectors of interest to the European Union , such as financial services , maritime transport and telecommunications .
In order to accomplish these projects , sufficient means are indeed necessary .
If I may , I would like briefly to discuss three questions .
This programme should be settled in the course of 2006 .
I want to be clear on this question .
As President-in-Office of the Council , I can but state that until June , the Luxembourg Presidency attaches great importance to this section of the financial perspectives and would not wish it to be reduced , because that would mean that the political priority would be decreased or further delayed .
I will not go over all of the speeches that have been made , particularly by members of the Committee on Transport and Tourism .
The fundamental objective of this proposal for a directive is to complete , at port level , the measures adopted in 2004 exclusively on port terminals , within the context of the regulations regarding the security of ships and port facilities .
I would add that , when I travelled to the United States last month , I was able to visit Mr Jackson , who is responsible for national security .
We can therefore endorse Amendments 13-75 , but unfortunately not Amendments 1-12 .
I should like to point out that Parliament , during its examination of the 2004 report , was against keeping the individual opt-out agreement .
It is without any hesitation whatsoever that I endorse the text presented by Mr Cercas .
The public must be informed about the quality of bathing water , and its quality must be improved .
These security measures must obviously not be restricted to port terminals alone , but must also extend to the whole of the port and related activities .     .
It also stressed the need to develop a medium - and long-term EU strategy that will be compatible with the 2°C target and in that respect I believe that it answers all the concerns you have voiced and that it takes on board the suggested solutions for the various sectors to which you referred .
Mr President , when it comes to small arms and light weapons ( SALW) , we all know that the world is faced with many regional conflicts where weapons of this kind , sometimes even used by children , are creating extremely dangerous and destructive situations .
The European Union notes the progress made at these talks , while regretting that the participating states remain divided on the two big issues of the type of instrument and the inclusion of ammunition .
It is therefore essential that we tackle these questions through multinational partnerships combining preventive and responsive measures and it is also essential that we use the United Nations instruments to that end .
First of all , the strengthening of the control mechanisms within the European Union itself to make it easier to trace the route taken by arms , since this information helps us to uncover , spotlight and identify the existing and growing export trade in this type of arms .
First , traceability is a very important aspect , since it enables us to trace back the entire route the arm has taken .
These restrictions are all manifestly important aspects of this treaty .
Whether the mindset of a central banker is enough to make a good Executive Board member , or whether it requires a broader vision and outlook is something we have debated a number of times .
Driven from their homes by an irresponsible economic policy , the sad truth is that farmers are highly likely to turn to crime .
I will close on the external dimension of this matter