Mr President , two things .
I am rather annoyed that the Commission has not thought along the same lines as the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs regarding Amendments Nos 3 and 5 , because they specifically emphasise the efforts at prevention I tried to emphasise in my speech .
I would also ask the Commission to give us a little help today in responding to something said by Mr Bushill-Matthews and Mr Pronk .
Mr Bushill-Matthews must also agree with me that , in the long term , what is economically most sustainable is not to have a whole lot of people sitting on the 'reserve bench ' .
Could the Commission explain to Mr Pronk once and for all that people who play football or go to football matches will not be affected by this directive ?
And perhaps we could also , once and for all , have the lobbyists locked out of this House .
However , I can remember a time when no one could discover how to replace asbestos .
I can now understand people 's wanting to make collections .
However , it is of course not only a question of what happens to the material when it is worn out but also of what happens to it while it is in use .
Now that there has been an investigation indicating that the quantity of brominated flame retardants in mother 's milk is forty times greater than had previously been assumed , we would ask if it might not then have been a good idea to draw up a long-term plan for when these substances might also be banned in their two aforementioned forms , which I shall refrain from trying to pronounce .
of the opinion of the Committee on Development and Cooperation .
My only objection is that , because most of the world 's biological diversity exists in tropical areas in the developing countries , I should like to have seen the development aspect given a rather more prominent place in the report .
Paragraph 49 calls for EU support for measures aimed at encouraging indigenous peoples to manage and preserve biodiversity .
I have tabled an amendment adjusting the wording to the effect that the EU should support the role which , in virtue of its traditional knowledge , the original population plays in preserving and managing biodiversity .
I have tabled an amendment with a view to having this aspect included in the report .
In southern Africa , elephant populations have become so large that they destroy biodiversity and , given the economic situation of the countries concerned , it is completely unreasonable that the latter should not be able to obtain an income from their elephants .
Biodiversity has become a concept that has been put on the back burner , and it is now our task to try to keep it on the agenda .
The Community 's cooperation programmes have proved to be sustainable alternatives to a protectionist approach , and I am able fully to support this way of thinking .
Mr President , Commissioner , I want to begin by thanking my esteemed colleague , Mrs Paulsen , for all the sound and skilful work she has done on this report .
I think , however , that we are going too far in a number of areas .
During the last part-session , we debated Mr Olsson 's report on the extent to which the existing BSE decisions had been implemented in the Member States .
That was depressing , and there was not much to rejoice about .
Something needs to be done about this .
I am unable to support the proposed amendments to the regulations governing post-mortem inspection of blood , for which I do not believe there is any scientific justification .
We are in a dreadful situation in which people are being killed every day in these areas : children , young people , the elderly , the innocent .
I think , however , that it is important that , as elected representatives of the people , we take this task upon ourselves and , at this time , express sympathy , as well as the horror and fear that we feel .
Mr President , as a Dane , I naturally hope that this can be done so that the Copenhagen criteria come full circle and we can append the final signatures in Copenhagen by the autumn .
As a democrat and internationalist , I rather doubt , however , whether we shall make as much progress as that .
I think there are still many obstacles .
We heard about developments from the fall of the Berlin Wall until the present time .
All right , but what is to become of these countries if there are no planned economies or militarisation .
What does that mean for the candidate countries and their economies ?
I am dissatisfied , then , with the economic package prepared in connection with enlargement .
I am dissatisfied with the fact that the candidate countries must go through a transitional phase of ten years before they feel they are participating fully in the economic area , when it is also ourselves who are laying down transitional conditions and not allowing the principle of freedom of movement for the labour force to apply to the candidate countries on the same footing as it applies to other countries .
I would therefore call for an extra effort to be made in the last phase to alter all this about its not having to cost anything .
I agree completely with Mrs Schroedter from the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance when she said that we are probably talking about the biggest peace project of our lifetime .
Must it really rest upon its not having to cost anything ?
I should very much like to be