of democracy , with the people’s views being passed on to those given the power to govern .
Referenda on this proposal have been held in two founder Member States , with the people voting against it .
What is the import of the ‘no’ votes in the Netherlands and France ?
In my opinion , too much of this project has been reserved for a fairly small political elite , this being a situation we must change .
As I see it , there are also two routes to go down : one involving a right and the other an obligation .
The right is the right I have as a person to be given information about what is going on , how decisions are made and what is being decided of relevance to me , my everyday life and my future .
Some people call this propaganda but , for me , this is a very important task of ours .
In those cases , the representative office would respond and make sure it introduced a correction or immediately stated what were the facts of the matter .
I do not believe we have been particularly effective in this area .
In addition to the local view , which I believe is very important , I wish , however , to address an aspect I have not heard touched upon in this Chamber today , namely the fact that politics at EU level needs to be integrated not only into national politics but also into local and regional politics .
I looked at different local authorities in Sweden in order to see what in actual fact ties in with the decisions taken by the European Parliament .
That is why we also have regulations that are European in scope .
You in particular have an important role to play in ensuring that people are aware of these matters at all levels .     I wish to thank Commissioner Frattini for this gratifying decision .
That is an obvious requirement of legislation .
We must not transfer even more money to these companies .
A police state is a suspicious and insecure society in which no one wants to live .
Biometric passes are not as effective as you maintain , Mr Clarke .
Have you read the report by the American Court of Auditors ?
The costs are .
How do we protect ourselves when our own fellow citizens , including respected neighbours and popular family men , are suddenly turned into ruthless death machines ?
We talk a lot but , as fellow Members have already pointed out , very little has happened .
Europol and Eurojust must be given many more resources and perhaps be developed into some kind of European FBI that can coordinate and lead preliminary and other investigations and perhaps even go in and make arrests .
For example , cameras in public places are accepted more and more .
Developing these would be a very major encroachment on privacy , with a high risk of the systems being abused in many ways .
The June List therefore chooses to vote against the reports in spite of their being , in terms of their objectives , justified and worth taking seriously .     The report is about protection in work places against exposure to optical radiation .
We have nothing against such protection , but see it as a very important issue .
Web hosting will always exist around the world , outside the EU.
The EU should offer a framework for common standards within this area , to which the Member States can subscribe , rather as happens with the Schengen Agreement .
There are , however , no good reasons for centralising this activity in a new EU authority .
The report is also based on the notion that the pharmaceutical industry does not think it profitable to develop special paediatric medicines .
If there is anything that companies in a market economy are good at , it is identifying niches and manufacturing products for them .
Unfortunately , the news has mostly been about misery , violence , war , oppression and ultra-conservative rulers .
They are entitled , just as we are , to democracy and human rights .
An example of this is today’s presidential election in Egypt .
The decision to allow women in Kuwait to vote next year is also an important step forward .
There are , however , an incredibly large number of problems remaining in the Middle East .
Its oppression of its own people continues unabated , which is completely unacceptable .
Nothing would be better for peace , stability and the fight against terrorism throughout the world than if democracy were to triumph in the Middle East .
Iran is a country with the express political objective of obliterating one of the UN’s Member States , namely Israel .
If the European Union wishes to be a power in the peace process , it must now support the active forces of democracy and peace .
We see the many different signs of democratic development .
The EU must , then , vigorously support those who keep the flame of democracy and freedom alight .
I wish to thank all those fellow Members who have shown great interest in , and commitment to , the report and made valuable contributions to it .
Women’s health is still often seen as synonymous with sexual and reproductive health .
The same types of heart disease still lead to higher mortality among women than among men .
This report focuses in particular on two different areas .
For example , an analysis of the work done at a health centre in Sweden specialising in skin diseases reveals that men and women are treated very differently .
I might also mention that , in the example I cite , the doctors who discriminated between women and men in issuing prescriptions were women