It is essential to invest in knowledge and in reforms that foster technological progress , innovation , education and training to promote prosperity , growth and employment in the medium and long term .
I voted in favour of the motion for a joint resolution on the continuation of the informal European Council of 11 February 2010 .
It will allow the EU to create new jobs in areas such as renewable energy , sustainable transport and energy efficiency .
For this same reason , I consider it vital that the objectives of the EU 2020 strategy be strengthened .
This strategy must generate the creation of jobs .
To achieve this , we must advance the sustainable development of our primary sector and take the lead in the fields of scientific research , knowledge and innovation .
In the final analysis , they have together been its faithful protagonists in recent years .
The new proposals would have created a new macro-economic framework to promote sustainable development , strengthen internal demand and respect the environment , based on improvements in pay , full employment with rights , and economic and social cohesion .
This will only be possible with the complete support of SMEs , which are responsible for the creation of most jobs .
In this context , the objective of European territorial cohesion can be seen to be fundamental .
Anyone who has followed for many years , as I have , the Israeli-Palestinian conflict , can only conclude with sadness that many of the sincere efforts for a lasting peace continue to be insufficient to persuade and motivate those who have opted for violence to abandon it once and for all .
The report of Judge Goldstone notes some obstacles put in place by both sides in this process , namely abuses and serious crimes which must be investigated , judged and punished .
The adoption of this resolution on the conflict in Gaza by Parliament was a positive step as it recognises the violations of international law by Israel .
Even so , I believe that there are differences between what Israel does , as a democratic and sovereign state which shares and promotes the basic values of Western societies , and radical movements such as Hamas which , in the majority of instances , refuses to recognise the existence of the State of Israel .
They call for all European democrats , particularly European institutions and the governments of the Member States , to provide rigorous vigilance and a firm and coordinated reaction to the Minsk authorities , which continue to be loyal to the worst legacies of communism .
The EU cannot agree with the decision of the Belarusian authorities to limit Internet access or with the lack of guarantees of freedom of the press , freedom of peaceful assembly and association and freedom to worship in churches other than the Belarusian Orthodox Church , as well as other rights and political freedoms .
The financial sector has to accept its responsibilities for the economic crisis that still plagues us .
In order to do this , the Commission must assess the impact of a global tax on financial transactions before the next G20 summit .
That is why we abstained .
I voted in favour of the resolution on the Single Euro Payments Area ( SEPA ) which aims to promote the creation of an integrated market for services involving payments in euro , which will involve effective competition and in which there will be no difference between payments in national or foreign euro .
As such , it would seem urgent for national governments to implement SEPA services and to make the rules which regulate this initiative adequate so that there will , in fact , be a simplification of the current position regarding payments services and a reduction in costs for the benefit of consumers .
Thus , the Commission must establish a clear , adequate and legally binding time limit for the migration to SEPA instruments , no later than 31 December 2012 , after which all payments in euro will have to be made in accordance with SEPA norms .
I voted in favour of the resolution on the transparency and current position of the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement (ACTA ) negotiations because I support a transparent process in the conduct of negotiations .
In this way , although it is important to establish an open , free and just market , this can only succeed if counterfeiting is generally rejected and fought against by the main producers .
In addition , the Commission pledged to immediately provide Parliament with complete information throughout the process of negotiating international agreements .
Furthermore , we emphasise the argument for the need to respect 'fundamental rights , such as the right to freedom of expression and the right to privacy , while fully observing the principle of subsidiarity ' , as well as the protection of personal data .
We know that , every year , the European Union and the Member States give millions to cooperation and development programmes , that this assistance is necessary and that , in many cases , it makes all the difference .
Thus , some of the intentions which are supposed to underlie the GSP create a contradiction with its actual results .
Like many of the Member States ( if not all of them ) , the European Union finds itself confronted with a budget which is much less grand than its ambitions and in no way sufficient for all that it would like to do .
The report on the implementation of the European security strategy is an annual document by Parliament that assesses European security and defence policy and presents proposals to improve the efficiency and visibility of this policy .
The EU has to demonstrate before the international community that it has a foreign policy which is