in the Israeli attacks .
It is a question of public access for citizens and journalists to the documents on which discussions and decisions at the IGC are based .
I did not unfortunately receive an answer to this question .
The Council of Baltic Sea States can play an important role here and the European Union 's involvement is of considerable importance too .
The Baltic region is the EU 's nordic dimension .
The Commission is itself a member of the Council of Baltic Sea States .
The Kaliningrad region is surrounded by countries which have applied for membership of the Union .
The foundations for peaceful development must be laid through dialogue and constructive cooperation at all levels .
The battle against organised crime is on the agenda .
The Commission and the Council of Ministers must provide special assistance with this .
The European Union was established to promote peace and freedom and to foster prosperity through economic liberalisation and political cooperation .
The Union is now in a position to complete its historic mission .
Greater Baltic cooperation will facilitate a rapid enlargement of the European Union to include Estonia , Latvia , Lithuania and Poland .
The Baltic region should once again be able to become a flourishing region for trade , investment and tourism .
The European Parliament has shown great interest in Baltic cooperation and issues concerning the Baltic have been debated here on many occasions .
The Baltic region is a region with many opportunities and great potential as regards natural resources , production and trade , with a total population of around 60 million .
This is also the strategy adopted by the Council of Baltic Sea States for the summit , where the most important points which will be discussed are precisely cooperation on the environment , economic cooperation and cooperation at the level of the people , that is to say between one people and another .
A strategy of this kind is in accordance with the new , expanded concept of security which we must all accept .
The countries which are not yet members of the EU should even now be involved in the work taking place in the social dimension , in the development of a common employment strategy and in the EU 's environmental policy work .
Both are equally important for the achievement of harmonious and peaceful development in Europe .
It is also a report which gives us a tool with which to protect both people 's health and our environment .
But perhaps the most important thing is that the report proposes a flexible system which will provide the incentive for the development of more environmentally friendly products and therefore also for steps towards a sustainable society .
There is anxiety that companies will go out of business and that unemployment will increase .
I also believe that it is important to point out that in our country comparative assessments are conducted in respect of about 10-20 % of the products on the market .
This is true above all in respect of antifouling paint for boats , but I am nevertheless in favour of the report .
The proposals it contains to counter social dumping and strengthen regional policy and employment policy in order to counterbalance EMU are of course good ones .
EMU is a high-risk project , as the Walter report makes clear .
Such studies on the effects of EMU on these areas , both in the long and the short term , should be conducted before EMU is implemented .
Will countries still be able , at national level , to pursue certain economic policies , interest and exchange rate policies , regional and labour market policies , and so on ?
Or - as is the idea with EMU - will EMU and the measures which will be taken by the EU and the European Central Bank balance out these disadvantages for the individual states so that the EU can take the necessary decisions on stabilisation , in order to prevent , for example , massive economic change within a sector such as the timber industry ?
Should decisions on EMU be taken at EU level , should they be taken here , by the people 's representatives - which is unlikely to be the case according to the Maastricht Treaty - or is it the European Central Bank which should take the main decisions ?
The European Parliament has already , on 15 February , called for his release .
A person such as Alexandr Nikitin should in such circumstances be regarded as a great champion of peace who should receive the full support of the European Union .
Nobody in this Parliament has any doubts about that .
Nevertheless , we are very concerned about the situation in Kosovo .
What will happen when the bomb goes off ?
Put pressure on Serbia now and convene an international conference on the future of Kosovo as soon as possible .
The victims are drug abusers , though not only them but also their families and all too often children and young people ; it is the latter who probably suffer the most in the vicinity of drugs .
A dialogue has been initiated between the USA and Europe and it is obvious that Europe will have to do more if it is to be equal to the American challenges .
This is unrealistic .
We can provide development aid , set a good example and contribute to development activities to create better infrastructure .
The problems involved are massive and we cannot solve them through resignation ; rather we must counter them with greater efforts and endeavours .
We are all responsible , not least those Members of the Council who do not wish to meet the obligations imposed by the proposed measures but who do not have any alternative proposals either