Secondly , and more specifically , concerning the work of the European Ombudsman , I want to express the special appreciation of the PPE Group for the work that the Ombudsman and his team have done and for the annual report for 1997 .
There are many interesting figures in the annual report , but I will take a moment to reflect on only two of them .
There is a need for the European Parliament to approach them more positively .
Allow me to briefly refer to the conclusions of my report ' Citizenship of the Union ' in connection with the operation of the European Ombudsman .
We have complete faith that the present Ombudsman , Mr Söderman , will do this .
However , I believe that what is happening here is improper , namely that it is not indicated who , which group or which person , is dealing with Belarus or Nigeria and so forth .
It was generally known that Abiola , who had heart problems for a long time , was not receiving the proper treatment and medication in prison .
Now the situation has escalated further with a dramatic turn of events .
On the part of his successor , Abubakar , there have been a few small signs that point in the right direction , but there remains a tremendous amount to be done .
This is the only way to allow democratic elections to take place .
The so-called embassy incident shows at the same time the delusions of grandeur and otherworldliness of President Lukashenko .
He understands the democracy and human rights clauses of the agreement which the European Union has with third countries .
The Union must be prepared to anticipate the UN sanctions .
This applies both to the opposition and to minority groups .
Moreover the regime is afraid that the situation in Indonesia will spread to Burma .
The seriousness of the threat has been shown by the fact that the Portuguese have established an army group to evacuate their citizens from Angola .
It is precisely now - when democratization in Georgia is on the right track , and with the help of our Union the reconstruction of the country has begun to make some progress - that we must make every effort to prevent this process from being derailed .
Madam President , I have asked the Commissioner if the EU mission in Luanda would send out a signal to prevent a new war in that country .
My group has nothing more to add to this , and we support this position completely .
It is , of course , unacceptable to ultimately deny boarding to passengers after they have booked seats on an airline .
Mr President , according to the rapporteur , for every ten thousand travellers who arrive at the airports of the European Union , three to twelve people are not allowed to board an aeroplane .
Denying boarding to passengers therefore does not take place very frequently , at least in terms of percentage .
Must decisions about the size of the letters in the text at the check-in counters take place at European level ?
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the communication from the Commission which is now before us is an important step in strengthening the trust of citizens and businesses in making electronic transactions .
After all , an honest citizen would conscientiously submit a copy of his or her key , but a criminal would , of course , never do this .
I refer to these two points which were approved by an overwhelming majority of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy , because they were rejected by the Committee on Legal Affairs .
Madam President , the Orlando report deals with a joint action of the Council in the framework of the detailed action plan to fight organized crime as adopted in June 1997 by the European Council .
Cooperation in the area of the administration of justice does not proceed very easily at European level ; that is true .
The Court has no jurisdiction here unless the Member States themselves come to an agreement and approve this limitation of their freedom of policy .
I would to thank my colleagues most sincerely for all the cooperation and support I have received while chairing two different committees .
Community legislation is an important tool here .
This means , as the rapporteur proposes , that the relevant information must be published .
I think that it is up to us as Members of the European Parliament to make it clear to any critics in the Member States that it was the Council , not Parliament , which blocked the solution that we proposed .
At first reading , Parliament voted to accept the comitology procedure for adaptations to technical progress , but not for adaptations to the general horizontal foodstuffs directives , and we think we should keep to this line here .
I would urge the other groups to support this line , to read through the amendments again very closely and to ensure that the position we adopt is a unanimous one .
Encouraging public support on both sides of the Atlantic is very important in transatlantic relations , and the 'people to people ' aspect is a significant factor here .
Commissioner , I asked whether the Commission was aware of the existence of widespread monitoring between the Member States in the European Union , and I would ask you specifically what the Commission intends to do to ensure the confidentiality of Europe 's telecommunications and that the Echelon loophole is closed ?
Mr Lange has already outlined what has been achieved .
Just one remark to end with , Mr President : I am less happy with the Commission , but we shall doubtless come back to that when we