remain a matter for the Member States .
The relevance of the Commission 's trade strategy for the beef and veal sector has not been decisively demonstrated .
This compromise should restore the balance that countries which produce male bovines have waited for , without calling into question the core element of the measure taken to enable the necessary adjustments to be made to the COM in beef and veal .
It doubtless needs amending , but with what aim in mind ?
By the same token , voluntary set-aside for environmental reasons or non-food purposes must be reviewed .
Northern Europe , Britain , Germany , ultra-liberal Europe and the Europe of accountants have applied pressure which has led to submission , then despoliation and lastly , illusion .
A fitting expression to sum this up might be : when the going is good we give in , when the going is bad we still give in !
Costs will be reduced through the use of growth activators , cheap inputs and urban sludge , for example by using antibiotics , which results in a drop in quality , safety and environmental protection .
The third and most fundamental reason is the decision to base this reform on the need for capital returns through a reduction in agricultural prices , and not on the needs of producers , consumers or society .
The decisions this House will make on 28 January must remain faithful to these aims .
Is this really your aim ?
And , as you mentioned earlier , as much as possible will be achieved with these people , but there appears no desire to take measures to make the farming profession and that of rural and environmental manager more attractive to young people .
In Agenda 2000 the Commission proposed a reduction in support prices , an increase in direct aid to producers , cofinancing by Member States , and so on , but it remained frustratingly silent about the increase in the production of agricultural products for non-food purposes , which is something I regret deeply .
Today , through the Brok report , the Committee on Institutional Affairs takes over by trying to create new provisions in the Amsterdam Treaty , the 'catalyst for fundamental changes in Community interinstitutional relations ' .
Fraud is the natural outcome of poor European institutional planning .
Unilateral European provisions may even backfire on European companies if competitive third-country companies are not subject to the same rules .
Over the past 30 years the satellite sector has undergone a veritable revolution .
CAP must of course evolve , but let us not too hastily overlook its finer points .
Commissioner , Mr President , as rapporteur for the Committee on Agriculture on the extension of Regulation 2092/91 to organic production , I would remind you that we obtained very wide consensus in Parliament on this text .
All this is very different from our European conception of this sector .
Transitional regimes must be limited in terms of their duration to allow producers to adapt their system of production to European standards that are stricter their own specifications .
The socialists are the leading accomplices of this system : in France , for instance , they only grant FRF 100 per farm per year for conversion to organic farming .
Mr President , the Belgian National Front , a national and European movement , has always believed that introduction of the single European currency , of which we were in favour , would require the harmonisation of social and taxation systems within the Union .
After this first stage , these new technologies should also be placed at the service of the citizen , to encourage cultural and linguistic diversity and to further the development of general-interest networks .
After that comes the question of knowing what to do with them , and to what end .
Given this situation , we stress the need for everyone to have equal access to postal services , under the same fair conditions , regardless of location , and consequently the need to foster the development of cooperation , of understanding , and not war between national and European operators .
Although we should be pleased about the extension of the Schengen area , the common European approach means that the United Kingdom and Ireland need to join their partners as soon as possible so that the same rules can be applied to the movement of persons as to the movement of goods .
The rapporteur also highlights an incident which occurred at the Belgian Sirene office , where personal data was stolen .
There are , of course , initiatives to be taken , but first of all it is enough to apply the clauses of the Treaty and to implement them effectively .
The President of Parliament made an excellent summary of the situation on 16 October at a conference in Avignon , when he said that an evaluation of the initiatives and proposals of the last few years bears too great a resemblance to Dante 's hell , in that it is paved with good intentions .
Mr Nassauer 's resolution recalls the terms of the resolution of 12 December 1996 , for which I was rapporteur , which detailed the demands that we made then to the Council for more genuine and more complete information , for systematic consultation , and for our points of view to actually be taken into account .
Loud applause
Our disappointments and our criticisms remain .
That third manoeuvre appears to have succeeded , as the resolution has just been passed .
Such behaviour , in contempt of the rule of law , is a direct result of the Commission 's sense of superiority towards the nations that make up the Council .
It is because I want strong European institutions for a strong Europe that I voted for this censure