wounds that doubtless still exist on all sides will close and hopefully will one day heal completely .
In its 2002 progress report , the Commission says that 'corruption generally appears to remain a relatively limited problem in Estonia ' .
I say to those who believe they must vote against : history will pass you by and show how false both your pretended and your actual motives are .
I am thinking of the fact that more still needs to be done to make the judicial system work better ; I would also like to see the programme for integrating the Russian-speaking population pursued with greater enthusiasm and the obstacles to citizenship lowered .
We should not forget that , and I would like to say that in particular to those of my fellow Members who are thinking of not voting for the Czech Republic 's accession .
The forthcoming election on 12 April will decide whether there will be a parliamentary majority in favour of it .
I am not taking it for granted that we will be able to solve all our problems with our neighbours as soon as they have joined , but we shall certainly be able to resolve them better and more easily when they have done so .
Mr President , I am cautious about drawing historical comparisons , but it is appropriate to do so today .
But for all the rationality of this case , let me emphasise that I , like so many others from my country , am speaking as a typical Austrian , with a mother who was born in Prague and a father from Vienna , and so the Czechs should recognise that this criticism comes from a friend rather than seeing every critic as an enemy .
At that time , the three Baltic States were still part of the Soviet Union , and Germany had yet to be reunited .
I was born in Austria , only a few miles from Bratislava , the capital of modern Slovakia .
Mr President , I want to propose that we should adopt item 6 in the following form : ' ? recognises that peace and security have been crucial factors in the decision of the candidate countries to join the European Union and that special responsibilities consequently lie with the Union to strengthen transatlantic ties on the basis of European strength and equal rights . '
Let the Czechs try it too ; it is a liberating thing to do .
It was the European Parliament that , alone , in the course of negotiations on accession , brought to European public attention Czech law 's failure to deal with the past , and , over a period of years , demanded that this be sorted out .
.
That is why the EU can work only if the Convention and the governments decide on a real constitution , one that is democratic and transparent .
.
I have therefore declared my approval of the accession of the Czech Republic as well in the conviction that , if the Czech Republic becomes a Member State of the European Union , we will be able to represent better and more effectively the interests of the German expellees and of the German minority in the Czech Republic , to whom I feel a sense of obligation .
In view of how certain members of the CSU have just voted against it , that is , alas , again no doubt attributable to elections in Bavaria , where they want to have air sovereignty over certain beer gardens where expellees gather .
There is no place for it - none whatsoever - in a new Europe that takes seriously its affirmation of common values .
.
.
I am of the opinion that the country has not yet fulfilled all the conditions required for it to be able to accede to the EU.
A decision in favour of accepting the Czech Republic as a Member State would also create a precedent that could be prayed in aid by potential future applicants .
.
( DE ) I voted to approve the Accession Treaties only under protest and out of solidarity with my future colleagues .
Poland is on the wrong track ; its government certainly is , and in that they are not alone .
Mr President , Commissioner , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , it has always been a dream of mine to speak following a de Gaulle , but not one who makes speeches like that one .
Pre-emptive wars lacking any legitimacy must become a thing of the past !
On that I congratulate Mr Morillon .
What the public expects of the European Union is peace , security and stability .
Take Kosovo , for example .
Indeed , I wish for his sake that even our fellow Member Mr Korakas would actually read it , for then he would arrive at a different view .
I see that as unacceptable .
I think the Convention is the final opportunity , in the broad community of fifteen - soon to be twenty-five or thirty - Member States , to achieve a common foreign and security policy .
Not this one , of course , but the next round planned for 2007 .
They include our fellow Members in this House - in the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Policy , but also in the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market , with its rapporteur , Mr Bartolozzi - and everyone who helped us , here in Parliament and in the Commission , to pull in one direction .
After all , the question of what happens to the numerous embryos is still unresolved in the context of the Sixth Research Framework Programme , and requires further debate .
This also applies to the use of human tissue and cells