peace , not just those of the late lamented Prime Minister Rabin , but also those of Prime Minister Begin , with the Camp David agreements , show that peace tends to be forged precisely between people who do not agree with each other .
I say that is a mistake because the directive on the electricity market published in January 1997 - on which , as I said in the debate yesterday , this Parliament did a great deal of work , mostly thanks to Mr Desama - contains two references to renewable energy , in a recital and an article .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , this is the time to send two clear messages .
Why does he not want to see him ?
We think they are good proposals , which will serve to eliminate harmful unfair competition between Member States in fiscal matters , and to make suitable proposals , for example in the field of dual taxation or taxes on cross-border payments .
Would the Council be prepared to take this first step , before such time as we obtain the computerized system which would really be the best solution ?
We have also rejected the use of monetary policies as a national instrument to create employment in the oldest sense of the Phillips curve .
I cannot see any difference between aid granted by means of tax reductions and aid granted from items of public expenditure .
These distortions exist ; they translate today into the relocation of savings and investments - with harmful repercussions on the competitiveness of businesses - and they also mean that there is an increase in the tax burden on workers who cannot relocate .
It can be concluded that the relevant authorities of the Member States acted responsibly in order to rectify the situation as soon as the problems were identified .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , allow me to make an initial comment .
This is indeed one of the Commission 's main concerns , and has been since the beginning of its term of office three and a half years ago .
However , in this instance , it seems that there was a lack of communication between the operators who detected the contamination and the competent authorities .
I will say finally to Mr Fitzsimons that I listened with great interest to his speech , as well as those of Mr Seppänen and others .
Yes , certainly .
For the morning , there is proof that I attended all of the roll-call votes and , for the evening , I had the privilege of chairing part of the sitting .
On the one hand , almost all of the important decisions have been postponed until after the elections in Germany and , on the other hand , doubts and risks have appeared for the future of solidarity in the European Union .
As regards institutional reform , we must learn from the failure of Amsterdam .
There were no reasons for this .
The first is the need to bring into line the time limit for the presentation of these plans and the budgetary forecasts that the countries make each year ; and the second is the need to have officially approved , reliable socio-economic indicators available which allow for a comprehensive follow-up to their evaluation and results .
I am not asking for the paragraphs in question to be withdrawn if it is not possible , nor for anyone to be blamed , but we cannot support them .
Doing away with the Cohesion Fund from the year 2000 for those countries which form part of the euro group would only serve to harm , cancel or invalidate all the efforts and progress which have been made over the years , for the sake of a convergence which is not only nominal but real , thus endangering the Stability and Growth Pact .
The Council 's passiveness and lack of action in this matter are a scandalous reflection of the lack of a common foreign policy , as is the fact too that these two countries are neighbours , not only in terms of geography , but also in terms of ideology , history and , more recently , belligerence .
Even if only one innocent person had been executed , this universal moratorium and the abolition of the death penalty would still be worth fighting for .
Therefore , we must also use all our authority to request that the death sentences be commuted and that in this connection a fair retrial be staged .
This process which has taken place in Equatorial Guinea has not had minimum guarantees , and the proof of this is that certain Western journalists have been expelled from the country because possibly the information they were providing did not satisfy those in power .
We are now witnessing a Kafkaesque situation where 16 people have been condemned to death ; fortunately , the sentences have not been carried out , but the accused are left like hostages of that very regime .
In this respect , the democratic opposition in Equatorial Guinea is placing all its trust in the European Union .
This has been the result of a process which has been completed without any form of guarantees and which has taken place in a context in which the Guinean people live with only limited democratic rights , particularly the Bubi people who live on the island of Bioko .
Why did President Santer allow Obiang to visit him last autumn ?
Are those governments prepared to act in accordance with their historic responsibilities in favour of democracy in Guinea ?
There is not even a global agreement on the universal competence of the future Court , and in this respect China 's retreat once again into its entrenched arguments of cultural exception is of some concern .
