, on this occasion , it has put forward a proposal which differs radically from the famous proposal it unfortunately put forward in 1994 .
It is crucial for this aid to be set at a level which guarantees the competitiveness of by-products of wine for potable uses .
And , in terms of geographical appellation , surface area of the vineyard , wine producing and wine making , trade and job creation , they mean far more than other products that are defined separately in the basic regulation of the original COM.
This is something else that the reform must resolve .
This has resulted in a downward trend in the number of applications for asylum in the European Union and stagnation in the rates of acknowledgement of refugee status in many countries , despite the fact that the human rights situation in the world has not considerably improved .
Of course , when such solutions have not been forthcoming , she has sought to point out discrepancies in a way that I consider to be very constructive .
We obviously cannot try to change the Geneva Convention and say that it protects homosexuals .
The report by Mr Bourlanges proposes undeniable improvements and I must say that , in my view , he also proposes the correct path to be followed in favouring a Community method that renders the traditional , and until now prevalent , intergovernmental method obsolete .
Our task is to devise and build an institutional system that must be based on three key principles , in my opinion .
I believe that we can ask ourselves a series of basic questions here .
The report seems to respond positively to these questions .
In this respect , I also agree with the remark by Mr De Giovanni concerning the need to find a balance between the role of the European Council and that of the Commission .
We must ensure that that situation is not repeated .
This means that both from the point of view of the workings of its various formations and in terms of the participation of the governments , we need to ensure that we can guarantee that its positions in the various bodies are consistent .
As regards decision-making in the Council , I am of course totally in favour of the extension of qualified majority voting .
As you know , these issues were not resolved at the last Intergovernmental Conference , but we need to find solutions to them in order to comply with both the Protocol on the institutions in the Treaty of Amsterdam and the express wishes of the Member States .
The Treaty of Amsterdam requires additional efforts in this area on the part of the Union and its institutions .
I will thus end with three words : democracy , effectiveness and transparency .
As you all know , and as Mr Hager just pointed out , during the informal meeting of the Heads of State and Government in Pörtschach , a decision was made to hold a special Council meeting dedicated solely to issues relating to justice and home affairs in October of this year in Tampere in Finland .
This cooperation is something that Parliament has been building on and that will continue to develop .
We need to create an area of liberty like that so skilfully described by Mr Manzella .
In addition to its legal shortcomings , it also tries to force an interpretation of the Geneva Convention on us which is totally contrary to international law .
Up to now , Mr President-in-Office , none of the proposals that the Presidency has put forward in the Community institutions , be they in official documents or in 'non-papers' , appear to look for a compromise to ensure that this burden is fairly distributed between all those involved .
We were in the same situation with the Austrian Presidency , and we have very little time left now to conclude important agreements .
You must put forward a proposal that Parliament is satisfied with , and , as Mr Mulder pointed out , it will require 314 votes to be approved .
The atmosphere surrounding the negotiations does not seem to be particularly optimistic .
There is clearly a certain ambiguity as regards the British , French , Dutch and Danish overseas countries and territories , as some of these regions still seem to be evolving .
The geographical distribution there rather affects the situation and the status of each of the regions .
Mr President , I would like to thank Commissioner Brittan for being here at such a late stage in the evening as it shows his interest in this issue .
Thirdly , what we are concerned about - particularly the members of Parliament 's Committee on Legal Affairs - is whether or not the Commission really has sufficient resources to face up to the huge team of legal experts the United States has assembled in Geneva .
We must hope that , after the elections , we will see the arrival of a new government whose behaviour and positive attitude towards coexistence , the United Nations resolutions , the Oslo Agreements and the Wye Plantation Agreements show that guarantees do exist .
Guinea-Bissau is one of the poorest countries in the world .
The conflict is even becoming international , with the clear involvement of troops from Senegal - moving from the conflict in the southern region of Casamance - as well as troops from the Republic of Guinea .
To be specific , and although this is not mentioned in the motion for a resolution , I can tell you that as far as banana production is concerned , there has been so much damage that neither in 1999 nor in 2000 will we come close to the minimum guaranteed production of 420 000 tonnes per year .
