We consider as a committee that petitions are a valuable and empowering tool for democracy in what can often feel like a remote and anonymous institution .
We need to value this mechanism and use the experience of the people we represent , as expressed through their petitions to improve our work as a whole .
I commend the report to the House .
Mr President , I would like to add my congratulations and thanks to the Ombudsman for the report which he has presented this year and also to Mrs Thors and Mrs Lambert for their reports to the Parliament .
All these reports , particularly that of the Ombudsman , show the very reliable , dependable work that has been done over the year .
The European citizens undoubtedly need somebody to whom they can turn if they have problems with the administration and in Mr Söderman I know that we have an Ombudsman upon whom we can depend .
I saw that at first hand when I attended the seminar in Paris .
It was very good to see the respect in which the European Ombudsman is held by his colleagues , the national ombudsmen .
On this side of the House we certainly believe the Ombudsman should have all the powers that he needs to discharge his responsibilities .
On access to documents , we happen to think that the views of the Constitutional Affairs Committee are important , but that should not be taken to mean that we have any doubts at all about the principle that the Ombudsman must have access to documents .
In that he has our full support .
It is surprising that last year the Petitions Committee was at some risk and the report by Mrs Lambert shows the very good work that has been down by the Petitions Committee .
With our chairman Mr Gemelli we are now looking at ways of making the Petitions Committee more effective and more efficient in the work it does on behalf of citizens .
One of the important things that we will be bringing forward to the Parliament is a Code of Good Administrative Behaviour .
It is important that citizens and the officials of the institutions know what is reasonable behaviour so that all have a standard to which they can refer .
I would also like to thank the Commission for the support we have received in the Petitions Committee .
That has been very good and very effective through the year .
I hope under the French Presidency we will get the same support from the Council but that unfortunately has been lacking in the past .
Mr President , we meet at a time when congestion in our skies has never been greater .
According to the statistics , the incidence of a 15-minute delay has risen from 12.7 % in 1991 to 30.3 % in 1999 and is still rising .
We are worried not only about the effects that congestion has in terms of inconvenience and the implications for the economic stability of our Union , but we are also concerned first and foremost about threats to safety that may result from it .
It is a fact that there is a shortage of air traffic controllers .
It is a fact that there has been a lack of investment in air traffic control systems .
The demand for air transport is rising almost daily because of cheap fares , the desire of people to travel abroad on holiday and on business or even to be able to take a few days ' break at the drop of a hat has added to this pressure .
Whilst this pressure has been growing , we owe it to those working in the system to congratulate them and thank them for what they have done .
Unfortunately - and this is not entirely their fault - they are not coping with the pressures as well as we would wish : we have all had experience of that only recently , as a result of the delays caused by the strike in France .
All this , then , has a detrimental effect upon the mobility of our citizens , and in terms of the economic and financial and social costs for our businesses and a wide variety of other people affected on a day-to-day basis by what is going on .
I would like to congratulate Commissioner Palacio for having the initiative to bring this to our committee in the terms that she did , and with the force and verve that she has shown , initially , in setting up the high level group , and also in the leadership that she has given to addressing this problem .
What has been produced by the Commission is a major contribution to dealing with the saturation of airspace .
The Council of Transport Ministers needs to take a political decision to address this .
We cannot put it off any longer .
It needs attention now .
We need a single sky over a single market but at the same time we have to recognise that individual nation states have views about how these matters should be addressed , particularly insofar as they affect the livelihoods of the workforce and also the use of national airspace for military purposes .
Military airspace and its abuse in some countries is something that we also have to address not just in terms of the space that is taken up by military aircraft , but also on occasions the abuse of the civil air corridors by military aircraft not abiding by civil air procedures .
This too is an area which need to be addressed .
In this report I have proposed - and the committee has broadly accepted - a suggestion that Eurocontrol should be a regulatory body with more powers , more effective sanctions and