Moreover , his monopolistic hold on the media constitutes a danger for Italian democracy , Madam President .
Europe is often vociferous about the possible influence that it might have in the Middle East .
Having said that , it is crystal clear to my group that overwhelming responsibility for the present escalation lies with the Sharon government in Israel .
Having said that , I do not wish to suggest that Palestinians are acting correctly .
For example , during his meeting with the Israeli prime minister , Mr Sharon , the Dutch minister encountered clear criticism of the Middle East policy of the EU.
Are the Council and Commission , as donors of the Palestinian Authority , as aware of this lacuna and how do they propose to fill it in concrete terms ?
To begin with both sides must immediately refrain from any unilateral act that may cause the conflict to escalate further .
Firstly , our Socialist group is concerned about , and opposed to , the unilateral plans of President Bush to invest trillions in the high-tech weapons industry via a missile defence system , hence both jeopardising the ABM Treaty and possibly provoking a new arms race .
We need a new , wide-ranging attitude to security and we hope that at the forthcoming meeting in Gothenburg , the Commission and the Council will make that attitude a central item on the agenda , in the open , frank , free and confident dialogue with President Bush .
At yesterday ' s Kangaroo Group lunch , Mr Zoellic said that in his view and that of his government not every problem in the private sector needs to be solved by the government .
We are starting completely from scratch .
In the single European market they are prepared to withdraw products that damage their good reputation .
( NL ) On behalf of the Netherlands delegation I wish to report that we have voted in favour of abolition of Friday sittings , on the assumption that a thorough reform of our parliamentary work is necessary , to allow more time for legislative work .
In view of the continuing serious accusations about the Turkish prison system , this thorny national problem therefore demands European attention .
There they experience many difficulties .
According to the spokesman of the Armenian patriarch in the last few years 40 plots of land belonging to the Christian Armenian church have been confiscated by the Turkish state .
Anyone protesting is imprisoned and as a non-Muslim treated badly in the prisons .
But we cannot of course say that it is in fact already a candidate , for the simple reason that the Copenhagen criteria are just not being met in Macedonia .
We can also ensure from outside that destabilising effects which were in fact at issue in those negotiations , are removed .
I consequently hope that the time remaining will be used to approve this proposal with as large as possible a majority and to see what amendments might contribute to its further improvement .
We must discuss this matter again as soon as possible and then adopt a motion .
I think that if such a measure were ever to be passed , we should all have to be certain that it does not conflict with previously agreed European rules .
That is , I believe , unacceptable .
Secondly , she also rejects increasing the programme , even though the Commission proposes to diminish the amount for other social actions in the next year by 17.5 % .
The report of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs indicates current thinking in the European Parliament and also in the European People ' s Party on the convergence of pension systems .
That debate is also about solidarity and also the equality of men and women .
Thirdly , the second pillar of pensions must never replace the first because it is the first that gives the fundamental guarantee that everyone has access to an adequate pension .
I really think that the policy we are pursuing with regard to the developing countries is and continues to be hypocritical .
We shall shortly be receiving the three-year plan on administrative preparation .
It is therefore a financially sound policy to pay off real estate costs faster , creating scope for future budgets .
So we shall now again , and more resolutely , take responsibility and consequently , Parliament should make a clear political promise to participate in EMAS , the Community eco-management and audit system .
Should problems arise in future with the Bureau or the Administration , they should lead to changes at that level and not to the assumption of management responsibilities by a House of 626 political representatives .
I have to tell you that these three people did not make their way into the Chamber calmly , but sneaked in quickly , and they had not unfurled the banners at that stage .
The situation in which the groups are keeping the parties afloat .
If we do not , we will have American-styled practices on our hands , and I would not simply refer to President Bush , but also to the practice of candidates actually only accruing funds instead of pursuing politics .
That is of key importance .
Those who are elected , should be checked out by their political parties .
That is why we support the proposal which the Commission presented right from the outset , to take five countries as the norm , so as not to deter any forces - at least if they are democratic .
There should also be sufficient funding for all recognised parties to be able to function as a party .
However , those in favour of a European multicultural state have discovered that there is no European public opinion .
( NL ) It is important for a democratic