The Belgian Foreign Minister , Mr Michel , has since got involved .
Approval at first reading by Parliament followed on 14 March 1989 .
The directive was to spend the next eleven years on a shelf at the Council of Ministers .
This competent authority must then involve all branch offices and sub-offices in the European Union in the winding-up process , irrespective of where in the European Union these are based .
Mr President , my group is very much aware of the importance of the EU-Mexico free trade partnership agreement to both partners and backs the rapporteur 's initiative on most points .
It is now up to President Fox to make what he promised the European Parliament delegation during his campaign come true .
At the end of the day , we in Strasbourg and Brussels do not wish to have the reputation worldwide of being cool and collected customers .
Commissioner , it is now almost a year since it was agreed during the European Council in Lisbon that the European Union wants to become the most competitive knowledge-based economy in the world and this Parliament rallied around that goal with a large majority .
Let us do away with techno-nationalism .
It is vital to extend a high-speed trans-European research network with a capacity of ten gigabits to a hundred gigabits in the future , in order to achieve a European Research Area and enable it to perform optimally .
The Industry Committee expresses the strongest possible reservations concerning this cooperation between Member States , particularly if it involves spending European research funds .
It appears that even more funding is going to small and medium-sized enterprises from the Fifth Framework Programme .
Amendment No 4 Van Lancker ( PSE) .
In view of the sensitivity of the subject , assistance with illegal immigration , a subject that always triggers intense emotions , I wish to explain my motives .
Humanitarian aid from churches and organisations jumps into the breach created by the inability of Member States and the international community to find a satisfactory solution .
Accordingly , I support the proposals of the French Government .
The tough outer borders of ' Fortress Europe ' are driving more and more people into the hands of unscrupulous human smugglers , who are greedy for fat profits and abandon people to their lot before the port or border river is reached .
Cotton is a useful product , but its cultivation involves the use of large amounts of toxins .
Mr President , the international community , and certainly the European Union , is involved in a complicated balancing act .
We must isolate the extremist Kosovars and impress upon the moderate Kosovars , using force or persuasion as necessary , that they must cooperate with the Serbs , and that they cannot go on fighting them and pressing their demands .
I am amazed at the warmth with which the international community is treating President Kostuníca at this moment .
If one comes into contact with Albanian Kosovars , that is the first thing they ask about .
The young Kabila has awakened high expectations .
If the window of opportunity is not quickly used to force a real breakthrough in the peace process , violence will soon flare up again and the first African world war will further escalate .
I urge the Council and also the Commission to take a more assertive stance , because only if Europe speaks with one voice can it make a meaningful contribution to ending a war which has already cost too many lives .
But they will only do so if Kabila and his friends are prepared to share power in the country .
A country containing some 300 tribes , some of which live in total isolation , as the communications network is virtually non-existent .
In this way Europe would prove that it wants to respond to the priorities that the new President set out in his inaugural address .
Organisations are banned , people are locked up and death sentences are liberally used .
Their safety is feared for because of the torture and poor treatment in the prisons .
Mr President , one of the greatest humanitarian dramas at present being played out on the world stage is the refugee problem in Guinea .
For this reason we request that the Council and Commission should take action along these lines .
The international organisation for migration has in fact already begun moving a first group of 35 000 refugees .
Mr President , in Africa small elites often deem the struggle for power and wealth more important than the suffering of the population .
The purchase of weapons is more important than feeding people .
But you wo n' t succeed .
Such a destructive cry of despair demands a serious political answer .
Anyone comparing the macroeconomic indicators of the EU Member States , cannot escape the conclusion that Ireland is at present out in front .
I now notice that the Commission is voicing cautious warnings about this , addressed particularly to France and Italy .
I expect you , at the forthcoming spring summit in Stockholm , to set out the rules and specifically warn the Member States Italy , Germany , Spain , Belgium and France .
Are things going so badly with the Irish economy then ?
What we wonder is whether the Council of Ministers will administer a public reprimand here too .
I did not suggest starting earlier on a Monday .
I assume that he is alluding to the opportunity to acquire items like cars and drink tax-free .
They are not good news for staff who persistently under-perform .
Is it permissible for a crisis to be used , or abused , for one ' s own political ends , for the greening of agriculture policy or on the contrary for its liberalisation ?
That