It will be an important contribution to preventing and reducing ozone ' s harmful effects on the environment and public health .
First and foremost , it is important that we stick to the WHO 's health targets in this area and that those exceedances of these targets that are to be accepted for a number of years are limited as far as possible , in this case to 20 days per year .
Secondly , I would draw your attention to the long-term targets for the concentration of ozone in the air .
We now have a deadline for when the long-term targets are to be achieved , namely before 2020 , except in cases where it is physically impossible to achieve the targets .
It will be an important task for both the Commission and Parliament to ensure that the compromise made here concerning what is physically impossible does not in reality become a pretext for doing nothing and to ensure that there is not too much elasticity in the compromise .
The report requires that information be provided and that action plans be devised so that rapid intervention is possible if the concentration of ozone is too high .
The first is the relationship with the applicant countries .
Ozone pollution is , of course , clearly transboundary in character , a fact which justifies our including as many neighbouring countries as we possibly can from the beginning .
I believe that , with the adoption of this report , we shall be taking a considerable step forward and acquiring a sound basis for the further negotiations with the Commission and the Council in the Conciliation Committee .
- ( DA ) We have some reservations regarding the legal bases of both reports .
Mr President , first of all , I want to thank the rapporteur .
He has prepared a splendid report , and I am , of course , also glad that he has accepted my action plan in its entirety .
I am , in general , very much in favour of the Commission ' s plans to provide its delegations with more resources , more employees and more powers but , all too often , we have seen examples of 'champagne delegations ' which have spent more time in diplomatic clubs than on their real work .
Many problems with aid projects are due to the fact that the projects are administered centrally from Brussels .
The new system is still not in place , but 24 delegations have , for the time being , been given direct financial responsibility .
The idea of giving the delegations more duties and more responsibility does in fact operate in practice , but we have recently seen examples of fraud and irregularities in the delegations in the applicant countries .
The Commission must issue Parliament with supervisory reports on the delegations , but I am not asking to see the reports themselves because I appreciate that they contain sensitive personal information .
The Commission has already promised me these in connection with the 1999 discharge , and I now hope that the Commission will go on to deliver the goods .
Mr President , when you consider what happened under the former Commission , it might be said that there is not much to lose with this proposed decentralisation , and it is in any case crucial that something be done .
If , however , decentralisation is not accompanied by the necessary powers , it might well turn out to be a two-edged sword .
The delegations must have the right powers but so too , of course , must the headquarters itself , in the form of both knowledge and a talent for coordination .
I am not actually too bothered about diplomatic schools and other such facilities , whatever they are called .
We most certainly have no guarantee , of course , that the delegations have any special knowledge of women ' s issues and any special knowledge at all of women ' s issues in relation to the developing countries .
Nor is there any guarantee whatsoever that the delegations have any special knowledge of information technology .
I would therefore hope that , in connection with the proposal to be produced by the Commission , the latter will be able to illustrate - for instance , with the help of the two examples I have quoted : women and ICT - how it is imagined that the development will take place .
Madam President , the august Danish publication , 'Ugebrevet Mandag Morgen' has a leader with the headline , ' Thank you , Ireland ! '
The EU countries have jointly and unanimously decided upon the ground rules which clearly state that a treaty only comes into force once it has been ratified by all the Member States .
Following the Irish 'no ' vote , Ireland cannot and should not ratify the Treaty of Nice . '
How can the foreign ministers simply let the ratifications continue ?
It is a constitutional violation to ignore a binding referendum , and it is contrary to Article 6 of the Treaty on European Union concerning the principle of the rule of law .
It was not , of course , a specifically Irish 'no ' .
Nice is not , at heart , about enlargement but about shifting power from electors and elected representatives to officials and ministers .
Nor has the European Parliament been fulsome in its praise for Nice .
Next time , the negotiations must be bottom-up instead of top-down .
Five countries may be admitted under the Treaty of Amsterdam , and the next group of countries on the basis of the places and number of votes stated in the Summit declaration .
The Treaty of Nice is only relevant to the 27th applicant country , and we are deprived of the right to a Commissioner