Member States that they might make a recommendation to poultry farmers .
Are you prepared , in the event of a pandemic , to suspend the relevant patent rights and data exclusivity ?     . – Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , earlier this year , my group had its own doubts about the new government , but we were very much in favour of giving it the opportunity to address a large number of serious problems .
Something must be done about this , and I would urge the Romanian authorities to really give this priority .
Romania is Europe’s largest area for genetically modified organisms .
That too , is part and parcel of the rules .     . – Madam President , for more than 30 years , first the European Communities and then the European Union have been involved in enlarging the number of Member States and have swallowed up other cooperatives .
Although my group does not condone the economic and military choices in that Constitution , or the democratic deficit that the text reinforces , our criticism is not levelled at the new Member States , with a lower standard of living , that seek to join the EU.
Are the equal rights of the substantial Roma population guaranteed ?
What about the orphans and food safety ?
What , Commissioner , is the latest news on the tax benefits that the Romanian state promised the buyer of the steel magnet Ispat Sidex ?
The new government should , in any event , be measured against its moral claims .
As was the case when the 10 new Member States joined last year , we want the accession of Bulgaria and Romania to be a success for the people of both countries , of course , without them presenting an unacceptable burden to the present European Union .
We can , however , see a reason for moderate optimism that both countries will be able to meet the set requirements at the next assessment , the one that really counts , in April of next year .
In that way , this spring , we will be able to take the decision whether both countries are really ready to take on all responsibilities of EU membership in a well-considered fashion and according to agreements made .     – Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , although last year , Romania and Bulgaria once again took the necessary and important steps , there is a great deal left to be done by both countries in the short time that remains , namely until 1 January 2007 .
How does the Commission intend to press home the urgency of this problem ?
Since June’s elections , Bulgaria has had Ataka , a neo-Nazi party , in its Parliament .
Popescu’s statements have now been corroborated by the Commission , whose report states , in black and white , that corruption in both countries – not , therefore , only in Bulgaria – has taken on such dimensions that it is putting at risk the future of the EU’s internal market and the programmes funded by the EU.
First of all , there is the continuing corruption .
Both in his speech and in his documents , the Commissioner has spoken in no uncertain terms .
That is exactly what we have done , and we have come to the conclusion that it is our firm belief that the human body and all of its parts are not patentable , since their functioning is not a human invention , but rather a discovery , and , as such , not patentable .
It is evident to me from what I hear said in this Chamber today , and from what the Council and the Member States , among others , have been saying for years , that we all agree that Europe has become an immigration country .
There is also the Canadian model , for example , to draw on , so we can develop our own .
I think it is the Council that has breached the gentlemen 's agreement .
The original cofinancing plan of not more than 10 % was intended for that purpose alone .
I have on previous occasions in this House drawn attention to these deficiencies : I did so on 7 April 2003 and 13 May 2003 , and in questions to the Commission in 2003 and 2004 .
It looks as if the European Parliament is , more and more , making a speciality of voting on texts of that kind .
We should respect the will of our citizens and offer Turkey a privileged partnership instead of opening accession negotiations with a country that cannot , unfortunately , be called European in any sense whatever .
That is why I am very surprised that the joint draft resolution makes no reference whatever to these recent events .
I should like to take this opportunity to emphasise that the gagging and marginalising of the democratic opposition in Azerbaijan can , in time , have serious political consequences , not only at national level , but just as much at regional level .
European aloofness and a word of caution are really called for here , for the benefit of Azerbaijan’s society .     Mr President , in the amendments before us there is no change in the amounts .
Having no objective other than to stay in power , these people turn state enterprises into their own private property , manipulate the electoral results , give oppositions as little room as possible , hamper free organisations , restrict the press and , if need be , use violence against their own people .
China sees that country as a virtually blank canvas that has to be colonised and made accessible , after which it can be further developed in the modern Chinese manner .
