Such long-term exemptions now form part of the Council’s position .
It will bring about speedier improvement in the industry .
With the proposals put forward in my report by Parliament’s Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Food Safety , we have an opportunity to prevent serious accidents , similar to those in Spain and Romania , from happening in the future .
Let us take advantage of these opportunities .
The EU is removing Europeans ’ national self-determination in area after area .
This may be seen from opinion polls , but rarely in democratic elections .
I have a political mandate from my electors to resist this concentration of power in the EU , but not in areas .
The individual countries cannot manage this task successfully .
We have taken a positive view of this proposal concerning PROGRESS and the amalgamation of the previous four programmes .
It is a fact that unemployment is too high at present .
Social protection systems and social integration do not operate in ways that are entirely satisfactory .
I wish to comment on a number of aspects also addressed by the rapporteur .
Secondly , gender equality should not just be applied specifically in one area .
It is therefore important for the accessibility aspects , broadly understood , to be integrated into , and taken account of in , all parts of the programme so that disabled people can participate in the labour market .
They will be a major resource in the work being done firmly to establish these programmes at national and regional levels .
That is why the proposal by the committee responsible , put forward here in Parliament and recommending more resources , is to be preferred .
What is more , today’s high agricultural subsidies mean that EU products are dumped on the world market , a state of affairs that has serious consequences for developing countries .
As a consequence , I welcome the continued reforms whereby half the total aid to the tobacco sector ( EUR 484 million ) will , as from 2010 , be set aside for restructuring programmes in the tobacco-producing regions , and this within the framework of rural development .     .
How long is this absurd situation to be allowed to continue ?     .
Today , the European Parliament has voted on changing the regulation on the common organisation of the market for raw tobacco .
We are highly critical of the EU’s common fisheries policy .
Individual Member States should decide on the funding .
The obvious solution is for the whole cost to be imposed upon the fisheries industry .     We have chosen to support this report because the handling of waste from the mining industry is partly a cross-border environmental issue .
Structural Fund resources should only be deployed in the case of poor Member States with unusually large needs in terms of drawing up inventories .
No decisions have been taken about the programme’s financial framework because the EU’s long-term budget has been rejected by the European Council .
We believe that the quota system should be abolished in the longer term and that the EU should open up trade with the rest of the world .     We Moderates voted today against the above-noted report .
In northern Europe , the textile trade was deregulated as early as the Seventies and Eighties , with big advantages for quite a few countries in southern Europe .
The textile industry has had every opportunity to prepare itself .
Increased protectionism cannot in the long term protect European industry and jobs from ever tougher international competition .
Nor are we able to support the proposal for an ‘ethical tax ’ on international companies because we are opposed to the EU being given the right of taxation .     We voted in favour of the report on the application of Articles 4 and 5 of the ‘TV without Frontiers ’ directive .
It is on principle , however , that we are opposed to rules determining how large a portion of broadcasting time should be given over to European productions .     We believe that broadcasting quotas for European productions and programmes by independent producers would be a very dubious development .
Mr President , I became a member of the Temporary Committee on Policy Challenges and Budgetary Means where I argued in favour of our keeping to 1 % of GDP.
I do not therefore agree that I am expressing my displeasure at money not being spent .
Otherwise , we shall often end up in situations in which we have to acknowledge that we cannot do what is necessary .
We cannot foresee the future .
At the same time , I am , on behalf of the Committee on Development , disappointed at the result .
What do we do if another disaster occurs somewhere in the world ?
We shall support this proposal but go on working to bring about a situation in which efforts in connection with major disasters like this must in the first place be funded from new resources and through the flexibility instrument .
It should not spread political propaganda .
On 20 July , the Commission adopted a package of measures designed to improve communication and with the help of which we wish to show in a clear and pragmatic way how we can improve the dialogue with people throughout the EU.
It is about more actively soliciting people’s views and , right from the beginning , taking account of these when new policy and legislation are drawn up .
Moreover , the purpose is not , of course , to the role of the national governments but to their opportunities to achieve goals of common interest .     It all sounds very splendid when Commissioner Wallström says that listening is imperative and when she emphasises the voluntary nature