As one possible candidate for President of Chechnya said to me , money creates peace .
In connection with this , the European Union should likewise strengthen its measures in the region .
Our delegation is calling on the aid organisations to get to the region quickly , safely and unimpeded .
In a few months ' time they will be planning elections and the start of election campaigns there .
It will be very important to check that the campaign is made transparent and that the requirements of democracy are being fulfilled .
If the campaigns are not democratic the elections can hardly be either .
I have not named the guilty parties in my speech because now is the time to seek peace .
We thus support the Russian Government 's attempts to stabilise conditions in the region on the basis of the recently conducted referendum .
It is extremely difficult to bring peace to Chechnya when certain powerful groups are trying to bring about its secession from Russia .
On the other hand , Russia is holding on tightly to its regional unity , which is something the international community has also given its clear support to .
Unless armed resistance starts to subside , the Russians will have to ask themselves whether it is worth paying such a high price for military control of war-ravaged Chechnya .
That way Chechnya would still indisputably belong to the Russian Federation , but international peacekeeping forces and local police forces would be responsible for security .
Outsiders cannot advise or guide them .
Mr President , Commissioner Lamy , the WTO round of talks at Doha were being called the Development Round already at that summit : its end result would be that the developing countries in particular would be able to benefit more from the advantages of globalisation .
In this respect it will be important to ensure that the developing countries receive the technical and financial assistance they need to help them develop their capacity in terms of administration , industry , commerce and exports .
The problem is a tough one politically and industrio-politically , but it can be solved .
It is nevertheless very much in the interests of the EU in particular that Russia should join the WTO as quickly as possible .
The Commission will have a tough job regarding this in the future .
Commissioner Lamy is used to hard and productive work , but this particular field of activity will also bring economic benefits for the EU.
Mr President , the International Criminal Court , which celebrated its first birthday yesterday , received a new poisoned gift from its Evil Fairy Godmother when the United States of America started to carry out its threat to impose sanctions on those countries that have not yielded to its pressure on them to sign bilateral immunity agreements .
That means supporting the ICC in every way possible and getting rid of the giant loopholes that still exist in judicial practice , for example by increasing EU Member States ' legislative capacity for dealing with international crimes .
The problem with European airspace is congestion .
There is an enormous volume of air traffic in Central Europe .
Nevertheless , in sparsely populated Member States , such as Finland , there are not very many problems of this sort .
It has a number of far-reaching proposals .
One might wonder whether this is necessary to achieve the objectives or whether cooperation between the Member States would suffice .
If air traffic control services were charged based on average values it might well mean that charges would clearly rise in some areas .
A more delicate problem is the integration of military aviation and air defence with the European system .
Consequently , in this regard too we should tread carefully and respect agreed principles .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I too wish to thank the rapporteur , Mr Bradbourn , on behalf of my group , for drafting this report so excellently and with such resolve .
Our group supports the Marco Polo programme and is satisfied with the Council 's common position .
No form of transport , however , should be excluded from the programme .
A diverse range of transport should also be involved , and that could include road transport too .
Improvements may often be achieved here through a more efficient cost-benefit ratio rather than by embarking on an entirely new project .
That would also enable the realisation of innovative projects jointly undertaken by smaller companies , such as SMEs .
In the longer term it is to be hoped that Marco Polo will prove worthwhile and acquire additional financing .
Mr President , towards the end of last year the Parliament delegation to the Conciliation Committee agreed on the final content of the second pillar of the Aarhus Convention , the Directive on public participation in decision-making on the environment .
I was in the role of rapporteur during the conciliation procedure .
In compliance with a decision taken by the Conciliation Committee , the Commission appended a declaration to the directive published in the Official Journal of the European Communities , in which it reconfirmed this undertaking .
The failure of the Commission to live up to the undertaking it gave is greatly undermining Parliament 's confidence , and is indefensible and unacceptable .
Mr President , I am happy to express my satisfaction with Mr Radwan 's report concerning the forthcoming Basel II accord .
However , structured dialogue between supervisors , regulators and bank and investment firm representatives is crucial for creating a viable capital framework .
A central element - that of democratic control - has been lacking .
The principle of taking into account corporate risks in loan pricing is a sound one .
For example , in Finland only the