We all know that enlargement of the Union cannot take place until decision-making procedures within the key institutions are reformed ; however , such a reform process must be fair and balanced .
It must protect the position of smaller Member States within the Union .
It must also protect cultural , linguistic and national diversities .
It is clear from the debates that have been taking place across Europe , including those in Biarritz , that larger Member States are seeking , in part , to bully smaller Member States to reform the European Union in line with the direction taken by larger Member States and in accordance with their wishes .
This is an unacceptable situation .
Let us reflect for a moment on the ratification procedure for any newly revised European Union treaty .
It is constitutionally imperative for a referendum to be held in Denmark , Portugal and Ireland before any treaty can come into force .
If the European Treaty accepted at Nice completely dilutes the influence and representation of smaller Member States , it is going to be very difficult to sell it and secure approval for it in referendums in these three countries .
Decision-makers within the governments of the larger Member States should remember that seeking the approval of the citizens in a referendum is not a mere technicality or a rubber-stamp operation .
One has to convince the citizens in these countries of the clear merits of any new European treaty .
It must strike the balance between ensuring that the enlargement process can proceed and ensuring that smaller Member States retain a strong voice in the decision-making procedures of the European Union .
Mr President , I was seeking your clarification of the Rules on the set of circumstances that were just raised .
If a machine is not working , is it the case that a vote that is entirely disregarded ?
If so , it seems to me that is a matter that may require of an amendment in the Rules of this House .
It clearly is the case that the intention of the House was , by a tied vote , not to carry that particular measure .
Mr President , I know you hope all the voting machines were working .
I am afraid mine did not , so that made the majority " two " , not "one " .
Mr President , I am sorry to rise again on a point of order but I do so to challenge the ruling you made earlier , not in the context of the debate but in the context of the Rules of this House .
If there is an equality of votes and if the honourable Member did vote , even though her machine did not work , then the procedure in any parliamentary assembly is that amendment falls .
Therefore , in those circumstances I want you to tell me which part of our Rules suggests that your ruling is right , when clearly it is not .
State aids have been traditionally used by Member States as instruments of industrial and social policy .
Notwithstanding the move towards greater deregulation within the European Union , state aids can still play a constructive role in achieving social and economic progress .
I am a member of the European Parliament for the constituency of Connaught/Ulster .
This whole region has been classified as an Objective 1 area for the seven-year period 2000-2006 .
If a particular region is accorded such classification then the businesses which set up in that region are entitled to receive a higher percentage of state aid than within a non-Objective 1 region .
In fact , one can recall that 40 % grant aid is available for fixed investment costs for new businesses setting up within the Objective 1 region in Ireland .
There can also be a further top-up arrangement of 15 % for fixed investment costs for small and medium sized enterprises .
For the purposes of this grant aid , a small and medium-sized enterprise is a company that employs less then 250 people .
Permission to grant such grant aid to companies setting up in the Objective 1 region serves a very positive economic and social purpose .
It ensures that the further drift from rural to urban areas may be arrested .
It also ensures that greater inward investment can take place into this region in an effort to bolster job opportunities for young people growing up in such areas .
I welcome the recent statement that radical changes are now being implemented by IDA Ireland in terms of attracting more jobs to the Objective 1 region in Ireland .
IDA Ireland has been reorganising that focus so as to win half of all new jobs from Greenfield Projects in the Objective 1 region over the coming three years .
This re-focus is beginning to take effect and given time and the implementation of the Government ' s Programmes on Infrastructure , as outlined in the National Development Plan for the period 2000-2006 , the IDA is certainly confident that it can reach this target for new projects in the Objective 1 region .
There are too many regions presently at a disadvantage from an uncompetitive infrastructure and from the lack of the business support services which are needed if the required level of new and modern business investment is to be achieved .
I believe the Regional State Aid Guidelines which have been put in place to help job creation in the Objective 1 region can be implemented in their entirety and will redress regional imbalances which exist in Ireland and elsewhere .
I would also point out that many Irish-speaking areas within the constituency of Connaught/Ulster and Udaras Na Gaeltachta will also be playing a pivotal role in creating new industries in the Objective 1 region over the