Mr President , we intend to step up that sort of cooperation and coordination as soon as we can .
The other example concerns liquid explosives .
The law enforcement authorities in the Member States will focus special attention on this question and others at their various meetings in the future .     .
Perhaps we will be able to meet this challenge of coherence better if we engage in cooperation in the field of legal and internal affairs and in more effective decision-making .     .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , taking a decision to send troops for the EU’s crisis management operation is in all cases up to the Member States concerned .
This paragraph 3 states that any operational expenditure to which the implementation of these provisions gives rise is to be charged to the budget of the European Communities , except for such expenditure arising from operations having military or defence implications and cases where the Council acting unanimously decides otherwise .
What should be done in a situation where a country on stand-by duty has no inclination whatsoever to take part in an operation like this ?     .
Mr President , as I said , the operation is initiated by a unanimous decision of the European Union , and a decision is taken in the Member States regarding any single operation .
It remains to be seen what the reaction will be in a situation such as that proposed by the honourable Member .     .
This is all the more true given that it is hard for national economies to postpone addressing health problems until they involve diseases for which they need to start finding cures .
Our decisions in matters of transport , trade and industry policy , the environment , social planning and social policy always have an impact on public health .
Mr President , I agree with the rapporteur that this directive will not bring us any closer to the objective of good ambient air quality .
It is a good thing that fine particles , the fine PM2.5 particles in fact , are included in the directive , and that binding limit values are to be set for them .
It has also been mentioned that Parliament is calling for a more stringent value .
Air pollution is one of the main environmental problems in Europe , and people are exposed to it .
The limit value that is set can have a genuine impact on the number of human lives that can be saved .
Parliament , however , is calling for more stringent limit values for these smaller particles , which I endorse .
I do not , however , endorse the fact that the deadline for implementation is to be extended .
I am rapporteur for the last phase of the Sixth Environmental Action Programme .
Now it has to be said that with this first legislative thematic strategy , which is meant to fulfil the aims of the Sixth Environmental Action Programme , we will not achieve the targets contained in it .
The majority on the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Food Safety are actually proposing that current legislation should be made less stringent .
This is only an apparent improvement , however , as the current limit value , if it may be exceeded on more than 35 days , in practice represents an annual average of 30 micrograms .
It is a falsehood that companies with daily limit values would have a negligible impact on health .
This scandalous suggestion by the Committee on the Environment was justified by saying that the Member States could not do any better .
It has been awful to witness how the negotiators in certain groups have taken guidance from the automotive industry .
I would like to make three points .
I fully support the content of the report and how it has been written .
We dealt with that in the Committee on Budgetary Control , where the report was adopted with 25 votes in favour and only one against .
It is true that both parties should be blamed : Parliament’s administration , which was perhaps a little naive , and the City of Strasbourg .
My confidence in the workings of this city has gone down .
As in a marriage , it is important to talk about sensitive issues .
That is a waste and I support the idea put forward in the ‘oneseat.eu’ campaign of having only one seat .
Let us talk about it openly and try to find a solution , but separately from this report .     .
This is an important part of European competitiveness .
I wish briefly to raise two matters .
This results in their not being able to find work either .
This is a very important subject .
We have to ensure that there is not just a regional and national dimension , but also a European dimension to our children’s identity and thinking , and that they understand what kind of community of values they belong to and what sort of intellectual heritage they have .
These values are also based on the Hellenistic heritage and Roman law .
Firstly , I think services should be open to competition .
This whole debate is about having specific public services of general interest .
I should therefore like to promote public-private partnerships .
We should draw some lessons from the debate we had on the Services Directive .
I do not want the Commission to come up with anything , not even a consolidating document .
Face the facts : the Commission ’s study makes it clear that there are huge differences between what we consider to be a service of general interest in Finland , for instance , and what is considered to be a service of general interest in