If the committee cannot meet I do not think that we should sit on our hands and let those people wait for things that are crucially important to the survival of the Bulgarian state just because of that .
We do not know exactly when it will begin and when it will be completed , and we do not know what repercussions it will have for the peoples of Europe and , above all , for the social cohesion of Europe .
Everything that is happening , along with the democratic deficit that exists in the European Union today , is leading inexorably to the two-thirds society .
It is imperative that you change the timetable , and also the criteria , and , above all , gentlemen of the Commission , that you provide us with more truth and more transparency .
The social explosion is getting nearer , and you yourselves will pay the price because you have forgotten that behind the figures there are human beings .
Mr Donnelly has recalled your reference here to unemployment and to the obstacle that you believed it placed in the way of completion of the process .
With all due respect to your views , I must point out the one-sidedness of your positions concerning fiscal discipline .
We are not saying that unemployment should be combated via consumption excesses , but for the stability pact effectively to prohibit public investment when private investment is not forthcoming is , to say the least , rash , and any move by the French Government to change things in the direction which this Parliament has called for would indeed be laudable .
What is at issue is the dynamic via which we achieve them and whether , as far as unemployment is concerned , now is the right time to be imposing a squeeze which is actually increasing unemployment .
Mr President , your speed on votes is well known , but at least when there is a change of Commissioner and a change of report we request your indulgence .
To our great surprise - and all of the political groups here have been surprised given the importance of the matter - the Commission has not promoted the recommendation of the European Parliament that tourism be included as a separate chapter in the revised Treaty with its own separate legal basis and capital .
Silence not so much from Commissioner Papoutsis , but rather from the Commission as a whole , in that as a college it has made no real attempt to place tourism on the agenda of the intergovernmental conference .
I would like to know how the Commissioner himself feels about the matter .
We shall be working to help the industry prepare itself properly for the single currency , the euro , and to strengthen its job-creating potential via local initiatives to assist employment , training , cultural promotion , environmental protection and the use of new technologies .
I would have been happy if we had had approval for the Philoxenia programme , and I would have been happy if we had had a legal basis - even a legal basis with just one ECU , but all the same a legal basis .
Mr President , allow me to emphasize to the House that if provision is made in the Treaty we shall be freed from the sort of trouble that we have had with the Philoxenia programme .
Mr President , I will look at that possibility and try to be at the meeting .
The reply on the particular predicament of islands which are remote from the centre of the Community was positive and very understanding .
Whether , that is to say , as the final touches are added , as she puts it , there will an interesting announcement on the matter which would still , all the same , be non-binding and a pious aspiration .
As far as the agricultural prices are concerned , it is obvious that the budgetary discipline imposed on the Community expenditure must be upheld .
So one asks : should we perhaps not be attempting to freeze the prices for the main Mediterranean products ?
Freezing the prices of products which are in surplus makes sense , but it does not make sense to impose a freeze on products which are in deficit and in respect of which the Union has to import more than 50 % of its needs .
I interpret them them not as they are , not in terms of their words , but in terms of their meaning .
No one seems to be addressing that .
If the Community does not do it , the farmers themselves and the workers will , and you can see the beginnings of that now .
Mr President , today 's debate gives us the opportunity to discuss farm prices for 1997/1998 and , at the same time , matters relating to the level and distribution of the agricultural expenditure appropriations .
I could describe the Commission proposal as a management exercise .
Its proposal for generous funding to stabilize the beef sector is something that I , personally , oppose .
To endow the cereals regime with generous funding while cutting all of the appropriations and getting the saving from products of the south is wrong .
Not all of us can support this policy .
Economic and monetary union must go ahead of course .
No one is going to cede major decision-making rights to organizations without being sure that social , employment and environmental policies can be implemented in the Union .
We are engaged in politics in which the thing that counts most is the outcome , and the best scenario of the Amsterdam outcome is a modest common denominator if some compromise can be reached in advance with the French Socialists who promised much before the election