She knows how much I esteem her , but in this instance I disagree with her .
He or she 'may ' , Mrs Green , but it is not obligatory .
The President on that day , during a very difficult sitting , when we were all very tired , and after discussion with the House , deemed that the matter should be referred back to the Bureau .
I cannot agree with you , you are mistaken there .
Mr President , the Dublin Summit was yet another step towards the exacerbation of poverty and unemployment in the European Union .
The European Union must unequivocally condemn this aggressive attitude and action by Turkey .
We have noted sensitivity on the part of the Dutch presidency concerning a series of issues related to citizens ' rights .
To be specific , Mr Erbakan said : ' Greece has learned the lessons of 1922 when the Greeks were expelled from Asia Minor and 1974 when half of Cyprus was occupied , and Turkey is ready to repeat those lessons ' .
Nobody wants walls between Turkey and Europe .
Madam President , the Dutch presidency is charged with the duty that stems from previous Summits and most recently the Dublin Summit , to further the completion of the Intergovernmental Conference , the third phase of EMU, and the European Union 's enlargement towards the Central and Eastern European Countries .
Madam President , despite the tremendous difficulties it is facing , both economically due to the embargo and because of the problems created by the embattled situation in the Balkan area , the Serbian nation is in a position to establish democratic procedures and extend its democratic rights if it is left free from outside pressures and international ulterior motives .
Whereas after the Dayton Agreement the Serbian people were hoping for the lifting of the sanctions against them , they see that not only is that obligation not being fulfilled , but on the contrary , no opportunity is lost to maintain and extend the measures against them , the more so just when every Press report nowadays shows that the Serbian Government is already moving towards recognition of the opposition 's rights and acceptance of the recent municipal election results .
Mr President , I too would like to take up precisely the point raised by Mrs Pack : I do not think answers should be given solely for the benefit of Dutch Members .
The second concern is the probable danger that instead of making it easier for countries with no great achievements to forge ahead , we may hold back and drag down achievements that already exist in other European Union countries .
Mr President , I too agree with the furtherance of this extension of programmes related to the protection of forests from atmospheric pollution and fires .
I think , however , and we saw the same thing this morning in the Thomas report , that the European Union is doing far less than it could , both about protection and about improving the infrastructure , encouraging technical cooperation between the Member States , educating the workforce , and even setting up a task force for the entire European Union , which could contribute to the control of fires .
The Transcaucasian area is one with many problems : political , economic , social , environmental , and most of all , problems of stability , peace and democracy .
Those countries themselves , however , must cooperate with the European Union and offer solutions of their own , especially at the level of their internal democracy and human rights .
I would also like to hope , with all of you , that all the fine words and good wishes heard here today will not remain just words and wishes , but will become deeds with a substantive outcome for the essential aid that the peoples of the three Transcaucasian countries so desperately need .
This year again , Mr President , we are forced , on the basis of the report by Mrs Schaffner on the Commission 's report on monitoring the application of Community law , to repeat several of the observations that we have had to make year after year .
The Commission needs to gather together the manpower that will enable it to make much faster progress in that direction .
Nevertheless , substantial gaps remain , particularly in the transport , environment and energy sectors and in the agriculture sector as regards implementation of the White Paper .
I think , firstly , of the Karolus and Mathaeus programmes dealing with exchanges of national civil servants and , more generally , I believe , with cooperation and exchange of information between the Commission and the national authorities , both at the pre-legislative stage and at the stage when Community acts are implemented .
I should also mention the Commission 's initiative in putting forward the Robert Schuman action .
This answers a call that I myself made in my capacity as the rapporteur of last year 's report by the Legal Affairs Committee on the Commission report on monitoring the application of Community law .
There have been some elements of progress this year .
The European Union has simply not existed .
The German courts have spoken , the European body which monitors the movement of drugs has spoken , a number of persons in positions of responsibility have spoken , but the European Union has been completely out of the frame .
The environment is unquestionably one of the most crucial issues with which the European Union - and not only it - has to grapple , and I think everyone now recognizes that .
These policies have done much to promote development and progress in recent years , but it is a fact that development very often increases the