reinforces action , namely the pilot schemes , which is already in progress and , secondly , it introduces new measures to improve on-going evaluation .
We ought to recognize , of course , that the plethora of objectives does perhaps impede a clear appraisal of the priorities and complicate the programme implementation procedure , whereas a clearer and disciplined setting-out of the objectives would do more to safeguard its effectiveness .
We are saddened by the fact that this - one might say - fatal cut in the funding entails a retreat by the Council from its initial solemn declarations concerning an abiding environmental policy consistent with the Rio and Berlin conferences , and that it also , essentially , destroys any possibility of effective intervention by the Union to protect the environment and improve energy policy .
However , Mr President , I have a problem with the implementation and monitoring of the current directive by the Commissioner and I would like to address it , taking two examples from Greece .
We know this from both the European and the Greek press organizations , and it is unacceptable from many points of view and of course politically .
The second example concerns underage children , who should in my opinion clearly be protected from the avalanche of advertisements targeted particularly at children .
Acting against them in the European Court of Justice with arguments of the type that the free provision of services must be protected .
Mr President , we have a series of very important reports and I would like to congratulate the rapporteurs , both on their efforts and on their ideas .
It is also no matter of chance that the European Union is increasingly encouraging relocations to Third Countries , mainly towards the Central and Eastern European countries .
We want to stress that now , besides statements and expressions of concern , immediate and effective measures are needed at an international level to restrict the unaccountable actions of major multinational capital .
The Centre would have advantages not shared by the data network which the Commission and the Council want to propose .
The time has come to pay greater attention to Europe 's peoples , to human beings , and less to numbers .
Among other inadequacies of the Commission 's proposal , the most blatant in my opinion is the lack of an explicit link between the protection of man 's health and environmental hazards .
To achieve that aim in relation to sustainable development , the health factor must be seriously taken into account in every sector of Community policy and action , sectors such as agriculture , transport , energy , industry , tourism and others .
And there should also be an integrated approach to the factors that influence the accidents caused by means of transport , especially those that result in loss of life or cause disablement and entail prolonged treatment , accidents that have major economic and social consequences .
Madam President , I was present during yesterday 's sitting , but that does not appear in the Minutes .
We were told this morning that a large number of votes were to be taken and that rather more time would be needed .
The same applies to the President-in-Office of the Council , Mr Mitchell , because in contrast to other times , today he really told us many interesting things , and I think nobody can still doubt that the peace process in the Middle East is today , and must remain the first priority for the European Union 's much-debated external policy .
What is to be done about the settlers and about the refugees ?
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I am very glad to have heard at last from the Council that a European mediator has been appointed for the Middle East .
The question is why the Council is unwilling to apply this special Moscow mechanism procedure , since all else has failed .
The special mechanism was agreed precisely for cases when other mechanisms prove insufficient .
However , we must also condemn the situation in that country , where Pinochet , who has for a decade been torturing , murdering and engineering the disappearance of citizens , still continues being able to order and impose the imprisonment of the leader of a political party who did no more than to speak about all that Pinochet has done during his brutal dictatorship , in an attempt to prevent the continuation of such a situation in that country and to establish respect for elementary human rights .
However , I would like to note , and I believe the President-inOffice will agree with me , that American cinema and television productions nevertheless account for over 60 % of the programmes broadcast by the most basic audiovisual media in Europe , and of course , of the films shown in Europe , particularly in the smaller countries .
Mr President , it is known that the civil war , the bloody conflicts and the ethnic cleansing that have taken place in part of Georgia , Abkhazia , created many thousands of refugees who are now living far from their homes and lands under wretched conditions , as I myself have witnessed at first hand in some cases .
A just solution to the Abkhazia problem presupposes , among other things , respect for the territorial integrity of Georgia and at the same time safeguards for the rights of the various ethnic groups that made up the nation of Georgia before the civil conflicts .
I should like to hope that those who wish to hold elections will realize that these elections just complicate the situation , and that they will postpone them and so demonstrate that they are prepared to go on to sincere and serious negotiations with the government of Georgia , to bring peace to that long-suffering area .
