of the Council talk endlessly about their desire to build a citizens ’ Europe .
The Council , and its British Presidency , cannot escape questions as to how all this can be in line with the great Millennium Goals , to which they , in their statements , have repeatedly affirmed their commitment .
While that is ineffective , it is very much what one would expect from the conduct of many Member States , for , although 22 of them committed themselves to a programme of reconstruction , only nine of them have , according to the Commission ’s website , handed over any money so far .
I do believe , though , that the European Union had to consider the victims ’ needs and could not have waited any longer to vote these funds once and for all and to make them available , for to do otherwise would have adversely affected its credibility .
The European Parliament is legitimated by reason of being directly and democratically elected .
I would therefore ask the Commission to strengthen this aspect in future -Europe action plans , and at all events to include specific measures .
We must not , however , go too far in doing this .
I should like to extend my thanks and congratulations to Mrs Grossetête , the rapporteur for the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Food Safety , for her work and the effort she put in to complete this report .
We must ensure that any review carried out also takes into account the desired benefits to public health of this regulation .
We should ask ourselves why this is not being discussed : because it creates a level playing field , as it were , between generic medicinal products and pharmaceutical manufacturers engaged in research .
This is an indictment of the pharmaceutical industry : it is out to make a killing , a huge profit .
Mrs Grossetête , and now Commissioner Verheugen as well , have convinced me that this is the right , simple , and practicable way to go .
The Commission ’s proposal was well-balanced and was based on impact assessments .
This is the cornerstone of the whole proposal , without which the European pharmaceutical industry – which is of course privately organised – will not produce the necessary research investment .
It was on 7 June , only a few weeks ago , that we adopted a very comprehensive package of eight reports on anti-terrorism .
My colleague Mr Mayor Oreja , our coordinator Mrs Klamt , and Mr Kirkhope , will have more to say about that , and it will be very practical .
There are things that they want us to take seriously .
We should not , then deny access to the road to Europe to governments like that – Turkey’s in particular – or to a society like that , for if it turns out to be possible for our values to put down roots in an Islamic society , it demolishes the Islamists ’ thesis that such a thing is impossible .
The attacks they carried out were cruel and lacking any justification , but the acts of terrorism we have seen so far were carried out for reasons of history or ideology and limited to one country or one region .
That can help to put terrorists and those behind them out of action more quickly .
This is true of almost all the Member States .
For terrorists , egoists , extremists and opportunists , an EU with powers returned to its Member States is the best of friends ; a common Europe , a strong EU , is their most deadly adversary .     Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , nobody in this Chamber is unclear about the need to take more , and appropriate , action to combat terrorism and criminal activity .
As things stand at present , the Council is not prepared to give Parliament a proper say as regards the retention of communications data , and that is not on .     Mr President , I ask that you take note of the fact that I made , when speaking on behalf of my group , a comment on which Mr Voggenhuber seized in his speech and interpreted to mean that I would like to see the security forces respond to the use of violence by terrorists and criminals with the same sort of violence or a similar overall way of dealing with such persons .
Dramatic changes in climate make it necessary that more attention be given even to natural radiation .
That is something of which I would like to remind the Presidency : financial resources will , of course , be needed if we are to invest in Gaza and in the region as a whole .
Tourism , in Europe , is not one sector among many ; it has become a factor of people’s quality of life , and we have to take that seriously .
Mr President , scarcely any other sector of the economy is as complex as tourism .
Developing such new schemes as conservation holidays in areas of outstanding natural beauty , all-in deals for cyclists or cultural tourists would certainly be worthwhile .
We know what that would mean in terms of the strain placed on our infrastructure and in terms of the services that could be offered .
With that in mind , Commissioner , we can do no other than wish you much success and hope that European holidays will soon be better synchronised , that the tourism sector will grow and that tourists will benefit .     – Mr President , sustainability concerns every one of us .
We can propose it , but we shall not take upon ourselves those things that the tourism industry should be doing