the EU 's foreign policy and are based on our shared values of democracy , human rights and our commitment to open , integrated economies .
I am pleased to be able to state that there are many areas in which the EU cooperates closely with the United States in order to expand our strategic partnership and achieve results .
The new administration has raised the ambitions of the United States substantially in this area .
This could become a good forum for increased cooperation between us in the areas of energy security , markets , sustainability policy and research into new energy technologies .
This is essential if we are to foster economic recovery and fight protectionism .
The US has a key role to play here .
The statement on the closure of Guantánamo Bay , which mentioned deepening transatlantic cooperation on justice and home affairs , is an important step in this direction .
The EU and the US are the world 's largest donors and we therefore have a common interest in improving efforts in the area of development .
We are firmly convinced that the summit will promote transatlantic relations in a positive and constructive manner .
It is important , not just for national authorities , but also , and more especially , for those who are suspected or accused of a crime , that there are clear deadlines , procedural guarantees and other protection mechanisms in place .
It would require the introduction of an international tax and distribution system with no democratic control and with the clear risk of all kinds of corruption .
We do not think that the Tobin tax will be effective in preventing speculation , but we welcome a discussion on how financial institutions such as banks , trust companies and insurance companies can help to create a healthy and stable financial market .
We think that a more detailed discussion of how international financial transactions should be handled is needed .
Mr President , we are at a decisive point in time .
Negotiations are moving too slowly , however .
We want the EU to show leadership by expressing a clear , unequivocal political will .
We will take on the challenge of bringing the other nations of the world with us into an agreement that is sufficiently capable of meeting the challenge of climate change .
We are therefore taking an intensive two-track approach : firstly , sending a powerful message to our negotiating partners ; and secondly , bringing the EU together behind a strong negotiating mandate ahead of the Copenhagen conference .
The decision made by the European Parliament at that time places the EU in a strong negotiating position .
I also welcome the resolution that the European Parliament is in the process of preparing .
We view the 30 % goal as a way of leveraging others to join us in raising their ambitions .
We have seen promising signals , for example , from the new government in Japan .
It is a way of making sure that climate and development measures are incorporated into all political decisions and ensuring that growth benefits everyone ; a way of constructing and opening up democratic governance , contributing to equality and fighting and reducing poverty .
The European Council has concluded that climate change is undermining efforts to combat poverty and achieve sustainable development .
All nations - except those that are least developed - should share responsibility for the costs of measures to combat climate change , but those of us in the developed countries must take the lead by ourselves reducing emissions and financing important measures .
Finally , let me state that the EU is prepared to take its responsibilities seriously .
We face a great challenge in these final weeks leading up to Copenhagen .
Mr President , I would like to thank more or less everyone who has taken part in this debate for the support you are giving the EU in its highly important work in the climate negotiations .
Can I also state outright that I very much appreciate the fact that development issues have been so central in this part of the debate .
I agree with Mr Florenz 's comment that it is incredibly important that this does not simply become a 'beauty contest ' .
In this context , the very strong work of the EU is vital .
I would also say to Mrs Lepage that I absolutely agree that there is a need for new , increased and foreseeable initiatives and resources .
I would like to see strong support in Copenhagen for initiatives to combat rainforest deforestation and to promote reforestation and sustainable forestry .
This is the case in developed countries - and it is even more the case in developing countries , where the very poorest are likely to be those hit hardest by climate degradation .
That is why it is so important for the EU to get to the heart of the emissions problem , i .e . the actual increases in emissions .
It is also a way of rejuvenating our economies .
With this approach , Europe will be able to play a vitally important role as we lead the way towards an ambitious agreement in Copenhagen .
Parliament 's commitment is very important for the 48 days remaining before the conference in Copenhagen .
There has been mention in the debate of global partnership - I agree with that .
I am now off to the Luxembourg Council meeting on the environment , at which we will also set out the EU 's mandate for the Copenhagen conference .
Finally , it is about having a mandate that has been adopted by the European Council .
I would like to thank Parliament for its support .
However , we are convinced that free trade is basically a force for good that benefits the development of Europe as a whole