criteria and this list .
We were fully agreed about these matters during the period in which we sat almost side by side here in Parliament .
Mr President , the Council attaches great importance to the candidate countries ' fulfilling the political criteria for accession , established in Copenhagen in 1993 and relating to democracy , the Rule of Law , human rights and the protection of minorities .
The negotiations with Slovakia were not , therefore , begun until the European Council in Helsinki in December 1999 was able to state that the criteria had now been met .
In its 2001 report on the future of Slovakia , the Commission concluded that the country continued to fulfil the political Copenhagen criteria .
The Commission also observed that , since 1999 , Slovakia had done a lot in order further to consolidate and firmly establish the stability of its institutions and so strengthen democracy , the Rule of Law and human rights .
The second reading , which should have taken place in the middle of June , may possibly be deferred because there are a lot of other bills to be debated .
It would be inappropriate for the EU to interfere in the democratic process in a third country .
The Council is therefore carefully monitoring developments in relation to the bill in question and is awaiting more detailed information about the debate in Slovakia 's legislative assembly .
I should like to draw attention to the fact that we have established a number of very clear criteria - what are termed the Copenhagen criteria .
I have said - and this has been stated at every opportunity - that these criteria must be observed by every country which wishes to become a member of the European Union .
It must be up to the European Union to assess the situation if the bill is adopted with or without amendments .
In that way , it will be determined whether it is in conflict with the Copenhagen criteria .
I do not wish , on behalf of the Council , to pronounce any judgment here in this House today .
Mr President , Commissioner , the Commission has recently tabled a proposal for future reform of the fisheries policy and , in the light of this , the Commission 's report on monitoring the implementation of the common fisheries policy , which is the subject of my report , is a very important tool .
Such improvements are necessary , moreover , for there are far too many loopholes in the present fisheries policy .
Certain Member States have neglected to comply with their obligations to inform the Commission of their vessels ' catches or have only provided such information on an occasional basis during the period covered by the Commission 's report .
That is because many Member States are quite simply too slipshod about fulfilling their obligations under the common fisheries policy .
In order to ensure the implementation of a common fisheries policy , it is , quite simply , necessary to demand that the monitoring and enforcement system and the system of reporting be employed correctly in every respect in all the Member States .
Fishermen must also be left in no doubt that these policies are being implemented equally in all the Member States .
Responsibility for monitoring the application of Community legislation in accordance with Community principles naturally lies with the Member States .
There is a lot to indicate that the Member States need rather more help in fulfilling this responsibility , and it is , in the last analysis , the Community which has overall responsibility for satisfactory implementation of the legislation .
Member States have also invested fisheries inspectors with legal powers of control and the power to initiate sanction procedures .
The basis , in any case , is there as it should be , and the national authorities are in a position to enforce Community legislation .
My eye has also been caught by the observation in the Commission 's report to the effect that the fisheries inspectors are not well enough trained .
If I am right in thinking that this is the case , it is certainly something to be got to grips with , especially in view of the fact that the training of inspectors is partly funded by the EU.
It is high time that we got the Member States to give a higher priority to their obligations .
There must be efficient follow-up of infringements , and adequate resources must be set aside to ensure that the monitoring and inspection functions are in order .
I have proposed to the Commission that a system of rewards be devised , for example in the form of extra quotas , for those Member States that comply with Community legislation .
I have also , of course , proposed that tougher sanctions be imposed upon those countries that do not comply with what is required .
The outcome is not of course dependent upon the Commissioner for Equality alone .
It is not so easy to get a programme such as this accepted , and the reason for that is clear enough , there being only five female Commissioners out of a total of twenty .
If we are to criticise anyone , it is in any case not our Commissioner .
Having said that , I should also like to thank the rapporteur for the brilliant report she has presented here .
The EU is a political project which therefore applies to both men and women .
For that reason , it is important that we always be careful to involve the other half of the population , namely women .
That being said , we must of course also distinguish between matters to which the principle of subsidiarity should apply and those which are matters of overarching concern