good initiatives for which budget lines already exist could be brought together in a proper Baltic Sea Programme .
The common economic objectives awaiting political implementation are obvious .
They relate to energy , transport and the environment .
Finally , I must stress how important I think it is that , if after the start of negotiations the conditions for accession are found to be met by one or more of the Baltic countries and they therefore qualify for membership , existing EU members must not put obstacles based on historical considerations or strategic self-interest in the way of their accession .
Mr President , the communication is good because it draws attention to the fact that women have qualifications to bring to the labour market .
If it is now made absolutely clear that these qualifications are indispensable and worth paying for , perhaps we can move a step further and release women from rigid pay structures .
It is important that the trade unions should play a central role in the achievement of equal pay and it is therefore crucial , as the communication points out , that women should be involved in the negotiation of agreements .
Experience in Denmark shows that , when there is a move from central to decentralized pay negotiations , the pay gap widens .
Only a committed male chauvinist or a bad employer can accept that .
The trade unions are in a unique position to lead the way in laying the foundations for a more modern way of assessing men 's and women 's work .
We hope that the Commission communication may help to promote development in the right direction .
Anything else would be disreputable .
( DA ) The Commission 's Baltic Sea Initiative , put forward at the Baltic Sea States Summit in Visby , does not contain sufficient new initiatives for the Baltic Sea Region , which possesses considerable potential for political and economic development .
It is a directive that will determine whether Danish painters are protected in the future against organic solvents .
Unfortunately they remember it as one of the areas in which the EU is scrapping high Danish standards .
In Denmark we consider that , while it cannot be demonstrated with certainty that painters suffer brain damage through being exposed to organic solvents , the mere suspicion constitutes sufficient grounds for taking action .
Clearly therefore , painters need to know exactly what it is they are using .
In all three countries there has been concern that EU membership will lead to a lowering of standards on the environment and the working environment .
The European Parliament thus has a vital role to play here .
We are the only EU institution elected by direct suffrage in the fifteen Member States ; we therefore have a duty to argue the case of the common man .
Mr President , I should like to thank Mr Tomlinson for the spirit of thrift that ran through his speech to Parliament , and I want to thank the Committee on Budgets and the Bureau , on which I myself sit , for unanimously deciding to keep Members ' expenses for travel and the like at the same level as last year or , more accurately , to keep expenditure for next year at the same level as this year .
That is the least that can be expected .
No firm would cover travel expenses for its employees without proof that they have actually travelled .
Our Parliament should not give politicians terms any different to those governing the conduct of our citizens .
It is not a question of mistrust , it is about order , propriety and openness , so that everyone can see that things are being done correctly .
We accept - albeit under protest - the ordinance that Parliament should meet every month in Strasbourg .
We think that the Council of Ministers shows contempt for Parliament by not taking account of this , because it causes expenditure to increase quite unreasonably .
If we get used to saving , we shall also have money to spend on necessary projects , for example in the field of information technology .
That must be the goal of our activity .
Madam President , against many odds it proved possible to broaden the agenda for Intergovernmental Conference to include the subjects that concern people most .
At the start of the Intergovernmental Conference , not many people thought that the EU would get its employment chapter , but it happened .
Of course balmier winds were blowing that way , with the election results just achieved in Britain and France .
Now the EU has an obligation to tackle unemployment .
But the effect of this policy would be far greater if it were a common EU policy .
What is more important than anything else , however , is that the achievement of a result in Amsterdam means that negotiations can be started with the Baltic and Central and Eastern European countries .
The affirmation in the preamble to the Treaty on European Union of the principles on which cooperation in the EU is based , respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms and non-discrimination , was a pious hope at the start of the negotiations , but in the end it became a reality .
The fact that four members of the Liberal Group have asked to speak today demonstrates the importance we attach to the Ombudsman institution .
It is a direct route whereby ordinary citizens can alter incorrect decisions .
A precondition for that of course is the ability to find out what is happening .
That is why I am particularly glad that one of the initiatives the Ombudsman has taken is to investigate how easy it is for the public to gain access to documents