these more rigorous systems of budgetary and economic surveillance and policy coordination in place by the beginning of next year .
Member of the Commission . - I agree with your way of reasoning and I think it is essential that we see the euro as a key policy instrument for economic policy and sustainable growth in Europe and , at the same time , that we look at it not only as a symbol but also as a bond for Europeans in building the common European home .
For instance , in the first half of 2010 - I will just give you the highlights - we carried out an information campaign on the key benefits of the euro in 10 euro area countries : Germany , France , Italy , Portugal , the Netherlands , Spain , Austria , Finland , Malta and Belgium .
This was clearly a case of reaching out to the opinion makers and trying to have a multiplier effect through this important forum .
In my youth , I trained as a spare parts salesman ; I started at 12 and I ended that career at 20 .
Member of the Commission . - The reason why Estonia has had to enforce budgetary discipline is not primarily the euro , but the fact that Estonia 's economy faced a very serious financial crisis , like all of us , and economic growth stalled .
There was negative economic growth , which meant that Estonia 's public finances were simply no longer on a sustainable basis .
This was the democratic decision of the Estonian Parliament recently and this has been the policy followed in Estonia with quite some success .
This time , it became possible at some point to take those decisions , to provide conditional and coordinated financial assistance for Greece , and later on to create the European Financial Stability Mechanism .
Greece is implementing its joint EU-IMF programme in time and according to the memorandum of understanding .
It is readily available , if requested and if genuinely needed .
Meanwhile , the Special Purpose Vehicle of up to EUR 440 billion , the intergovernmental arrangement which is also called the European Financial Stability Facility , is going to be ratified by 90 % of the volume , which is the criterion , by the end of this month and it will be operational a few weeks after that .
My final point is that this only buys us time , and the essence is that we have to engage in a very serious campaign of fiscal consolidation in Europe , where the past two years have wiped out 20 years of fiscal consolidation in the past two decades .
The use of European Union funding to maintain the institutionalisation of people with disabilities ' .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I wish to thank the rapporteur , Mrs Ek , for her quite excellent work .
Around six years ago , enlargement meant that the Baltic Sea , to all intents and purposes , became an internal sea of the EU.
People have become aware of this all too slowly .
I hope that coordinated research will help us at least to become aware of two issues .
The world 's largest area of seabed devoid of oxygen - in other words , dead - is in the Baltic Sea .
The main problem is eutrophication , the consequences of which the rapporteur also described well .
I therefore hope that jointly-organised coordinated research will help people to become sufficiently aware of all this and that it will also help us to develop better and more intelligent methods and processes in all sectors , but in agriculture especially , because fertilisers that have entered lakes and seas are nothing more than a waste of resources as far as farmers are concerned .
We need to remember , however , that research cannot solve everything .
I hope we will make saving the Baltic Sea , which is now one of the world 's most polluted seas , a success story from which the rest of the world can learn a lesson .
I would also like to thank Diego López Garrido and his team and the Spanish Presidency for their excellent cooperation and extraordinary performance during these very difficult times in Europe with the most severe financial crisis and economic recession for ages .
I could wish some success for Switzerland as well but only once they have joined the European Union !
On the other hand , the turmoil in the sovereign debt markets has cast a serious shadow over financial stability in Europe , which could , at worst , derail the still nascent recovery of the real economy .
The European Union has taken coordinated and determined action to prevent a financial meltdown , but we are certainly not yet out of troubled waters .
That is what our citizens expect from their leaders .
We need to upgrade preventive budgetary surveillance to avoid future crises , we need to address macro-economic imbalances to go to the root of the problems and we need to construct a permanent mechanism for crisis management .
Tomorrow , President Van Rompuy will give a progress report on the work of the task force and the first set of orientations .
We must now seize the moment to complete the construction of the economic and monetary union .
I count on your support in this regard .
Let us keep up the momentum , get results and have the new system functional already by the beginning of next year .
There will be three priority issues in Toronto .
They agreed that the advanced countries , especially the most vulnerable ones , need to accelerate fiscal consolidation .
Secondly , the G20 must also aim at rebalancing global demand .
