by experts and it would favour a region that is in chronic decline and is suffering from chronic depopulation that has led to the residents forming a non-governmental organisation called ' Teruel exists ' .
I also propose , as I state in my amendments , that the high-speed rail network can be achieved not only through building new lines but also by improving the condition of existing lines , in order to prevent further impacts on the countryside and the surrounding environment .
The priorities are : firstly , re-establishing a balance between modes of transport , and therefore promoting intermodal transport , which is one of its corollaries .
Annex III updates the list from 1994 , the Essen projects , and I have particularly appreciated the rigour shown by the majority of the members of the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism when dealing with this part of the proposal .
In 1996 , when the Decision that we are seeking to modify today was adopted , this issue was discussed at length .
With regard to Galileo , we cannot keep doing cost-benefit analyses every year , and as you are aware , the studies that I am referring to have been conducted by various consultants .
With regard to defining the network of navigable routes , I agree with Mrs Peijs on the importance of navigable routes , and we are conducting very important initiatives .
In short , I cannot make a commitment .
Then it would make sense to have a period of 15 years or even 10 years , but these are projects of Community interest , and , I stress , often the countries concerned only have a very relative interest .
By focusing the funds what we are doing is acknowledging that we are contributing more due to the strong Community interest of the projects .
It will also enable us to prepare , under the best possible conditions , a second review of the guidelines , which I hope the Commission will put to Parliament in 2004 .
However , the chairman of the committee cannot withdraw his or her name , so I am presenting it on behalf of the committee , but I am in fact in the same position as Mrs Lucas in that I am convinced of the need for the social and environmental report to be compulsory .
I therefore fully support the Howitt report from the committee responsible .
I think that companies , whatever their format , however many staff they have or whatever funds they have , live in a global world in which their voluntary , encouraged and prompted contribution , and I realise what I am saying , I am not saying compulsory or imposed by law , to achieving a better society , has a new meaning .
I have voted against this recommendation because the compromise found attacks directly Article 7 of the EU 's charter on fundamental rights that protects European citizens ' privacy .
The regional government considers that including it in the European high-speed train routes and more specifically in the route for the high-speed train from Madrid to Levante , would bring it closer to the axis of the Mediterranean basin , considerably helping its development and its recovery from the shortfall that has accumulated in recent decades in terms of communications .
While Parliament has been worrying about the health of its Members , 24 000 people world-wide have died of hunger today , most of them women and children .
The position of the Group of the European People 's Party has been extremely clear from the start .
It thereby reinforces the rights of Non-attached Members without needing to introduce an artificial mixed group that would be a group only in name .
I believe this has changed tremendously in relation to past procedures .
In conclusion , Mr President , I am going to state here that one of the amendments proposes abandoning the eight challenges of which Mrs Figueiredo has spoken , including the rights to work , housing , education and health .
I would like to highlight two or three of them : firstly , the development of an integrating labour market and the promotion of employment as a right and opportunity for all , a measure which sometimes means having to take decisions which , as is happening in Spain , may be opposed by some ; that is why social dialogue is so important , but it must be proper social dialogue involving reciprocal concessions , dialogue in the true sense of the word .
Far from it .
There are slots for taking off , for landing , but also for overflying .
I would like to thank Parliament , and especially Mr Stockmann , for the work you have done - in which you have always taken a constructive approach - and for your dedication .
Amendment No 20 is incompatible with the definition of a slot and ignores the need to always analyse capacities before imposing the coordination of slots .
The Commission has committed itself to consulting the air transport sector and the Member States on the results of a study on the market system for the allocation of slots before proceeding to a new legislative proposal on this issue .
I believe that his work has been serious and responsible and that furthermore he has been able to bring together a consensus within the committee which has meant that today we are able to hold a debate and approve during this plenary a report which has been difficult and complicated and which has been drawn up as a result of his work and I believe that this achievement deserves credit .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I am extremely happy to be attending this debate today