Nevertheless , since some of these proposals were rejected , in the end , we could only vote against the two reports .
The main focus of the policy of exploring and using space should be the non-proliferation of weapons and arms reduction , in order to prevent the arms race moving into space .
I consider , however , that keeping control of this distribution is essential , as is establishing mechanisms to correct the distribution whenever justified .
The Commission welcomes the initiative we are debating today of the United Kingdom , the Republic of France and the Kingdom of Sweden which seeks to guarantee the mutual recognition of financial penalties .
This means that what we are discussing today is the first European Union instrument in this field , which , I think , we also want to be ambitious .
These are legal and political instruments that enable us to establish a frame of reference within which we can implement the principle of mutual recognition of final decisions in criminal matters .
This is an unacceptable factor , which has its roots in the fact that our ship-owners , and our entire maritime transport system , are dependent on a single factor that is decisive in human activity , for reasons of competitiveness and of the very survival of the industry , but which must be regulated within the Community and also in the international institutions , whether it be the IMO or the ILO .
The communication proposes various recommendations .
I can only hope that the Member States also agree swiftly to address the matter .
When you called for one speaker in favour of and one speaker against the decision to postpone the report by Mrs Stauner , I did not like to speak because I am not supposed to take a position on that .
Madam President , on behalf of my colleague I would like to start by saying that the review of capital adequacy is an extremely significant project forming part of the Commission 's financial services action plan .
As regards the internal ratings-based approach and smaller banks , the framework likely to be proposed will be based on an evolutionary and flexible approach .
Particular focus was put on the Basle minimum standards , which were modified to make them more appropriate to the European Union context .
This will allow smaller institutions to overcome the possibility that their individual amounts of data will be too small to be statistically meaningful and to rely , where appropriate , on an internal rating system developed by a banking association .
Work has continued on the development of risk-weight proposals in respect of retail lending .
The emerging thinking is to recognise a broader range of collateral than was previously proposed .
It is designed to be used differently by institutions of different sizes and complexity .
The Commission intends to adopt the proposal for a directive shortly after final agreement is reached in Basle .
The question of where exactly the cut-off point between a retail loan and a non-retail loan should be , is subject to ongoing consideration .
Finally , on the eighth question - regarding coordination between the nine EU Member States that are members of the Basle Committee and the other European Union Member States - the European Union perspective is indeed strongly represented in the Basle Committee .
The authorities responsible for the prudential supervision of investment firms have been invited to participate in discussions of the capital review .
Commissioner Bolkestein has just this week written to the chairman of the Economic and Monetary Affairs Committee to suggest that it might be useful to arrange a meeting where members of the committee could be apprised by Commission experts in greater detail as to the emerging thinking in relation to the capital adequacy review .
I mentioned the global framework .
Secondly , creating compatibility between flexibility and transparency is a key issue for the credibility of the overall system .
We should bear in mind that , since the end of the 'cold war ' , there has been an unprecedented increase in drug trafficking as a source of funding for the activities of criminal and terrorist organisations .
Consequently the Member States must adopt the necessary measures to ensure that these offences are punishable by effective , proportionate and dissuasive penalties , including custodial sentences with a maximum term of imprisonment of no less than five years in serious cases .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , first of all , I wish to congratulate the rapporteur , Mr Oostlander , on the excellent report that he has tabled , and state that this framework decision submitted by the Commission is part of a global strategy to combat drugs based on a balanced approach of measures to reduce supply and demand and to act against illicit trafficking .
If such cooperation is going to be effective , it must be underpinned by a common approach at Union level , specifically in the approximation of definitions of the charges and penalties that apply to trafficking , which must be effective , proportionate and dissuasive .
Hence the first important point to make is that our objective is to harmonise penalties for drug trafficking .
What have we done wrong ?
The Commission ' s proposal will not , therefore , change these differences in national legislation in the areas in which drug trafficking for the purposes of personal consumption is considered not to incur punishment .
I feel , therefore , that this proposal , which I hope Parliament will approve , is an initial step in a fight in which all Member States participate against drug trafficking , which threatens the health , the security and the quality of life of our citizens , and which , as Mr