As you all know , the objective of the Lisbon strategy is to make the European economy the most competitive and dynamic knowledge-based economy in the world , capable of sustainable economic growth with more and better jobs and greater social cohesion .
We are particularly concerned that there should be no human casualties and we are particularly concerned about the civilian population in Iraq .
That would have played right into the hands of all those who take pleasure in highlighting Europe 's inability to cope with crucial situations .
The European Council also concluded that considerable progress had been made with the Lisbon agenda , now entering its fourth year .
The European Council set four priorities : to raise employment and social cohesion is the first priority .
The third priority is to strengthen the single market and connect Europe .
At this point , ladies and gentlemen , I should like to say that , as the conclusions show , considerable progress has been made with the Lisbon strategy during the Greek Presidency .
In 2003 , the European Union will have streamlined key policy coordination instruments .
The Council took a series of decisions in specific sectors , such as employment and modernising the European social model .
The Council also touched on all the other sectors which constitute the Lisbon strategy : knowledge , innovation , entrepreneurship , competitiveness , and set certain deadlines for completing various reforms .
Finally , I should like to mention that it laid down substantive regulations on safety at sea in the wake of the Prestige accident .
It is a known fact that all the Member States of the European Union demanded the disarmament of Iraq and the destruction of any weapons of mass destruction it may have had .
It would therefore have been pointless for the Presidency to hope that the differences which have emerged over all the past few months would be overcome at the Council .
At the beginning , this effort was met with doubt .
Another point was the need to reinvigorate the Middle East Peace Process , our determination to strengthen the common foreign and defence policy and the importance of the transatlantic partnership .
The impasse was also clear .
Perhaps some people would have preferred to widen the gap , to add more fuel to the fire ?
Is the Union of Europe split at the moment ?
It is therefore a symbol of the efforts being made to create a balanced Euro-Atlantic relationship in which Europe maintains its independence , takes special initiatives and has its own role .
This presupposes that the United Nations , through its institutions , will issue the main guidelines on what is to happen after the war in Iraq .
But that is not strictly true .
And there are also divisions in other sectors .
That is why its development is a challenge , a challenge to think , to apply our knowledge and experience and work for a prosperous , secure future .
The United Nations have not yet managed to become a convincing , efficient institution , even though they are charged with addressing issues which are vital to the global community .
And it will be some time before they do .
Europe 's ability to participate and influence a multipolar world must be kept alive with initiatives , cooperation and a belief in our common future .
All these institutional factors have been seriously damaged and are being severely tested , in such a way that their future , or at least their ability to play their particular role in international events efficiently , still hangs in the balance ; they have to face up to a great many unpleasant truths both now and in the long term , the most important of which , of course , is the fact that the authority and the very essence of the UN have been undermined and those who favour unilateralism and high-handedness over logic and legality when acting to resolve what are doubtless very real problems have left its principles and rules in tatters .
Mr President , Mr President of the Commission , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , ladies and gentlemen , as the President-in-Office pointed out , the purpose of the spring Councils is to examine and promote the European economy .
And however much our foreign policy divides us at the moment , our economic policy is equally well able to unite us .
Those who supported the Lisbon strategy for regenerating the European economy were right about one thing .
That is precisely where we stand at the moment .
Ladies and gentlemen , I would like to thank you for your speeches .
But what is the presidency 's role ?
The role of the presidency is to try and marry differing opinions and to follow the rules in order to bring about a result in the form of a unanimous or majority opinion .
And that is what the Presidency is working at , because otherwise it will end up with precisely the opposite of what it is supposed to achieve : division .
This is unprecedented and is the outcome of serious effort in the foreign policy sector .
There are several other examples of the really creative presence of the European Union I could mention .
And we failed to unite our position on the basic , moral issue of war or peace .
We have failed to do so on numerous other issues .
I agree - and this is my third point , because I have heard numerous opinions which are just not realistic - with what Mr Cohn-Bendit said , that compromises are needed .
And , of course , we must not forget the peace process in the Middle East and the importance of transatlantic relations .
If we simply say that the Union is out of its depth and we throw