has said , at this point , the only possibility is to bring an action before the British legal authorities , but not before the Institutions of the European Union .
The British courts themselves are their only chance of success ; in fact I believe actions have already been brought before those courts .
The Commissioner , who is here today , is well aware that the budget surplus — what a budget surplus you achieved when you were responsible for finance in Ireland , Mr McCreevy ... it makes us jealous ... — is well aware that the quality of public finances makes a contribution to confidence when it comes to promoting economic growth and job creation ; that is what the European Union needs at the moment and that is what we aspire to .
The Council must do it , the Commission must do it and Parliament must do it .
That makes no sense mathematically .
With regard to the financial perspectives , and since we are in a Parliament , I would like to inform you that the Constitution grants this Parliament the power of codecision over agricultural spending , a power that we do not have at the moment .
Firstly , I would like to acknowledge that the Luxembourg Presidency set very high standards with the decisions of the Development Council in May ; let us hope that the British Presidency understands that these decisions provide a good launching pad for promoting its action over these six months .
Europe , Prime Minister , is not the problem , it is the solution .
Mr President , I would like firstly to congratulate the two rapporteurs , Mr Lauk and Mr Maaten , on the excellent work they have done on their respective reports .
It has been said that , during the two referenda held in France and in the Netherlands , some of the criticisms of the ‘no’ camp treated Brussels as a kind of ‘scapegoat’ .
Next week we will debate the proposed recommendations adopted a few days ago by the Commission in the Ecofin Council with regard to Italy ; in the coming weeks we will do so in relation to Portugal and before the end of the year we will do so with regard to other countries : some of the founding countries of the European Union and also some of the new member countries of the Union .
We have learnt a lot since the nineties : we can and we must communicate this experience to the authorities of the countries which will eventually join the euro zone and we can use these successive enlargements of the euro zone to explain to all of the European citizens , of the new and of the old member countries , the great advantages of the euro , and dispel some of the false ideas expressed about our single currency .     Mr President , President Trichet , Commissioner Almunia , ladies and gentlemen , I welcome the Annual Report of the European Central Bank as a demonstration of transparency , and its presentation and debate in Parliament as an exercise in democratic responsibility .
Mr President , in one of the first speeches , Mr Klinz said that the introduction of the euro has been a success , and I share that view , as Mr Klinz and this Parliament are well aware , but I also share the concern of those people who have said during the debate that we must continue to adopt clear decisions and guidelines to ensure that it continues to be a success , because it is important to us , both as citizens and as defenders of the project of European integration .
Naturally , the citizens ’ opinion of the economic situation , their confidence in it and in political and economic leaders goes much further than simply whether or not there has been abuse in the rounding up of certain prices .
We are talking about linoleum floors with these effects .
We are talking about the fight against poverty .
These companies are under threat , as are those being developed in Poland and in all the enlargement countries .
And this Directive is going to create restrictions and many obstacles to true innovation within this continent called Europe .
We must take enormous care not to confuse the two things and as a result prevent the exercise or development of creativity by computer .
Finally , we suggest that the regulation we are debating today should not prevent the Council from extending the application of the Cohesion Fund , on an annually-decreasing basis during 2007-2013 , to Member States whose wealth exceeds 90 % of the European average , not because they have experienced positive developments in their economic growth , but because of the simple statistical effect of the incorporation into the union of new Member States with below average GDP.
If we had to wait until spring next year for the Council to reach an agreement , the Commission would not be able to go ahead with the first payments until 2009 , which would be dramatic for the cohesion policy in general and in particular for the new Member States , to whom the United Kingdom has always expressed its commitment .
I am therefore pleased that the need to seek a political solution for those countries which will be excluded in the future has been recognised .
To express our regret at accidents and to pay tribute to the victims is of little use .
However , as those who have been governing for some time are well aware , nothing exists unless it is in the budgets .
My group is in favour of the fleet being able to continue with the process of renovation and modernisation , provided that it does not mean an increase in capacity