For example , might not the verifiers sent to Kosovo end up as hostages ?
However , as the Commissioner just mentioned , most of the progress made has evaporated in just a few weeks , following a crisis which was probably partly exaggerated , causing a panic reaction .
The joint resolution takes this approach and is a positive step which will have a calming effect and spread confidence in those markets most affected by the crisis .
What the Commissioner neglected to mention was that in the meantime the European Union , its institutions , and almost all the Member States have failed to become involved in the debate and consequently in providing solutions , maintaining a silence which has baffled everyone , our Latin American partners most of all .
Of course , for us , this new vision of a globalised world economy must be subject to certain restrictions imposed by the values of democracy , solidarity and social cohesion .
We would urge the Council to make every effort to further the processes now in place for progressive and reciprocal trade liberalisation .
To date , the attempt to open up to the outside world had proved successful when coupled with good access to foreign markets .
Firstly , the process of internationalisation and opening up the markets on a world scale must not be jeopardised and , secondly , genuine economic , social and political stability must be guaranteed .
We are not alarmist .
The outlook is far from bright for this region , which should be very dear to us in Europe for historical and cultural reasons .
We are in favour of social adjustment which takes the human factor into account , but we know that if the economy is disregarded , costs will spiral and benefits vanish .
Fear , particularly financial fear , comes free of charge .
I stress the need for swift and decisive action , because we need to move quickly to prevent the crisis spreading across Latin America and resulting in the withdrawal of foreign capital and a regional recession .
Not only do they not enjoy any budgetary advantages , but they do not benefit either from the preferential trading treatment granted , for example , to the countries of the Lomé Convention .
No account is taken of the new agreements with Chile , Mexico and Mercosur , of the challenges next year 's Rio summit will present , or of the current crisis affecting the economies of Latin America .
In the present situation , prudent handling of the reserves alone will not suffice to save us from such consequences .
We should be aware of the dangers of the possible use of this clause as a means of discriminatory restriction .
Our citizens will then be able to shop around in an open market and make a choice which is in their own best interest , not that of the insurance undertakings .
There is a reason for this which is that dozens of Spaniards were among the many people murdered during the Pinochet regime ; it is estimated that over 3 000 people were murdered during that black period in the history of the delightful country of Chile .
He was going to work as an international civil servant .
Therefore , I presume that nobody in this House will oppose a request for collaboration , too , with the justice system of the Government of the United Kingdom , that nobody will oppose our stating and repeating the principle of non-interference in the course of justice , and that , equally , nobody will have anything against our restating our support for the democratic institutions of Chile in the process of consolidating the rule of law .
Pinochet 's criminal activities knew no bounds ; he respected neither human rights nor democratic legality and he disregarded all forms of extraterritorial status .
It is to be hoped that this signal will help the Chilean people to complete their process of democratization .
The memory of these names will , I believe , prompt all of us to condemn what took place during those years in Chile .
Mr President , I had the honour of meeting the constitutional President of Chile , Salvador Allende , in person , and even in my own modest way to participate in negotiations that were initiated , during the first Chilean stage , by him .
Those of us who have lived through and have on occasion been required to participate in a difficult political transition are well aware that each country has its rules , its needs and its problems .
The European judicial area , which is effectively being inaugurated with this case , could not have a better beginning .
General Pinochet has ultimate responsibility for a dictatorial regime that killed , tortured and led to the disappearance of thousands of people .
I also hope that there will be maximum collaboration between the Spanish and British Governments in the event that the judicial authorities do submit an extradition request .
Consequently , we support the establishment of the International Criminal Court and , for this reason , our resolutions all maintain the precept that crimes against humanity are never prescribed .
Parliament takes the side of the citizens , those who were defeated and humiliated , those who must always give in and those who now , finally , are catching sight of justice - not vengeance -, those who even now in Chile can still not openly express their joy at Pinochet 's arrest for fear of the same old diehards .
It is up to these families and friends to pardon those involved , if that is what they wish to do .
Therefore , it is important to state - and Parliament should certainly do so loudly and clearly - that