Numerous studies have revealed that workers are constantly at risk as things stand .
The tenor of Amendment No 1 is somewhat disturbing .
Society only ends up footing the bill - not to mention the cost in terms of human misery .
It is Union policy , after all , to apply the precautionary principle .
Madam President , nuclear power is an outmoded energy technology .
The problem of the final disposal of nuclear waste has not been resolved .
Sweden - and other countries which , thanks to their research effort , now have sophisticated disposal methods - cannot be allowed to become dumps for the whole of Europe 's reactor waste .
I agree with most of what is said about research , preventive measures , health protection , transparency , contact with the public and the export of decommissioning know-how to the Central and Eastern European countries .
The Euratom Treaty will need to be wound up in the foreseeable future and transformed into a treaty for the development of renewable and environmentally friendly energy sources .
Mountains cover one quarter of the EU 's surface area .
Soil quality is poor in these areas , and very few people live there .
Often , people farm only part-time , because they cannot earn a living from the land alone .
Yet these environments are unique , with rich biological diversity .
Yet it is not enough simply to acknowledge the need for sign language .
The first step is to increase the numbers of trained sign-language teachers and interpreters .
Such a requirement should , I believe , be included in TV companies ' licence agreements .
With a little help and encouragement from the Commission , let us hope that more Member States will recognise sign language , promote the use of signing during TV programmes and televised debates , and train more teachers and interpreters .
I am sure that the messages brought great comfort , and now our thoughts should be with the survivors , both the young people who still live near the scene of the fire and their parents .
I should like to know why the Commission did not mention in the summary it is preparing that Estonia had abolished capital punishment ?
Mr President , Parliament 's proposal to extend the scope of the directive to include primary agricultural products is a welcome move .
Mrs Roth-Behrendt , like the ambitious politician that she is , has used the occasion to include some other issues in her report .
We support the proposal to raise the total amount of liability from ECU 70 million to ECU 140 million , as stated in the final amendment .
On the other hand , we do not really know how such a change will affect the industry .
Neither of these proposals has been adequately explored in the Roth-Behrendt report .
We shall then be able to discuss it again in the House .
There are four particular areas I should like to highlight .
In particular , I think that the natural time to start teaching entrepreneurial skills is at primary and secondary school level .
I share Mr Castagnetti 's view that too much attention has been focused on EUROPASS Training at the expense of the European pathways .
( The President cut the speaker off )
It is not their content that is in dispute , but the way in which they have been administered .
Since the MED programmes were last examined , new facts have come to light .
Yet the Commission has still not produced the information we asked for initially - and which we need in order to fulfil our remit as a supervisory body for the EU.
People could end up thinking that the Commission has something to hide .
This is the last chance for the Commission .
Firstly , it is common knowledge that any real semblance of control over movements of goods around the Union has gone , demonstrating that the much trumpeted vision of a Europe without frontiers is a dangerous illusion .
We therefore need effective controls for goods and persons at the EU 's national frontiers .
Ordinary citizens , as well as journalists , have a right to consult documents and paperwork produced by public authorities .
Lastly , the EU now boasts three groupings operating in the field of police cooperation : Schengen , Interpol and Europol .
Democratic societies do indeed have a duty to make maximum efforts to combat organised crime and corruption in all their guises .
I also have reservations about the widespread use of global interception systems .
I agree on the role of civil society and the importance of setting long-term targets , and transparency and public accountability are essential in this context .
Mrs Cederschiöld talks about combating crime at European level , but we know that organised crime reaches beyond the frontiers of Europe .
Now , nearly all of us make use of it every day .
Wherever in the world we happen to be , there is a good chance that we will be able to follow the news and keep ourselves up to date .
This might sound exaggerated , but I believe that the Internet will one day go down in history books alongside Gutenberg 's printing press .
There appeared to be some reticence in the beginning , but I sense that both the Commission and the Council have now been won over .
I should like to congratulate Mr Schmid on his fine report .
I would encourage the Commission to pursue the matter and exploit the possibilities offered by the Treaty of Amsterdam .
Copyright too will need protecting .
Equally , society has a duty to intervene where necessary .
The US is also putting obstacles in the way of trade .
My name is not on the attendance