Then the Member States will need to reform their administrations and regulations , which are often the real obstacle preventing these projects from being implemented .
The main priority is to give shape to the future of the enlarged Union .
The proposals presented on economic matters concentrated on the Lisbon strategy , on completion of the single market , on research and on trans-European networks .
Lastly , we have conducted an initial evaluation of the internal reforms that have modernised our financial and personnel management .
The serious irregularities in past management of the Union’s statistical office , Eurostat , have given us much food for thought and led us to re-examine the situation , which has resulted in our proposing a plan of action that I would now like to outline to you .
It does not contain anything new which might alter my analysis .
However , this same Eurostat case is an illustration of just how necessary it was , particularly as regards matters such as mobility for sensitive posts , segregation of operational duties and control duties and the establishment of an internal auditor .
Secondly , I would also like to respond to another question thrown up by the Eurostat affair .
Clearly , the idea is not to carry out additional investigations or to usurp the role of the policy-makers or administrators , who will continue to be responsible for keeping a close watch on management and responding appropriately to the information and investigation reports they receive .
It is in complete charge of the decisions it takes in the course of its operational activities .
That is still my objective .
There might be a case here for reassigning to Commission departments certain horizontal tasks that are unrelated to investigations .
Light will also have to be shed on the question of ultimate responsibility for decisions taken .
Mr President , I began my address by stressing the major challenges that lie before us in 2004 .
We must not forget that Commissioners also serve as the face of Europe with regard to public opinion in their countries of origin , and this will be even more important for the citizens of the new Member States .
Clearly , therefore , discussions must start right now if all the instruments are to be operational by the end of 2006 .
Against such a backdrop , the Commission is aware that it acts as a point of reference providing the system with continuity , stability and dynamism .
Finally , next year will see the start of the negotiations for the definition of the next Financial Perspective , which will be decisive in orienting European Union policy in the coming years .
The dialogue between the Commission , on the one hand , and the Council and Parliament , on the other , which was initiated on the basis of the Commission Communication on Annual Policy Strategy , makes it possible for these two institutions to ensure that their point of view on the proposals put forward by the Community executive for the following year is taken into account , before the final version of the legislative and work programme is drawn up .
The decisions adopted at the December Summit will , to a certain extent , reflect the priorities established by the Commission and will , therefore , be able to help us achieve the objectives set for 2004 .
As regards enlargement , the December European Council will be called upon , first and foremost , to evaluate the progress achieved in the negotiations with Bulgaria and Romania , on the basis of the reports and strategy papers presented recently by the Commission , and thus to establish the timescale for the conclusion of the membership negotiations with these two countries .
The Middle East is a daily reminder that one of the reasons that peace and democracy now seem increasingly distant possibilities is the international community’s inability to achieve genuine cohesion .
The environmental dimension continues to do a disappearing act at the crucial moments where existing practice and instruments are concerned .
A few months ago , President Prodi , we proposed the launch of a Climate Stability Pact , but I am afraid that we have not received any response .
Lastly , a couple of months have passed since the failure of Cancún , yet we have absolutely no idea what conclusions and what lines of action the Commission intends to follow , and there is no link with the Millennium Goals either , Commissioner Lamy .
We would remind you , however , President Prodi , that transparency is a good way not just of combating fraud but of preventing it too , and it is my genuine hope that , next year , in welcoming the new Members with open , transparent institutions as well as open arms , we will be able to put the events of recent years behind us .
I am quoting Dante , and , much as it pains me , I feel that the quotation is appropriate .
Every day , in the face of events in Vietnam , Cambodia and throughout the world , we , and Mr Solana and others , as in the case of the former Yugoslavia , essentially side with Milosevic against those fighting for democracy .
Just this morning , the fact that the most serious incidents took place before 1999 was stressed once again .
Are we really to believe that nobody noticed anything , despite the fact that rumours , faxes and emails on unlawful gains and fake contracts were flying around the Commission departments ?
It is therefore an institution which has a watchdog role and which cannot afford to be associated with even the remotest doubt or suspicion regarding its impartiality or authority of the kind currently surrounding it .
On the other hand ,