Affairs has discussed the budget in detail and has tried to come up with some improvements for payments under the Social Fund and in the other social items .
We have of course not been able to investigate this matter , and even when it was discussed in the committee this aspect of Leonardo was not on the agenda .
To give discharge or not to give discharge , that is the question , and it is a very interesting one at that .
The flow of information from the Commission to the Committee on Budgets during the discharge procedure must be considerably improved if the discharge is to be meaningful , and I think we need to work towards an interinstitutional agreement to be able to deal with the discharge properly .
It may be postponed , but it cannot be refused .
Would the Commission regard this as a motion of no confidence , or would it simply disregard it ?
Of the points made in the report , I think that the most important are the ones relating to the personal interests of officials and , secondly , the organisation of the Commission itself .
Our responsibility as representatives of the European Parliament is at stake here .
Giving discharge would be circumventing a number of reasons which Parliament gave earlier for not granting discharge .
Clearly everyone must take his or her own responsibility here and now .
The latter , I think .
I regret the fact that it has put both amounts in the reserve , but fortunately , thanks to our intervention , the Committee on Budgets is to take the amount for consumer policy out of the reserve again , and the legal basis for this is expected shortly .
They were intended , as we saw it , to get negotiations going , and as such they succeeded .
These are very worrying figures , and a number of other northern European countries are in the same position .
Parliament , far from being a spending Parliament , has proved to be responsible .
So my main point is that on the question of the interinstitutional agreement - the new interinstitutional agreement in particular - the next Parliament must be much more careful to see what will happen .
Therefore I think we have reached an armistice , rather than that the battle is won .
But has Parliament actually achieved anything ?
Some flexibility is needed in fleshing out each year 's budgetary priorities , but this can be done without transferring funds between the various headings , which so many people have been calling for .
An agreement was once reached between our two institutions that the European Commission should consult the European Parliament before fixing its political priorities .
Mr Santer , you made a very severe speech today and implied that something is wrong between our two institutions .
You have made a number of proposals that I agree with .
I wonder whether our two institutions should not have clearer agreements here .
Now that we have finally succeeded in making employment a top priority , I have the impression that it has become the only issue in the social field .
I wish you every success with this .
Mr President , publicity for the euro is bearing fruit .
Equally questionable are the settlement rates which the banks will be charging each other .
My question to the Commissioner is this : can the Commissioner say whether he thinks competition between the banks on their reciprocally agreed rates is guaranteed ?
The problem is , however , that most countries have not yet taken a decision on that .
This will as far as possible ease the burden on the retail trade and small businesses .
A crisis affecting one region cannot be resolved through national policy .
Firstly , Member States can take their own precautionary measures , as the social partners have done in Finland .
A major fear in the past , that a stabilisation mechanism of this kind might conflict with the stability pact , has now been allayed .
The other side is that responsibility lies primarily with the policy pursued by the national Member States , and those national states must continue to pay for it .
Mr President , during the May part-session , Parliament adopted seven amendments at first reading .
In particular , the conditions which firms must fulfil if they are to use the simplified procedures on safety are crucial .
Parliament is forced to accept this , but is launching its own inquiry into the reasons for this almost intolerable delay .
Last week the Council working party responsible discussed the amendments and I gather , Mr President , that it may be possible to avoid a conciliation procedure .
They have now changed that .
I should like to be sure that the Commissioner will pass this message on to his officials .
It is still possible to fish with drift nets in the North Sea and the Baltic .
Naturally , Mr President , my group stands fully behind the rapporteur Mr Souchet and the amendments tabled by the Committee on Fisheries .
This willingness to compromise is a sine qua non for renewing and strengthening the contract which unites our countries and through them the peoples of the European Union .
They were motivated by a broad vision of Europe .
This important project heralds a new phase for Europe 's presence on the world stage and for a true political union .
The questions of the Community 's finances and how to share the burden were too difficult and were therefore shelved .
The President of the European Parliament said in his speech in Vienna that the EU had created a further 1.7 million jobs .
On the contrary , the presidency has been a good intermediary and has operated intelligently in many areas