of the least-developed countries , on encouraging the cultivation of farm produce to replace drug crops and on the use of products to replace drug consumption .
Given the prospect of the forthcoming meeting in Vienna , the European Parliament should not send a single sign of hesitancy , of weakness , or of retreating .
.
( PT ) Of course we do not dispute the need for the citizens of the various countries that make up the EU to be better informed about the policies that are promoted in their countries and , it goes without saying , about the consequences of these policies .
Furthermore , I must comment on the way in which the Office of the European Commission in Portugal carries out its business , undertaking initiatives on important issues being debated in the EU , whilst discriminating against those who , like us , take a more critical view .
This is the context that forms the backdrop to the European Commission 's strategy for information and communication in the EU.
At the same time , however , such campaigns must be decentralised to national and regional level .
In fact , the well-known spreading across the European institutions of the single thought on the development of the European model weakens democratic debate , distances many citizens and narrows Europe 's horizons .
We call for peace and cooperation , not war .
( PT ) In reworking the underhand method of imposing European centralism , the rapporteur has chosen - even though he denies this - to disregard the current historical situation , straying from the divergent interests of the Member States with regard to the ESDP and far exceeding commitments given voluntarily , at the Helsinki European Council of 1999 in particular .
I have therefore voted against the report .
Once Cuban music , symbolised by Compay Segundo , Ibrahim Ferrer and their Buena Vista Social Club , was liberated we thought that we would also see the liberation of the spoken word - poetry -embodied by Raúl Rivero , a great poet who has been sentenced to twenty years in prison .
All dictatorships are intrinsically evil .
I am talking about moral and political isolation .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the only thing worse than a dictator is an unrepentant dictator and the only thing worse than an unrepentant dictator is an unrepentant dictator who is also an opportunist .
We cannot abandon our Cuban brothers and sisters to their fate and we must show that awarding the Sakharov Prize serves some purpose .
This is important and is to be welcomed but it is not enough .
I know that Commissioner Bolkestein is not the commissioner responsible for this dossier and I do not , therefore , expect him to give me a definitive answer .
We cannot continue to pursue a policy as if the facts remained the same when they have suddenly changed .
It would give credibility to environmental legislators , increase protection of the citizens and would send a clear message to economic operators that polluting does not pay .
Thirdly , I feel it is unacceptable for oil pollution in maritime transport and radioactive pollution caused by nuclear reactors to be excluded from the directive 's scope .
We all remember what happened with the emissions trading directive : many people tried to prevent it being adopted because some States had voluntary agreements in place with industry .
( PT ) I congratulate the rapporteur on the fine proposals he makes in his report , the aptness of which has been confirmed by the support given to them by the European Parliament delegation to the conciliation process .
For its part , the reporting system on which this new proposal for a directive is based has greater potential in terms of the quantity of data it can provide .
This is an instrument of the utmost importance , which has been lacking .
( PT ) I agree with the approach pursued by the rapporteur who , having decided not to draw up a report for second reading , has accepted without amendment the Council 's common position on statistics on income and living conditions in the EU.
.
.
The ultimate aim remains , therefore , that of meeting the needs of the single European market in the energy sector .
The EU must , therefore , propose new mechanisms to preserve and develop the strategic shipbuilding sector , through a genuine Community programme that promotes research and vocational training and which takes account of the priorities of modernising the Community fleet , ship repairs , maritime transport and fisheries .
It is an accepted fact that social and environmental responsibility increase competitiveness .
( PT ) This report is simply an enormous cosmetic and marketing operation designed to favour employers at European level , as a result both of the deliberate intentions of the entire process and of the EU 's economic and social guidelines , which seek to promote the deregulation of the economy , in particular in the labour market , through wage flexibility and job instability .
( PT ) I broadly agree with the report , although I believe that the case for creating a European Intelligent Energy Agency - one of the solutions suggested by the rapporteur for increasing energy efficiency and the use of renewable sources of energy - remains to be proven .
( PT ) I broadly share the rapporteur 's concerns with regard to the need to promote the rational use of energy and to the strategic preference for non-polluting forms of energy .
I have therefore voted in favour of the report .
The European Commission has moved in this direction , with its proposal , as has the rapporteur , with his suggestions .
