the peace concert in Sarajevo , and worked to ensure that culture and the development of culture featured in our Treaties .
Mr President , I believe I speak for many other Members as I put the following question , which I hope the Commission can respond to .
The Commission itself is primarily responsible for the events which have taken place , but the governments of the Member States must bear a share of the blame as they have failed to allocate adequate resources to the Commission since the end of 1994 .
The Committee of Independent Experts has identified some irregularities for which it holds certain Commissioners responsible .
If the people of Europe cannot trust the institutions that represent the European venture , they will no longer support it .
In the eyes of the people , the Commission should embody the values of transparency and responsibility .
Mr President-in-Office , we trust you will choose wisely .
Accepting collective responsibility , the Commission then resigned .
The task would have to be delegated to the new incoming Parliament .
Nevertheless , I think we should pay tribute to the former Commission , which is still in place in a caretaker capacity .
Secondly , it is vital for the Berlin European Council to set out clearly the timetable and procedure to be followed .
Madam President , I am sure we are all aware that the present situation is without precedent in the history of the Union .
The resignation of the Commission ought to serve as a catalyst for the much-needed institutional reform .
The Commission 's annual report concerns the issue of monitoring the application of Community law .
Mr Anastassopoulos referred to a representative from a country in Eastern Europe , and I remember him saying to me : ' Mrs Palacio , you require us to incorporate the acquis communautaire , but you are constantly changing it ' .
All this needs to be harmonised , so we must make a special effort to ensure that the end product can be understood by everyone , as Mrs Thors says .
I believe she has carried out very useful work on both the subjective and the objective and circumstantial aspects of the directive .
As far as compensation is concerned , the sum of EUR 70 million referred to earlier seems insignificant set against the whole economy of the Union .
Indeed , globalisation must not be allowed to get out of control as we are currently witnessing , particularly in the financial sector .
Our involvement in development aid should also be highlighted .
Clear criteria on the creation of an Economic Security Council are therefore needed , as is a common European position on the composition of such a council .
Environmental considerations must feature prominently in this process , particularly sustainable development , as it is one of the distinguishing features of the European Union .
International procedures must be democratised and socialised .
It does exist in theory but is often ignored .
It is nothing new , as it was discussed previously in connection with the budget for 1999 , and it involves the relationship between commitments and payment appropriations .
Secondly , I am sure the House agrees that the budget must be rigorous , Mr Bourlanges .
It complements a Member State 's budget , but should not be compared to it .
This certainly does not mean that the European Parliament will fail to act and cooperate responsibly during the financial year in order to smooth the path of the euro for the Member States .
The potential dangers of the crisis do not lie in the resignation itself , nor even in the reasons for it , but in what could follow , depending on how the Council chooses to deal with the situation .
A strong and effective Commission is most certainly needed and it must be appointed according to the provisions laid down in the Treaty of Amsterdam , that is to say , it must enjoy democratic credibility .
It could not be any more complex .
The Treaty of Amsterdam is clearly our legal framework , but we must take it as far as we can in terms of the legal scope it offers .
We want to put an end to discrimination and we hope that a sense of European citizenship can be developed .
Mr President , it is not easy to round off this debate as the most important issues have already been discussed repeatedly .
It is Parliament 's responsibility to defend it as far as possible .
This must be resolved so that it does not appear as if this is our position on Eurodac.
We are making too great a fuss over something that will provide very few results .
I do not feel that this is the right time for it , nor is it the right time for the Commission 's proposal .
Madam President , Commissioner , Mr Cox , as we said before when discussing this report , our position has not altered since Mr Cox 's position has not altered in his report .
Moreover , there is no certainty as to the fiscal neutrality of the rules , or at least we have not been able to find it anywhere .
As a result , Mr Cox , we will maintain the same position tomorrow as we did a few weeks ago , since , as far as we can see , the substance of your report has not changed in any way and , therefore , the Commission proposal has not been altered .
We all enjoy coming to Strasbourg , but we would like to see a return to the previous standard of services .
Sales of these products outside the Community have increased thanks to ad hoc methods of promotion .
