I would appreciate it if that aspect were also covered in the reports of the Commission , for it is ludicrous to exert constant pressure for low wage rises under collective agreements and to say nothing about the rampant growth in wealth at the top .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to place this report in a somewhat wider context .
In short , I am very happy indeed with Mrs Van Lancker 's report .
Europe is trying to coordinate .
If the Commissioner can now tell us what he intends to do , I shall at least be able to give a little hope to my commuting constituency to whom , if I may say so , the European ideal is of such vital significance .
I wonder whether the Commission is prepared to support a new initiative on these lines or to develop it from scratch , since cases of this kind are now making much more headway through the Court of Justice .
These frontier workers are victimized by that situation , for various Member States , primarily the Netherlands - and we have to put the Netherlands in the dock over this - but various Member States have developed the habit of penalizing socially people from across the border who come to work in their countries .
We have been arguing about a legal basis , but I think there is a satisfactory solution for that .
Few alternatives are available .
These are very important developments .
The costs of the market organization for potato starch are being kept under control .
The free market in this product works satisfactorily .
Let me run through five or six points that have arisen out of this .
If we now embark on setting up even more rules and obligations , we must look at these aspects .
That can sometimes be a problem .
Amendment No 4 says that we should not only publish in the Official Journal of the European Communities .
That way I think we maintain speed in the whole process .
Madam President , on page 6 of yesterday 's Minutes it says that I asked to make a personal statement .
Once there is a statute based on equality , Madam President , the rules for travel and subsistence expenses can also be changed .
But Mr Martens , he is hardly here , he does not know all about it yet .
What I am equally disappointed about is that the predicted effects of a steeply ageing population are not considered .
But I no longer know whether that is the right name , and whether since the merging with everything related to the Allianza Nazionale and so on , there will merely be one group here in this Chamber as far as cooperation is concerned .
We in the Group of the European People 's Party would greatly appreciate it if we had a little bit more time to talk about the agenda .
Mr President , if this might lead to problems as far as translating is concerned ; they are extremely simple amendments .
With these proposals , operational agreements are being made about how the democracy clause should be used , and on the basis of which criteria .
In these kinds of situations public pressure from Europe 's representative body is needed .
The rapporteur rightly asks for this in her report , of which I greatly approve .
I agree with Mr Bertens : it is not good enough yet , but it is a start .
Mr President , this is becoming monotonous , but I am also very grateful to the rapporteur , Mr Trakatellis , for this excellent report .
The competent authorities will rightly be allowed to intervene when they have indications that the risk assessment is no longer adequate .
According to my assessment , this leads to a downward pressure on the containment level .
Mr President , the entire leghold trap affair is becoming increasingly ridiculous .
The European Parliament has repeatedly pointed out that the 1991 regulation , which totally prohibits the use of the leghold trap , must be implemented .
For some years the cereal growers had been used to the market price being higher than the EU intervention price .
But things might turn out differently for 1999 .
First of all , the des Places report is not taking place under the most favourable circumstances , as far as prices for farmers are concerned .
We will vote in two ways .
Secondly , we must prepare for the coming WTO negotiations .
Thirdly , we must prepare for the accession of the central and eastern European countries .
I believe this policy is not controversial , and we also support it .
This can be an effective new market for agricultural products .
The Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development has yet to work out this horizontal problem together with the Committee on Budgets .
Moreover , this offers a better guarantee that EU farmers will not be saddled with more rules and bureaucracy .
They also give a certain type of aid .
As far back as 1995 , the World Bank condemned the European banana policy .
This proposal has also been adopted by Mr Thomas in his report .
There are a great many diverging interests in this sector .
The liberal banana import system of the new Member States will be integrated politically even further into the considerably less liberal EU system .
I therefore hope that this Parliament will once again speak with one voice .
They should benefit to an optimum level from the European research funds .
Mr President , it is essential that Europe 's competitiveness is increased , that the social issues in this area are resolved , and that the Council is