The Presidency will present an agreement on principles covering five major elements , namely , the scope of the External Action Service 's activities , its legal position , its staffing and financing and the EU delegations .
The Member States and the Commission also agree that the legal status of the External Action Service should reflect and support the unique role , sui generis , that it has within the EU system .
All of these categories of personnel are to be entitled to take office on equal terms .
The EU delegations will be placed under the authority of the High Representative as soon as the Treaty of Lisbon has entered into force .
I am sure that close contact with the European Parliament will also be fostered at the level of the officials .
Of course , the High Representative has not yet been appointed , so these ideas are still just ideas , that is all .
It is a cornerstone of EU foreign policy , founded on the values of freedom , democracy and respect for human rights and international law , which is something that unites us .
These are two important opportunities to strengthen our relations .
We must work together with the American administration to achieve a comprehensive , globally binding agreement in Copenhagen .
Very close cooperation will be needed in order to follow up the agreements that we reached at the G20 summit and to restore confidence in the financial markets .
We are also cooperating on energy issues , which is something that needs to be strengthened now , and we hope to be able to establish a special energy council between the EU and the US at ministerial level .
We hope that this can be reflected in a new joint declaration on non-proliferation and disarmament in connection with the summit in November .
The Swedish Presidency is very pleased to have the opportunity to represent the EU.
That will give us a forum for cooperation , where we can deal with issues relating to globalisation and rapid technical changes .
For a while now , we have had cooperation with the United States in this area , which is reflected in a number of agreements on extradition and mutual legal assistance which will enter into force in a few months .
We often discuss this with the European Parliament , which I know is an active and committed partner on these matters - often a critical partner , too , which is a good thing .
We are currently working on what is referred to as the Washington Statement , which will describe the situation with regard to legal and domestic policy issues and the cooperation in this area between the EU and the US.
We are , of course , interested in cooperating in all areas that constitute a threat to these common values .
An important example is the agreement on airline passenger data .
This all requires joint and , to a certain degree , coordinated efforts .
Seminars are being planned to bring the players involved closer together and to help them monitor the implementation .
The fight against cross-border crime and terrorism often requires the exchange of personal data which , to some degree , forces us to make certain concessions with regard to fundamental freedoms and rights .
We need to cooperate with one another in connection with the damage that could be done to critical infrastructure in the event of a natural disaster or a terrorist attack or attacks on our information systems .
We are determined to promote these principles throughout the world .
The various measures within this cooperation can complement each other .
It is in our interests to take up this offer of working to safeguard our values and our interests in a constructive dialogue , a cooperation which will hopefully lead to some tangible results in the future .
I think that we have done our homework and we are very well prepared to take some important steps .
We have a number of problems in common with our partner , the US , and it is therefore appropriate to find common solutions .
We also understand the importance of discussing important regional issues - Afghanistan , Pakistan and the Middle East , for example .
With regard to the so-called Tobin tax , I know that there are Members of this House who strongly support this .
With regard to SWIFT , we are in agreement with the US on the importance of being able to exchange information on financial transfers .
Experts have looked into this , including the French judge , Jean-Louis Bruguyère , who was asked by the EU to inspect the TFTP.
I believe that we can make progress , resolve some issues and get some important processes off the ground relating to those matters that we have in common and need to resolve in a close and strategic partnership with the American administration .
Measures in this area fall primarily within national competence and the Community can only support and complement the work done by the Member States .
There was a high level of participation .
In the draft conclusions , we are seeking deeper and closer cooperation within the area of healthy and dignified ageing , including through the exchange of information between the Member States .
The Commission proposed that the protection provided by this directive should be extended to a number of other areas such as social security , health care , social benefits , education , access to goods and services , housing and so on .
This proposal is currently being debated in the Council , and the European Parliament has already issued an opinion .
It was eight years ago that the Swedish-Eritrean journalist , Dawit Isaak , was captured and imprisoned in Eritrea .
He is being held in prison