policy cannot be dissociated from the common agricultural policy as a whole , nor can it stand aside from such new challenges as the fight against climate change , the need to preserve biodiversity , energy supply issues , the development of bioenergies , animal welfare , and water management in agriculture .
However , it sidesteps issues that are vital to safeguard agricultural product quality and the sustainability of agricultural production in the EU : for example , the consequences of the deregulation of world trade and the unchecked liberalisation of the markets , both within the framework of bilateral agreements and within that of the World Trade Organisation ; the various dangers inherent to the introduction of genetically modified organisms into the environment in the way that it has been done ; lastly , the need for a profound reform of the common agricultural policy that supports local protection , the right to produce and the right to food sovereignty .
I am voting in favour of this report , which introduces key issues about sustainable development and the gradual integration of African , Caribbean and Pacific countries into the global economy .
The economic and financial crisis that is devastating us has had disastrous effects in developing countries that had already been the victims of successive crises ( food , energy , climate and financial ) .
It is not enough , however .
The existing mechanisms for helping poorer countries and their populations - which are facing conditions of extreme poverty and misery - must be applied in a way that is more effective and focused .
The report under discussion tackles very important issues and makes some arguments that are correct : for example , the closing of tax have ns , the cancelling of the foreign debt of certain countries , the need for increased efforts in terms of Official Development Assistance , and a tax on financial transactions .
Also , the decision regarding the so-called right to sexual and reproductive health .
As we know , the decisions of the European Central Bank (ECB) are partly to blame for the crisis that we are experiencing .
Nonetheless , there are other aspects that merit reflection , specifically when it expresses its 'disappointment that the extra liquidity injected by the ECB did not sufficiently ease the credit crunch faced by industry , particularly small and medium-sized businesses , and was instead used by some banks to improve their margins and cover losses ' .
Even at a time of economic crisis , which is becoming much more serious in countries such as Greece , the Heads of State or Government of the euro area have reached agreement regarding financial assistance for that country .
As has rightly been said , the Treaty of Lisbon strengthens the powers of the European Parliament and introduces rules to reinforce democratic control .
The first is the idea that we reject any provisions that impose on the legislator additional obligations over and above those already included in Article 290 .
Why , though , is it time to act ?
Is that another joke ?
That is a recipe for more unemployment .
Ask the European public why things are as they are and they will look at the messenger and end up smiling , because in the end , there is no tax on a sense of humour .
It is vital to define the guidelines for cohesion policy and the financial perspective for the post-2013 period .
That pressure will be reduced through better use of Community financing and swifter delivery of those resources to the beneficiaries worst affected by the economic downturn .
Lower prices benefit consumers and , in the medium term , will lead to increased demand , but in the meantime , many producers are being badly hit .
To conclude , it is essential to ensure equality of treatment for imported agricultural materials and produce .
Since the public authorities have an obligation to compensate for the loss of revenue involved , an increase in fraud translates into greater fiscal pressure on companies which abide by tax rules .
It is particularly significant that fraud is one of the main causes of injustice within the EU , since it leads to unfair competition and an unbalanced market .
A common system of value added tax (VAT ) as regards the rules on invoicing is essential to the simplification , modernisation and harmonisation of the rules on VAT invoicing .
It points out a number of important issues that should be urgently reviewed , such as the need to enhance procurement procedures , in order to help authorising services organise tendering procedures and control adherence to regulatory obligations .
I believe it is essential for civil servants to be accountable to the general public .
The internal auditor 's report was also positive , with the majority of its recommendations having been accepted and applied in advance under several action plans .
I agree with the rapporteur in urging the Ombudsman to include in his next activity report ( for the 2009 financial year ) a chapter giving a detailed account of the follow-up during the year to Parliament 's earlier discharge decisions .
Therefore , they must objectively and rigorously account for how public funds have been used .
It is necessary to check whether Union funds are being well used , whether these institutions are meeting the objectives outlined for them , and whether any resources are being wasted .
In respect of the Centre 's activities , the Court of Auditors found that there was a certain lack of precision in the forecasts for translation requests received , which led the Centre to have an accumulated budget surplus contrary to Regulation (EC ) No 2965/94 .
That is why I voted for the report on the Translation Centre for the Bodies of the European Union .
