which must undoubtedly take place before the first enlargement .
A large part of the Council 's work concentrated on employment and launched the idea of a European employment pact .
To conclude , I will highlight an important sentence from the Vienna conclusions : 'Employment is the top priority of the European Union ... serving as the basis of the European social model ' .
Of course , not everything is perfect , but as you have just said , Chancellor , the governments are now aware of the European dimension of employment , which does not just depend on national policies .
Consequently , we are heading towards a situation that is only getting worse and that is compounded , in some way , by the quasi-colonial position of the European Union today in relation to the United States .
Our fishermen will not allow the Commission and the Council to go back on the founding principles of the common fisheries policy by basing their decisions purely on political opportunity , in order to please lobbies and fulfill selfish interests , and by abandoning the scientific bases on which their decisions had been based until now .
It would also be useful to establish an independent financial control body , as the President of the Commission promised , and we voted in favour of this .
These clubs , which bring together interested citizens from all political persuasions and backgrounds , monitor the information campaigns and suggest slight changes and modifications .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I should like to say a few words at the end of a century that has witnessed so many massacres and attempts to exterminate different peoples on the European continent .
In contrast , it is scorned by authoritarian regimes in 30 other countries , where close to 2 billion people live .
Parliament never fails to point out such shortfalls , sometimes displaying certain heavy and recurrent leanings , but also some worrying short-sightedness .
However , we must allow people to end their days with dignity and peace , through the establishment of palliative care units , through the latest methods for relieving suffering and without medical treatment .
I think , in particular , that the proposal to give immigrants the right to vote in local elections is premature , even for those with legal status or who have lived in a Member State for more than five years .
It is therefore vital for every country to show its unequivocal rejection of all cruel , inhuman and degrading treatment .
It is probably not what we would have done , but what does that matter ?
And , in addition to the many tools already available , we should question how well our societies , which are anxious to protect human rights , can withstand economic shocks , social disturbances or ideological poison that promotes exclusion , racial hatred or anti-Semitism .
But , in their struggle , they teach us about dignity .
Mr President , Commissioner , I am very honoured to be speaking to you today , as I think that the Council , the Commission and Parliament will all have to take important decisions on the subject that we are discussing .
Finally , they are people whose physical and psychological health is seriously compromised .
The first is that today there are still some Member States where consuming an illegal substance is enough to send you to prison .
We should not allow another extension of these authorisations , especially as a substitute , pentane , exists and has been used successfully in a parallel production line .
There is no legal connection between discharge and a motion of censure .
Therefore , we must have separate votes .
In fact , this amendment sought to place large sums in the reserve for categories 3 , 4 and 5 , so that Parliament would be in a better position to discuss the future institutional agreement on a new financial perspective .
I believe you were obliged to accept explanations of vote following the refusal of discharge .
They believe they are avoiding the problems in this way .
In this sense , the rotating presidency has reached a turning point at which the decision-making process is becoming more and more uncertain , whichever country holds the presidency , and whatever the Council 's political majority .
Ladies and gentlemen , this is because responding to matters of urgency is at the centre of the campaign for human rights which is being led by tens of thousands of citizens .
I can merely campaign on behalf of this , including in my own country , France .
Human rights should unite us .
However , the vote held today is of particular importance , since we are celebrating the 50th anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the 10th anniversary of the Sakharov prize , which was founded by the European Parliament .
When confirming the revelation in the Bible of the unity of mankind ( cf .
Does the fact that it is joined and supported by other countries make the confiscation less serious in some ways ?
Or Bill Clinton cavorting with tarts in hotels and hallways , wiping his secretions on dresses ?
( Mixed reactions )
And our debate reflects growing concern about the spread of the scourge of doping in a great many sporting disciplines .
The conclusions of the last European Council in Vienna are along those lines .
Sport is a school of courage and perseverance where we learn the spirit of endeavour , the taste for competition , and respect for each other .
The accounts we heard yesterday from the members of the delegation , Abu-Jamal 's lawyer , and the Amnesty International representative , make one shudder .
We must keep up the pressure