strikes a good balance between liberalisation of the market and the desire for effective protection for investors .
.
In its present form , the report will contribute to further liberalisation of the capital markets , in spite of the fact that what is most important is to restrain them .
Mr President , this disaster at the mine in Romania affects a large hydrogeological area with rivers and watercourses in Romania , Hungary , Serbia and Bulgaria , The fact that 100 000 m3 of cyanide-poisoned water and large quantities of heavy metals have leaked out into the ecosystem is going to have appalling consequences for people in the area for a very long time to come , as well as for animal and plant life , agriculture , the tourist industry , biodiversity and the whole of the ecosystem .
There must be no more manufacture or use of cyanide .
I have been informed that the Commissioner for the Environment , Margot Wallström , has travelled from Strasbourg to Romania in order to see for herself , on the spot , what has happened .
We must demand that there should be no exceptions which could jeopardise people ' s health and the ecosystems .
It is not the European Parliament ' s business to express an opinion on which factories in the European Union ' s 15 Member States are to remain in place and which are to be shut down ; to expand their work forces or reduce them ; stay in the same location or else move ; be sold or not be sold ; and , in the case of those which are to be sold , to comment on whether they are to be sold to companies within or outside Europe .
Ultimately , it is a question of different spheres of authority , where the European Parliament and its Members do not have any legal means of changing the current corporate decision or do not even have a particularly deep knowledge of the situation in the factory as it stands .
Tourism and employment Mr President , the subsidiarity principle is one of the fundamental principles underlying cooperation in the European Union .
In so far as tourism falls within the political domain , it should be at national , regional and local level .
However , such a strategy should come within the framework of environmental policy .
Mr President , the postal sector continues to be an area in which old , outdated monopolies are allowed to operate regardless of the requirements of competition .
One of the EU' s most important tenets is the need for a common internal market .
The Commission is committed to liberalisation because experience has shown that the old monopolies are unable to provide the efficient service which a modern society expects .
It can hardly be because customers are satisfied .
The Netherlands , Finland and Sweden have travelled furthest along this road .
Experience has shown that the old monopolies cannot provide the type of efficient service which , as customers , we are all entitled to expect .
That is true as long as account is taken of the 20 per cent of the total postal services market where , in practice , there is still a monopoly , that is where the state is the only player .
It is against just such a background that more and more people are calling for ...
( The speaker is interrupted by Mr Markov ) I thought I had the floor .
That is usually the case .
We are delighted about the rapid progress which has been made following the Helsinki Summit .
My friend Jacques Poos will be talking about this on behalf of my Group .
It has now reached the point where the Pentagon has prohibited American forces from returning to northern Mitrovica .
This is therefore a test of credibility for the Union ' s common foreign and security policy .
I hope that this discussion will , in the first place , concentrate upon Kosovo so that the desperate situation there might be remedied .
Therefore , the EU must also have an independent , credible conflict-prevention capacity .
How have these been organised by Mr Solana ' s office and how has the initiative been coordinated with the Commission ?
Meetings are all very well , but it is the result that counts .
These are not only of concern to the defence minister , Mr Scharping .
If we translate this number into figures for the EU countries as a whole , which is not an unreasonable thing to do if no review is to take place , we shall not have 60 000 men but , at best , 35 000 to 40 000 by the year 2003 .
My second question concerns the following matter .
Today , we are focusing upon the ways in which more women might be able to participate in the decision-making process .
Irrespective of where we are and notwithstanding our class , race or religion and whether we stay at home or go out to work , it is nonetheless a fact that , in all areas of society , the structures are such that we are thoroughly subordinate to men ( albeit with a few individual exceptions , it is perhaps best to add ) .
What has so far emerged is that the agenda has changed - and when the agenda changes , so too of course do the types of decisions made .
Being a man therefore seems , in itself , to be synonymous with maximum competence .
This is a world-wide activity which will focus upon violence against women and female poverty throughout the world .
Mr President , Minister , Commissioner , " Women are half of heaven " , a successful man once said .
