We should not perhaps attach too much importance to what has happened in those two countries .
There is nothing strange about the fact that acceptance is difficult to obtain , for we have been accustomed to using the national parliaments as the basis for our democracy , and now we suddenly have to demonstrate that there is nothing to stop our having both the national democracies and an international democracy and , above all , that they can operate in tandem .
That is what the challenge is and , in a certain sense , I think we can tell ourselves that we have perhaps been ahead of our time .
If we did not have the EU that we know today , we should have had to prepare something as a response to the global challenge .
I should therefore like to begin by saying that there are in fact two men from my group who have submitted to Parliament an appeal for equality that will also be forwarded to the President .
Next , I should like to thank the rapporteur for her brilliant report , which deals very well with an area in which some time needs to be devoted to the position of women , and I would pick up on a couple of individual points which I should like to emphasise .
Whether there is to be a supervisory body or data bank , or whatever , is less important .
The second thing is that , in my view , it is entirely right - and this is also related specifically to this appeal - that the Commissioner should ensure that women participate when the association agreements are negotiated .
When that is the case , women have already been reduced in status , and their position does not become a topic of central concern .
The third thing I should like to highlight is the issue of programmes .
It is crucially important to investigate what practical programmes we can offer to secure better education for women so that they themselves will also be in a position to do more to promote equality .
Mr President , as others have also said , this is an incredibly important report .
Nor is there any doubt that this is a European issue , which is why I also sincerely support what the rapporteur has said about open coordination being the best method of achieving progress in this area .
We must proceed with the proposal on lifelong learning as quickly as possible , and I naturally hope that the Commission will include the views adopted by Parliament today in the proposal on lifelong learning , for that is where they in fact belong .
We must bear in mind that , if adults are to learn about a subject , going back to school is not an option .
They have to learn in the context of the labour market ; they have to have time off work to be able to go to classes ; and they have to learn through the process of schools and teaching coming out to the workplace .
The last thing I want to say concerns an idea for the Commissioner that could perhaps be taken further and might also put pressure on the Member States to demonstrate that they are doing something in this area .
It is the possibility of introducing 'knowledge accounts ' for the individual Member States through which the latter would simply report each year on how much they had done in the area of lifelong learning to combat illiteracy and promote knowledge and education in general .
'Knowledge accounts ' are a good idea , Commissioner , which I hope you will consider .
- ( DA ) SOS Democracy is unable to vote in favour of the Napolitano report because it does not give the decisive role to the national parliaments , which are the only institutions that have a close relationship with the people .
( Parliament adopted the resolution ) EXPLANATIONS OF VOTE - Koukiadis report ( A5-0010/2002 ) Bonde and Sandbæk ( EDD) , in writing .
We believe that implementation of the directive in Denmark - characterised as inadequate by the Commission - would undermine the Danish system of agreements in the long term .
Because , following pressure from the Commission , the directive is , however , shortly to be elevated to the status of law in Denmark , we can only express our dissatisfaction with the Commission ' s interference in a system that operates well .
It is important that the text should be clarified in many areas so that employees ' rights are protected and there is improved health and safety in the workplace .
Adjournment of the session Mr President , first of all an observation about the Convention which begins tomorrow with a draft agenda that is completely unacceptable .
Every MEP must naturally be entitled to make proposals and have them translated , put on the agenda and , finally , voted on .
We are not familiar with the first four , and I would therefore ask our own President to ensure that , in future , we are given all the documents as soon as they arrive in Parliament .
I see that the Commission is opposed to a competence catalogue which is able to place limits upon the EU' s activities .
To draw up a competence catalogue , knowledge of each individual area is required such as only the Commission and the national governments have at their disposal .
That is major progress .
Mr President , it has been no easy task to formulate Parliament ' s discussion paper for the forthcoming summit .
Mr Bullmann has done his best , and I thank him for that .
My group would nonetheless make reservations about