to the European trading system for emission licenses .
Finally , it is also essential to support investment in public research and development to ensure that the best technologies available are developed and continuously improved .
Deforestation is linked to our collective existence , the scarcity of natural resources , their distribution , the rights of local and indigenous communities , and social justice .
This report takes a very important step in this direction by defining prohibitions on timber trading .
The public must also have the right - and I am ending here , Mr President - to access information on those in compliance and those who are not .
Economic and social cohesion is increasingly becoming a mere slogan , a dead letter in treaties .
Belgium is assuming the Presidency of the European Union at a challenging time , both economically and socially , for a number of countries .
I voted in favour of the resolution as I believe that in the chapter on effective governance of remuneration , shareholders should be able to contribute to decisions on sustainable remuneration policies .
Measures should therefore be taken aimed at reducing the risks assumed and remodelling the incentives system .
The quest for short-term results in order to gain so-called variable compensation can , at times , lead to less than cautious management practices that are not in the best interests of workers , shareholders and of society in general .
Balanced structure of the remuneration package through the dissemination by companies of information on their remunerative practices that is clear , exhaustive and appropriate , through the publication of details over the companies ' policies regarding pensions and complementary pensions , including details referring to publicly owned companies .
However , I believe that foods from cloned animals or their offspring should not be authorised in the EU.
Lastly , I would like to call attention to the fact that the United States Food and Drug Administration has already approved the consumption of cloned animals for food ( 2008 ) .
Indeed , I see no justification for the consumption of cloned animals , as I am not convinced that cloning does not put the welfare of the animal at risk .
Unfortunately , the majority of Parliament again rejected the need for labelling food which contains genetically modified organisms ( GMO ) or animals fed with GMO , calling into question the principle of transparency of information and of the consumer 's freedom of choice .
Scientists have become the principal mediators in society 's relationship with risk , with the power to anticipate future dangers and decide on the approval of novel foods .
I voted in favour of the report on industrial emissions , as I believe that a balanced agreement has been reached on ensuring an integrated approach to reducing pollutant emissions and , at the same time , the competitiveness of European industry , based on the best available technologies .
In 2005 , the Commission initiated a review of the Integrated Pollution , Prevention and Control ( IPPC ) Directive , which resulted in a draft directive on industrial emissions .
I welcome the adoption of this report , particularly the restriction of exemptions for industrial operators .
The prevention and control of emissions from industrial plants into the air , water and soil is essential to achieve the objectives of a greener economy , as set out in the Europe 2020 strategy .
The illegal importing of timber to Europe has resulted in the drastic drop in the price of wood , which , from a financial point of view , has made it impossible for European forest owners to make a living from their timber .
It is also responsible for serious human rights violations because , in many countries , forests have great cultural and social importance for indigenous people and those who are dependent on the forests .
We understand the need to preserve forest resources , ensuring their reasonable and sustainable exploitation and the maintenance of biodiversity in our woods and forests .
Deforestation and forest degradation are the main factors to blame for the loss of biodiversity .
At the same time , this should ensure that political decisions are taken by Parliament , the Council and the Commission in accordance with current procedures .
There was therefore no cooperation , coordination or consistency whatsoever in the application of EU legislation .
According to the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision , the authority must have powers to deal with the issue of compliance with legislation , particularly when it relates to systemic and cross-border risk .
This meant that there was no cooperation , coordination or consistency whatsoever in the application of EU legislation .
This means creating conditions for the stable financing of the economy to ensure sustainable growth and employment , safeguarding the single market , where the EU must be granted quality financial supervision to prevent the fragmentation of the single market , and allowing the EU to maintain its statute to protect the euro and other European currencies .
In order to achieve its objectives , the ESRB must analyse all the relevant information , especially the relevant legislation with a potential impact on financial stability , such as provisions on accounting , bankruptcy and viability .
The recent financial crisis has highlighted major weaknesses in financial supervision , both in individual cases and in relation to the financial system as a whole .
I voted in favour of the proposal for a regulation because I believe that a new framework must be established for managing financial crises that can destabilise or ruin institutions in difficulty in order to minimise the risk of contagion within the European financial system .
However , I believe that national authorities must continue to play a key role in relation to national financial institutions , coordinating their efforts with their counterparts from other Member States , particularly as regards the exchange of best practices .
