are glad the Council has accepted a proposal to append to the decision an additional statement from the Commission on encouraging the participation of small and medium-sized NGOs , and the possibility of fully funding their actions by national agencies .
As the Commissioner himself has emphasised , the key aim must be to include all those affected by poverty both now and in the future .
For this reason , we place special emphasis on prevention ; this explains our Day for the Eradication of Poverty on 17 October , as Mrs Záborská has pointed out .
He considered it the most important enemy of the state after the various foes he did battle with on his borders .
( applause ) The compromise proposal of the European Parliament , the Council and the Commission on waste management is a significant volte-face for the sake of the huge , hidden financial interests involved in refuse and waste .
One example of the general climb-down is the undermining of the hierarchical structure whereby recycling must precede energy recovery .
Another example is viewing energy combustion of composite waste as energy recovery in cases other than those already specified , such as the production of biogas .
Responsibility should be taken at government , regional and local level to sort and separate toxic and other hazardous substances ( dioxins etc. ) and there should be as much recycling as possible .
They cannot be curbed by legislation that essentially allows companies to pollute and pay negligible fines - if and when a legal infringement is discovered - while making huge profits at the expense of public health and the environment .
The EU 's proposed measures , even when they limit the content of hazardous substances , are invalidated by the absence of effective checks and pollution-deterrent measures that would affect industries ' profits .
This is a measure that the Member States can promote .
Madam President , this is essentially an issue that concerns not only SMEs , but all enterprises facing this kind of competition .
Madam President , this question gives me the opportunity to state exactly what point we have reached in the negotiations .
The roadmap sets out the subject matter of the negotiations , which will deal with four key issues : the limiting of climate change ; adaptation , given that climate change has occurred to a greater or lesser extent and will be inevitable by 2050 ; technology and the relevant funding , both for adaptation and for reducing CO2 emissions .
It also recognises that a drastic reduction in greenhouse gas emissions will be necessary worldwide to prevent a dangerous increase in global temperature .
On the basis of this assessment the negotiations proper can begin next year .
You also know that discussions are under way within the framework of the G8 and the Major Economies initiative ( the Major Economies Process ) launched by the United States .
Achieving a comprehensive and ambitious post-2012 agreement on climate change is indubitably one of the greatest challenges for global environmental governance .
Under the latter , up-to-date means of enforcement have been developed , such as the Clean Development Mechanism made up of two flexible mechanisms , and the scientific expertise of the IPCC has also been developed .
Madam President , for a start , not only Mr Verheugen , but I , too , am very concerned that there should be no carbon leakage .
This is for the very simple reason that if enterprises relocate from the EU to countries with no restrictions on CO2emissions , the environmental result I am seeking will not be achieved .
A key item in an international agreement would be the question of what happens to energy-intensive enterprises .
I believe that we can join with the United States , especially under the anticipated new Administration , which takes over next year , given that both candidates have fully committed themselves to introducing a CO2 trading system , reducing emissions by 80 % by 2050 and taking decisive action against the greenhouse effect in cooperation with the EU.
I believe in this agreement , and I believe that all of us here together ( and the European Parliament has played an enormous part in this ) , with your continuing support , will achieve such an agreement .
In previous years the ban was based on the danger posed by the chlorine and chicken dips .
The food production chain is increasingly in the stranglehold of the food multinationals .
The workers demand properly inspected , healthy foods at affordable prices .
This represents a significant defeat for the Council , the European Commission and the European Parliament , and also for the centre-right and centre-left governments in the EU Member States ( New Democracy ( ND ) and PASOK in Greece ) .
The heavy-handed policy of the Council and the European Commission in pursuing the ratification process for the Lisbon Treaty is an autocratic act of contempt for the will of the Irish people and the peoples generally . 1 .
Common standards and procedures in Member States for returning illegally staying third-country nationals ( - After the vote on Amendment 74 : The conservative majority in the European Parliament has once again ignored the voice of the citizens and common sense .
Europe cannot shield itself behind this unacceptable legislation and close the door to immigrants .
The aim is to turn a social good into a market commodity and to promote the capitalist restructuring of the energy sector through the mass privatisation of energy production and distribution .
At a time of rapidly rising international oil prices , workers are feeling the pinch ; the EU is favouring the interests of capital , and safeguarding and increasing its profits .
Forgive me , Madam President , but the positions taken by the Council and the Commission were disappointing