towards a perspective of sustainability , linking tourism , environment and consumers , and integrating small and medium-sized undertakings , are all positive steps in the right direction which all deserve emphasis .
Since this industry must be a sector on its own , with its own common policy , we must improve the legislative and financial framework and strengthen the vital interlinks with other programmes , initiatives and policies which the Community might contribute to developing tourism .
That is why they undoubtedly deserve the European Union 's support .
From my point of view this question is related to the statutes of the ultra-peripheral regions of the European Union and strengthens the importance that the next Intergovernmental Conference will give to proposals presented , namely by the Portuguese government , to include in the Treaty 's rules the need for permanent and effective support for the inhabitants of these regions , enabling them to have the same rights and opportunities as any other European citizens .
Finally , I would like to challenge the Commission to try and put into practice a satellite system to control Community waters .
Why has the Commission not followed this procedure in the case of olive oil ?
Because of fraud ?
This is a mystery which I would like to be cleared up .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the Commission should have presented a long time ago a report assessing the regime of aid to the production of olive oil .
In this draft document , olive oil as a crop is not included in the regional rural development and employment strategies nor is it seen as a vital element for protecting the environment in farmlands and even less is it seen as guaranteeing agriculture income and quality production .
In just a few hours , the flames devastated a significant part of this valuable testimony to neo-classical architecture , a democratic and heritage symbol of the city of Lisbon and a national historical and cultural reference point .
The situation of refugees is a desperate one , and it also calls for preventive measures .
I think that all of these questions call for much more active work , because there is no time to waste on a subject as sensitive as this one .
However , the Council of Ministers , demonstrating great hypocrisy , has rejected the European Parliament proposals put forward at first reading in the Taubira-Delannon report , aimed at broadening the base of action in this budgetary line and the programme , and at the same time is rejecting it on the grounds of lack of resources ; in the 1997 budgetary process the Council of Ministers has tried to reduced the budget of this very programme .
We must support the amendments to the Taubira-Delannon report , we must maintain a stern position of ferocious criticism of the Council of Ministers ' hypocrisy in the area of sustainable development .
However , and this is where my group disagrees with the recommendation made by Mrs von Blottnitz , the finances earmarked for the SAVE II proposal are too small for the financial period 1996-2000 - they should be at least 150 MECU.
And the European Parliament , in full exercise of its powers , is playing a useful role in protecting that very European culture which it is our duty to defend and preserve .
It is also aimed at transforming European audiovisual production by defending European cultures , not only the great European cultures bolstered by the national territory which they present , but also other great universalist European cultures such as Portuguese culture .
This is not without reason since Europe 's projection into the 21st century depends on the success of its application .
And it is the success of this crossover that will decide the European model of the information society .
However , as far as Portugal is concerned , they are limited because they do not grant a special status for non-European Portuguese-language productions .
I therefore asked for the report to be sent back to the Committee on Women 's Rights so that the work could be taken up again with the Commission .
I congratulate myself as rapporteur and I ask you to approve this report .
With an entity standing in for SMEs when it comes to taking responsibility for the necessary banking loan guarantees , the European Investment Fund and another institution bearing the costs of these guarantees - and this is what the Community is proposing to be - then the barriers to the financial markets will easily be brought down .
Finally , we wanted the rate of loan coverage of small and medium-sized undertakings to be made more flexible by the means of guarantees of investment funds , using higher amounts when investments a aimed at creating large numbers of jobs or when they are destined to benefit , via the interested companies , those groups potentially most affected by unemployment .
Whether this takes place within Community and European countries or outside Europe , the aim is always the same : creating and making the most of opportunities to accumulate capital .
With transparency as the order of the day , we must take a set of decisive measures , paying particular attention to the growing disparity in the amount of public aids between regions ( and I think that it is , therefore , very important that the Commission should very quickly publish a thorough list containing those aids ) ; we should also mobilise more resources for DG IV and reject , from the outset , any proposal , wherever it comes from , to create independent cartels in application of any competition policy ; it is now urgent to coordinate the different Community policies influencing industrial competition , in particular the industrial competition policy of the internal market and trade policy , and we must also combat any type of obstacle - and alas there are some still remaining - to the free circulation of persons and goods .
