the people , respond to their concerns and always include them .
At the top of the list is the need for effective coordination of economic policies and for an employment pact .
I congratulate the German Presidency of the Council for its decision to hold the Intergovernmental Conference although it may find that this should take place using a Community procedure .
Our way forward must be through integration because , as Mitterrand said here in this House , 'nationalism is war '.
However , I must indicate my extreme surprise and condemnation of the way in which Mr Prodi , on page 11 of the verbatim report of proceedings , characterised the European consciousness , which is at the root of the integration achieved in the last 50 years .
The lists of candidates are now ready and the rules would have been changed without the potential new Members being able to participate in the vote .
However , this is not the case with the European Union at this juncture given that BSE has severely shaken consumer confidence .
This is particularly serious as this EU policy is included in the spirit of the Lomé Agreements which date from 1963 and which therefore significantly predate the current Multilateral Trade Agreement resulting from the Marrakesh Agreement of 1994 .
I would call on the Commission to remain firm in defence of our interests and not to be afraid to stand up to international pressures .
But we should be objective .
However , other members of my group will talk about these aspects .
However , we must remember that this must be a realistic model where the improvement in working conditions reflects the improvement in productivity .
In this way , Europe surely has an important role to play through competition conditions which depend largely on the training of individuals .
It is obvious that if some allowance were made for the difference between richer and poorer regions in Europe , the poorer ones would certainly not need so-called 'rural development ' , a rather vague and underfunded concept which we all know tends to mean that you only get out what you put in in the first place .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the financial framework agreed in Berlin is a totally inadequate response to the requirements and objectives of cohesion , which should be the guiding star for the construction of Europe and its present and future ambitions .
This could make a difference to the considerable doubt concerning the soundness and the efficiency of the regulation of the Structural Funds in future .
The results are not perfect , but despite the inadequate budgets and the faint- hearted reform of the common agricultural policy , and the continuing injustices and imbalances that it preserves , we have nevertheless avoided a serious crisis in the European Union and it is fair to say that over the next few years the European Union will forge ahead with confidence and stability .
And I can tell Commissioner Wulf-Mathies - if I may paraphrase the words of a previous speaker - that if she were a candidate for election to the European Parliament in Portugal , the Portuguese would vote for her in droves .
Secondly , the reduction in public participation in private revenue-generating projects , which , as it penalises companies , will also have an adverse effect on jobs .
With regard to the financial perspectives , I feel that it is crucial for the European Parliament to approve the framework defined in Berlin .
As far as Portugal is concerned , I deeply regret that some of my country 's key specific problems were not taken into consideration .
But they are all above that threshold !
In other words , it has been a reform very much at odds with the general principles for reform approved by the European Parliament in its general report of June 1998 .
The agreement concluded between Portugal and Indonesia yesterday in New York , under the auspices of the United Nations , is a ray of hope for a solution of this martyrised people 's problems .
I have my doubts .
It is particularly felicitous that this is taking place at a critical point in the process , with the signing of the agreement reached under the auspices of the United Nations , which embraces the possibility of the Timorese people being able to freely determine their own future .
And we must not forget that the referendum is not so much a happy ending as one more step - an important one - on the long road which will enable the people of East Timor finally to be masters of their own destiny , after centuries of Portuguese colonisation and a quarter century of brutal occupation by Indonesia .
The natural leader of East Timor , Xanana Gusmão , has not hesitated to denounce as a historical aberration the suggestion that the Indonesian armed forces can be considered an impartial force .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , this has been my 150th speech in the plenary , and it will also be my last .
This agreement and its implementation should provide us with a basis for achieving the desired results , that is to say enabling the Timorese people to freely exercise their right to self-determination and independence .
This is the umpteenth time that we have discussed the issue of East Timor in the European Parliament .
It is indeed a police force .
And up to now , with the honourable exceptions of Senegal , Trinidad and Tobago and San Marino , no other country in the international community has ratified it yet , although some have started the ratification process .
As discussion and analysis of the situation has progressed , there has been a significant change in the attitude towards textiles .
