Where equality is concerned , the gulf between the actual and the ideal is nowhere more apparent than in the area of decision making .
I propose that the EU' s objectives for women in the area of decision making should be based upon the averaged-out achievements of the three most successful Member States within each area , with the Member States each submitting a report annually which will then have to be evaluated .
In the resolution , we therefore urge the Member States to increase the proportion of women involved in all aspects of conflict resolution and peace-keeping .
Mr President , I can appreciate that Mr Katiforis has difficulties with the argumentation but , in my view , this is a good report with a sensible analysis .
In my view , it is simply not on to say that things are going well for Europe when between 16 and 17 million Europeans are without work .
We also have something to learn regarding the possibility of starting up new companies .
I think Mr Katiforis also appreciates the fact .
That is what differentiates us from the United States .
As Europeans , we can achieve a lot if we are afforded the opportunity .
When I read the report and see the picture of the EU' s economy that is described there , I think it is quite a worrying picture .
There is far too much talk about stability , convergence and coordination and far too little about the factors which give rise to innovation and development .
In this context , I can , in fact , see the EMU project ' s main weakness , for it is true that you cannot act like Superman and raise the European economies from above .
In its original form , it points the way towards a renewed economic policy which aims at something more than merely tightening up and balancing the economy .
It is nonetheless gratifying that we should have united behind some of the strategically important proposals , namely that the Union ' s economic policy ought to prioritise investments , partly in order to involve all the Union ' s citizens in the information society , something which can also be of major significance from an economic point of view .
Society needs , therefore , to take responsibility for the rapid and vigorous expansion of a modern IT infrastructure which also reaches small companies , poor regions and ordinary citizens .
We have that opportunity right now .
Mr President , Commissioner , I believe , in fact , that it is more by luck than skill that there have not so far been any disasters due to the absence of the rules mentioned by the previous speakers .
I am , moreover , proud that my own country has been involved in tabling this regulation which we now hope will swiftly be adopted by the Council .
I am a little surprised that you in the Group of the Party of European Socialists did not support it then .
Mr President , it is , of course , unacceptable for breaches of our trade agreement with Israel to be concealed or tolerated .
The EU must now choose between basing its relations with Israel and Palestine on the standards of international law , thereby strengthening the basis of the peace process , and showing disdain for international law .
The Commission must guarantee that these things will be done .
It is the EU' s responsibility to contribute to this .
In fact , we voted as we wished to do , but there was a mistranslation in the Swedish text , and I wish this to be noted .
At national level , we are exceptionally keen that taxes on business and labour should be reduced towards the levels which prevail in our competitors ' countries , but an issue such as that should be decided by the Swedish Parliament and not by the European Parliament .
Joint resolution on the shipwreck of the (RC B5-0181/2000 )
The emphasis upon the knowledge - or information - society in this programme , as in the different national programmes of which we are aware , does in fact lead to a concentration upon innovators , entrepreneurs , new companies and new industries .
Education is to be put in order , a fiscal policy devised and venture capital arranged .
In many cases , they have far too much capital , and in many cases they are spoiled .
Perhaps what is most important of all is to create an infrastructure of such a kind that the industries which are not undergoing expansion have the chance to keep up and that population groups on the periphery can be involved .
( SV ) Mr President , ever since the Brundtland report of 1987 , it has been clear that a policy which emphasises only economic growth cannot be sustained in the longer term .
In spite of the fact that this is a document of several hundred pages , it is a programme which , in general , is well put together .
It could be given higher priority , but it is in fact under way .
As aid donors , we have , on the whole , a major responsibility for ensuring that we transfer knowledge and techniques that are sustainable , that is to say which do not entail severe damage to the environment and to natural resources .
In particular , knowledge and skills within both the Commission and the recipient countries must be increased .
Analysing the situation , I identified three or four principal points where I think we in Parliament ought to try to amend the Council proposal .
We ought also , in the interests of reaching agreement with the Council , to see to it that we , as far as