.
Mr Dupuis , I wish to make a suggestion , which is that you restrict yourself to the issue under discussion and leave matters of Italian domestic politics for another occasion .
This statement is still valid one year later and sums up the fundamental issue : the security of our currency .
She states that " the euro will be in open competition with the dollar for the title of the world ' s most counterfeited currency " .
We have seen examples of the educational contribution made by Catholic priests , particularly in the regions : the contribution of the Church and of the local and regional press must be encouraged and supported .
Mr President , Members of Parliament , the Commission welcomes Parliament 's proposed resolution and supports the objectives of these two Swedish initiatives establishing a system of special forensic profiling analysis of synthetic drugs and on the transmission of samples of illegal narcotic substances .
In the coming weeks , we intend to publish two important texts : first , the Commission will present a communication to Parliament and to the Council on the implementation of the action plan , and secondly the Commission will bring forward proposals for a framework decision establishing minimum rules on drug trafficking .
All these elements show how important this debate is at world scale .
( PT ) Through this report , the European Parliament is delivering its assessment of the second updates of the original stability and convergence programmes established by the Member States in 1999 .
I would state once again that an initiative as important as this justifies the creation of a specific programme with its own legal basis .
As we all know , however , just giving every school a computer is not going to solve the problem .
The rapporteur endorses the blind quest for price stability at the expense of economic growth .
The report and this recommendation counter the indifferent approach we have seen in the past and therefore deserve our congratulations and our support .
We must inform , warn , monitor , anticipate and prevent a human and social disaster .
For the sake of reducing production , this measure would penalise Member States that are still net importers of meat , which is the case of my own country .
Why are we not allowing farmers to use set-aside land for protein crops ?
Do you not think , Commissioner , that it is time we applied the European Union ' s intrinsic principles of equality to the fisheries sector , for which you are responsible ?
Until such fishing possibilities are guaranteed , we cannot achieve greater balance in the cost of the protocol , which would be of economic and social benefit to these countries .
Fishing in Greenland is actually a little more recent , and does not date back 500 years .
We cannot understand why the fleets of Germany , France , the United Kingdom and Denmark should be given favourable treatment , particularly since they cannot even reach the level of catches allowed under the previous protocol and since they have not taken advantage of the opportunity to create joint , mutually beneficial companies .
Despite that fact that it did not fish , the European Union nevertheless made payments , on time , of an average of EUR 38 million per year during the period covered by the previous agreement .
I understand these reasons and shall , therefore , not oppose the rapporteur ' s proposal , although I have adopted various amendments tabled by other Members of the House .
This is a good opportunity to discuss this measure , which is designed specifically for these countries , but also to reflect , once again , on the problems affecting them and how these can be overcome , even though we have already considered and adopted a general proposal on this issue .
With regard to the measure itself and in general terms , we feel it is a positive step , although its scope is limited .
We must take account of the fact that , rather than solving these countries ' problems , this process of liberalisation has ultimately become a genuine problem for them , given that their economies are so weak and that the gap separating them from the industrialised countries is so wide .
The first of these specifically concerns the transitional periods that have at last been adopted for sugar , rice and bananas , although we are fully aware of the problems that the issue raises and I do not , therefore , think that this matter should be a source of further controversy .
We must approach the issue of transatlantic relations between the European Union and the United States in the context of the U.S. administration having redefined its strategy .
This is a concept which we feel is being abandoned .
Let us commit ourselves , then , to a renewed transatlantic cooperation , in which the European Union and the United States are able to work effectively , together and to their mutual benefit , on the various global challenges that we inevitably have to face .
We shall be voting in favour of this resolution , but we feel that , in addition to declaring politically correct intentions , we must take action .
This is a general principle , used by public authorities and must be referred to explicitly with regard to the powers and obligations of Member States .
The Commission ' s proposal , however , is extremely superficial and starts from the premise that those who stand to benefit from alcohol sales will work to prevent greater consumption amongst children and adolescents , which is quite a utopian idea , as is well known .
Given this crisis scenario , the Commission presented a plan of 7 proposals designed to redress the imbalances in the sector .
