, deputising for the rapporteur .
Much time has elapsed between the alleged offence and the request being presented ; this is an offence which affects freedom of expression , in relation to which this Parliament has always recognised immunity , and the fact that Mr Ribeiro e Castro has asked for a waiver of his immunity does not affect this decision .
Firstly , because , according to Amendment No 4 , the competent authority will have to have experience in the loading and unloading of bulk carriers .
By way of clarification , the intention is that black boxes will be incorporated in new goods ships as from 1 July 2002 ; and that for existing goods ships , in the case of those of 20 000 tonnes gross or more , this will apply from 1 January 2007 and for those of between 3 000 and 20 000 tonnes , from 1 January 2008 .
Furthermore , ladies and gentlemen , we are once again combating unfair competition from ships that are sometimes sub-standard or which show little concern for checking and monitoring the whole issue of ship safety .
Commissioner , you have been determined to unify sky , land and sea and in the end you are going to manage it .
Is this committee also going to manage or work on the three legislative initiatives contained in the Erika II package ?
The proposal therefore constitutes an effort at simplification , clarification and coherence .
However , what we will , of course , be able to incorporate is the specific addition , 'prevention of pollution from ships ' .
In reply to Mrs Langenhagen and Mr Hatzidakis , we can also see that , if there is a truly global sector , it is the maritime sector , a fact we have all known for a long time .
It does not , however , have a legislative function .
Specifically , the common position adopted by the Council on 10 November 2000 was received by the European Parliament at the end of November and the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism was able to debate a first draft report on 4 December 2000 .
It is the construction of a European railway .
In this respect , I would like to congratulate you all once again on the achievement of having this directive approved on second reading .
Therefore , as has been pointed out , what we are proposing is a two-stage process of harmonisation .
All of this should be done with the greatest transparency , clearly explaining to the sector the reasons for which particular measures are adopted .
It must be pointed out that last year 50 % of the programme was successfully concluded .
We have , nevertheless , been the target of criticism , which we must accept and address .
We need proposals that will save President Havel from having a suitcase full of treaties , protocols and annexes in his office .
Nevertheless , we do not feel that it is good parliamentary practice to allocate five minutes extra to the European People ' s Party in the person of Mr Poettering , because he will have to thank those Members that voted for there being a question to the Commission this month rather than to the Council , as we ourselves had proposed and as it seems will be done in March .
Well , if that is the case , why change the name ?
And I believe there is an initiative , Mr President , which the Commission has highlighted in its six-monthly scoreboards , to which we attach great importance : I am referring to the European arrest order .
Last year there were 500 .
In my view , however , it is acting in an incomprehensible way .
I would like to ask you : whose fault will this be ?
The Lisbon Summit decided to liberalise the telecommunications , gas , electricity and transport markets .
These four points are only some of the considerations that the Commission and the Council must take into account in the face of the phenomenon of industrial restructuring .
The judgment of the San Francisco Court of Appeal confirms intellectual property rights and establishes certain measures for the protection of intellectual property in the United States .
Secondly , another very important amendment is the one relating to the incidental and transitional nature of reproduction .
I say this sincerely .
It is not simply that are not the same , but that they are not even similar .
In the question I ask the President of the Commission , Mr Prodi , for his opinion of the political responsibility of Mrs Loyola de Palacio following the report of the Spanish prosecutor , which confirms this fraud .
Mr President , since I have been mentioned by the presidency , I would like to say that I have in fact received a reply , which I do not agree with .
I do not want the Commission to reply to the ABC newspaper before replying to me .
Specifically , a regional Agricultural Minister has ordered that dead cows be deposited in an open mine .
If the Member States are required , and I am in agreement with this , Commissioner , to comply with the rules that are dictated from here , those rules need to be clear and the same for everybody .
And what is the reason for them ?
The lack of transparency and the improvisation with which my country ' s government is acting with regard to the crisis are , in my opinion , the reason for the massive drop in consumption in Spain , for which the cattle farming sector is paying .
Are you aware that this afternoon Mr Fischler said to us in this House that it is not necessary to sacrifice all the animals on a farm where only one case