Furthermore , paying out for EU propaganda and subsidies for ‘pro-European’ think tanks does not serve any useful purpose .
That the budget agreement should be reached at the expense of the really poor Member States is indefensible .     .
There is no added value in regulating this subject at the European level .
I am delighted that the left and the right in this House have for once put their own people first .
They have for once put the fundamental interests of our own citizens above ideology .
I am not prepared to indulge in short-term thinking and bury my head in the sand .
In addition , very clear clarification on State aid rules is essential in order to guarantee transparent and fair competition between European ports .
The Dutch delegation is able to endorse the resolution by the UEN Group , because only in that resolution is it clearly stated that policy measures in the area of discrimination fall within the remit of the Member States .
Another paradox is that during the referendum debates , the strengthening of this political Europe was virtually overlooked in the second and third pillars .
I heard my dear fellow Member , Mr Voggenhuber , speak about nationalism .
Some of the many excellent ideas which our rapporteurs have floated are intended to extend the period of reflection to late-2007 , to keep more options open and also in general , I welcome a method to indicate how we should hold the debate .
There are a growing number of abductions , abuses and random killings .
All that those countries are needed for is to provide cheap labour .
If the Council and the Commission follow this line , then our neighbourhood policy is bound to move in the right direction .     .
Mr Tannock also calls on all parties involved to come to a political settlement of the long-standing Transnistria issue .
I would ask the Commissioner how he interprets this bilateral agreement between Putin and Yushchenko on Moldova’s future in the context of the European neighbourhood policy .
Mr President , Mr Onesta has tried his best to strike the right balance between indignation about the actions of some MEPs and guarantees for freedom to express dissent .
Since that is sending the wrong message to the voters , it would be preferable if a regulation of that kind were to confine itself to preventing and penalising physical violence .     .
Let us not leave it at recommendations on paper , but rather give it substance through our own personal and practical political dealings !     .
As has already been said , it was in 2003 that the Commission produced a guidance note for all delegations and services that gave handicapped people a place in development policy .
Following the first war , in the 1990s , the peace negotiator Alexander Lebed agreed , on Russia’s behalf , to the democratic choice of independence being made possible following a transitional period , but this has never come to pass , and so one can no longer expect the Chechens to regard their country as part of Russia .
In any case , all the European institutions are manifestly united in their contempt for national democracies and for the democratic will of the public .
It is a matter of common knowledge that opposition to further enlargements , and certainly to the possible accession of Turkey , was one of the most important reasons for the rejection of the Constitution .
Other passages ( paragraphs 1 , 5 , 7 , and 31 ) also fail to do justice to the unambiguous no vote in the Netherlands .
The practice of tied sales , which involves good points being taken hostage by bad ones , is one that the two rapporteurs want to adopt , in the belief that approval is only a matter of time .
Mr President , the last two presidents of Peru , Fujimori and Toledo , presented themselves as miracle-workers and as saviours of the country .
Mr President , last month , a court in the Cambodian capital Phnom Penh , sentenced the opposition leader Sam Rainsy , , to a prison term of eighteen months for slandering the prime minister , Hun Sen and Prince Norodom Ranariddh .
In Vietnam , war raged over the reunification of the Northern and Southern sectors of what had once been a French colony , with America wishing to keep the south as its own sphere of influence .
The suspicion that the Vietnamese guerrilla movement , which fought for the reunion of North and South , was making use of supply routes running through inhospitable parts of Cambodia was reason enough for the Americans to intervene and bring it under the control of a friendly government .
The consequence of all this is that the police and the judiciary are being turned into instruments of political in-fighting .
Mr President , when , exactly one week ago , I was observing the Palestinian elections on behalf of this House , one giant banner , in particular , caught my eye .
I would like to take this opportunity of expressing my total and unconditional solidarity with the Danish Prime Minister , who is currently under enormous pressure to take action against the cartoonists who had the temerity to depict none other than the prophet Mohammed .
The first lesson is that the European Union can only be effective when united .
Finally , I agree that , insofar as the High Representative , the Commissioner and the President-in-Office of the Council involve Parliament in their activities on a regular basis , they will be able to count on our continued support .     Mr President , we have listened with great interest to Mr Solana’s speech , particularly the first part in