At the moment , everything is about discipline and economic growth without any leeway for different opinions .
Whilst the violence was more limited in its extent than in France , where several people were killed , the politically correct left still prevents us from using the term riffraff or scum – in French – and would prefer to shoot the messenger than address the problem in an environment without any taboos .
Although critics may question this , I think that we must try to turn globalisation into a win-win situation .
We could examine how existing funds could be redirected in order to get this globalisation fund off the ground .
That is why it is crucial that we agree on a basic package of channels that are accessible to everyone both now and in future .
In that debate , Commissioner Špidla , the Commission must side with the consumer .
I want you to check not only with governments , but also with NGOs and the press whether certain statements are true .
In Europe , we expect virtually everyone to reject such practices , even if this involves people whom we think are a threat to our lives in peace and democracy .
I can endorse the procedural points mentioned by Mrs Buitenweg .
Will it , after this arbitration , create room for a transition to the Swiss model or will volume restrictions only be replaced by higher import tariffs , which means that little will change , if anything ?
We are eager to be involved closely in the outcome of the implementation and the possible interpretations .
Mr President , I too would like to add my thanks to the President of the Court of Auditors for his report .
The suggestion mooted in the Court of Auditors ’ report , namely that certification bodies be established for all the components of the budget other than agriculture , strikes me as one that needs further exploration .
The good news is that spending of the European budget has improved for the third year running .
In terms of value , though , they account for 26 % of the irregularities reported to the Commission .
They are considered as exports and are therefore eligible for export restitution aid .
I do not know whether you are familiar with the book by Jeremy Rifkin about but that book too indicates that our perception in this respect is sometimes incorrect .
It will not stop us from reiterating that Turkey’s accession to the European Union is both untenable and undemocratic .     Mr President , a year ago , President Barroso promised us during the Buttiglione case that he would make European fundamental rights a key priority .
Mr President , it is a special honour to present this report to you .
Well , that country belongs to the World Trade Organisation but rides roughshod over all fundamental social standards and rules whilst not being hindered in this in any way .
Mr President , I will start by expressing my respect for the rapporteur’s – Mr Sacconi’s – working spirit and resolve , but I am also indebted to the tenacious attitude displayed by a number of Members , including Mr Nassauer , Mr Vidal-Quadras Roca , Mrs Herczog , Mrs Erika Mann , Mr Thomas Mann , Mr Langen , Mrs Roth-Behrendt , Mr Goebbels , Mr Manders and others , because without them as fellow fighters for a workable REACH , we would not have reached a result .
A number of compromises have been struck , and I welcome them .
Although aspects that are important to me , including risk and volume-based registration , have not made it to the finishing line , I still voted in favour at the final vote .
Metals , ores and concentrates cannot be dealt with in the same manner as organic chemical substances .
I expect the Council to address this problem and to have resolved it by second reading .
If this wish list is fulfilled , I think we will be well on our way of achieving our goal .     Mr President , I should first of all like to express my warm appreciation and thanks to Mr Sacconi who has , I think , done an excellent job .
The Dutch Social Democrats cannot back the compromise that is now before us .
In this area , we are deliberately – and rightly – opting for a common European approach .
Even the local authorities agree that a military presence will be needed as soon as it has gained independence .
First and foremost , we will continue to give our full support to the Thessaloniki agenda .
We must also acknowledge the positive developments , though , albeit with a healthy dose of cautious optimism .
That is why I am pleased , not only that the Commission has taken a firm stand , but also that it makes a reasoned case – which I endorse – for the EU’s enlargement , as we have seen it to date , being one of the EU’s success stories , and that it would therefore be extremely short-sighted on our part to go back on the promises that were made to Romania and Bulgaria , Turkey and Croatia , or the countries of the Western Balkans .
At the same time , before the enlargement process begins , we must regain a degree of credibility , and that means that we must take the enlargement criteria more seriously than ever .
We give the Commission our backing in this , and I think that the way forward is with prudence concerning the admission of new candidate countries at the moment .
In this light , this proposal is typically an area in which the EU can demonstrate its added value , for let us be honest : the fact that , to take an example quoted