I am able to assure you that the Commission , in close consultation with the EU 's Member States , is following further developments in Cambodia with close attention .
In doing this , the Commission and the Member States have endeavoured to formulate precisely targeted sanctions , which will hit the people we want to hit , and to avoid adverse effects on the innocent citizens of that country .
The position is also very problematic in terms of constitutional law , because the state 's Sharia law is in contravention of both the constitution and the international obligations entered into by the Nigerian federal government .
While there is dispute concerning the crisis in Iraq , we must not allow ourselves to be divided on fundamental issues here in this European Parliament ; on the contrary , where those fundamental issues are concerned , the road into the future is one on which we must journey together .
At the time , that struck many people as ridiculous , as a mirage , yet without the Americans - and of course without Gorbachev - this transformation in Europe would not have been possible .
Let us just consider the problems related to the region 's stability , the issue of the legitimacy of a war started by unilateral actions , and the consequences for the United Nations .
That is not the least reason why the European Union must , in the post-war period , undertake to make a substantial contribution towards enabling the people of Iraq to establish a state and a social order that are of their own choice and that is prepared to live at peace with the world .
Americans should not see relations with Europe solely in terms of relations between the USA and France , the USA and Great Britain , the USA and Germany , the USA and Greece , the USA and all the others .
It follows that structural reforms must be of such a nature as to enable small and medium-sized firms to invest , taxes to be cut and jobs to be thereby created .
Mr President-in-Office of the Council , I would like right now - and without repeating too much - to draw your attention to three primary problems .
The Council remains silent about that , Mr President .
The two gentlemen who made these proposals were not radical socialists , nor were they anti-American agitators ; on the contrary , they are thoroughly respectable diplomats from the United Nations , and were showing us a peaceful way ahead , for which there was a majority in the Security Council .
Solidarity of this sort is not to be abandoned out of hand when there are differences of opinion , for we see no alternatives to the Atlantic Alliance , any more than there are alternatives to European unification .
This also means that it is otiose to wonder whether it might perhaps have been possible to prevent it .
There , we have not yet succeeded in persuading Muslims that a war there is as necessary as it was in Afghanistan , and their scepticism is something I share .
So clear benchmarks are needed for what we want and for the methods that will enable us to monitor it ; sustainable development needs clear goals and clear indicators in the same way as employment policy does , for sustainability is not a fig leaf , but a modern garment that would suit the EU well .
We want to strengthen the UN , but not even the EU 's two permanent members of the Security Council are making any effort to find a common approach .
In particular , how do we save a multilateral world founded upon compromise and upon mutual respect ?
That the Council should behave in this way leaves me baffled .
The last few days have seen all the parties engaging in dialogue in great depth in order to resolve the issues .
No decision will be taken here on the basis of an exchange of rights for money .
When I see , though , how the Council treats treaties and the European Parliament , I have the gravest concerns about what is coming next .
Mrs Van Brempt 's report goes beyond the Commission communication .
To say that is to state a sober fact and is no denial of the need to support the ecological rural economy .
Countries such as Denmark and Sweden have shown us that pesticide reduction programmes can achieve a reduction in pesticide use of up to 70 % within only a few years , without agricultural yields suffering as a result .
Substances permitted in such places as Italy , Luxembourg and Belgium cannot be banned in Austria or Germany .
That is also essentially logical , as such ships are still active in the fisheries sector and it can therefore be assumed that their crews continue to be employed .
This is where everyone in positions of responsibility must increase their commitment .
The Council has recognised the danger in so far as it anchored the protection of financial interests in the first pillar of the Treaty of Maastricht and enshrined cooperation with the Commission in the Treaty of Amsterdam .
We all want an area of freedom , security and justice , where a stop is put to fraud and corruption at the expense of the EU budget and therefore of the European taxpayer .
That is why I would like to send a clear signal to the Convention again here : a Public Prosecutor to protect the financial interests of the European Union - Yes ; a general European Public Prosecutor to fight crime - No.
As we all know , the governments had more reservations about it than the members of the legal professions and of the non-governmental organisations , and in particular than