Research and Energy , have given the proposal a new look .
As someone just said , it has also been confirmed that small and medium-sized enterprises will be able to participate in the work of the EIT and enjoy its benefits .
The European Institute of Innovation and Technology , as its name suggests , is to focus on innovation .
The Americans file over a third more patent applications with the European Patent Office than the Europeans themselves .
We need more knowledge-intensive products and services .
In as many as 17 EU Member States the share is lower than in China .
More or less as bad is the state of venture capital .
High levels of education and research produce far too few commercial and functional applications , or at least they are put into effect less often than in competitor countries .
The EIT will not eliminate these problems , but it may ease them through the example it sets .
It will provide the business sector with a new kind of link to cooperation in education and research .
The EIT will not become a super university which keeps the best researchers for itself ; Parliament 's amendments guarantee that .
We are already receiving significant amounts of money from the business world for it .
The excellent compromise reached with the Council is such a favourable one that we can state we are in favour of it , and I would therefore ask everyone to show their support for it in the vote which is to start soon .
Now we have developed it in collaboration with the Commission and the Council .
Now we have produced something so dynamic that it has progressed to the voting stage , and I hope that a large majority will vote in favour of the project .
As to location , I have no view except to say that this will be a modern networked system in which researchers and communities will be working independently .
One thing is , however , important .
It is important , although for one proposed theme , communications technology , the funding has already been found .
Many here have said that this is a new kind of collaboration .
The Institute will not be in competition with others , therefore , but will establish cooperation , as Mrs Ek remarked .
This is one way to give expression to the sort of quality standards we need .
Thank you .
It has not been that way for a little while now , however .
The energy statistics process was supposed only to be a mere footnote to Parliament 's statistics on labour , but the rapporteur , Mr Turmes , has succeeded in playing an official political game of dry and technical statistics to stir up deep passions .
The calls for detailed statistics on the nuclear fuel cycle , energy end-use and extended statistics on renewable energy , as well as ambitious demands to bring forward the annual Eurostat reports , were all examples of politically oriented moves .
As the shadow rapporteur for my group , I was given the role of arbiter .
The reforms pushed for by Mr Turmes will also be taken into account in the regulation , though in a realistic way .
Let us leave that little battle to the forthcoming debate on the directive on future renewable forms of energy , when our paths will surely cross once again . draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Food Safety . - ( FI ) Mr President , climate and energy issues have rapidly become crucially important in almost every area of European Union policy .
The issue is not always self-evident , however .
Something which is politically trendy can become a litmus test for political correctness , and the situation can result in a race to see who is keenest to be on the side of everything that is good .
The proposal also has elements of overkill , and the timetable set has obvious risks .
There is a need for renewable energy , but the issue should be approached wisely .
This applies to the funding of local projects , so that know-how and skills are improved and retained in third countries .
Many other developments in the Middle East - especially events in Gaza - have recently occupied our attention .
This should , however , not make us forget the strategic importance of Lebanon for the region and as a partner of Europe .
The deep political crisis continues : on 24 March , the parliamentary session to elect a President was postponed for the 17th time since November 2007 .
Violence could break out at any moment as the political crisis goes on , with unforeseeable consequences for the country and its people .
As you are aware , Europe is active at many different levels to help Lebanon : we remain the biggest contributor to UNIFIL , and the European Union has also been the most important donor at the Paris III Conference .
What are our priorities for the immediate future ?
Continued support for the implementation of the Arab League Initiative remains our key priority .
An important date in the process will be 22 April , when the next presidential election session in the Parliament is scheduled .
We should note , however , that it is Syria that currently holds the Presidency of the Arab League .
We should also continue efforts to maintain momentum in the Middle East peace process , which has an impact on Lebanon .
I shall report its contents to my colleague , Benita Ferrero-Waldner .
It seems to me that we - that is , Parliament , Council and Commission - share the basic view that we will certainly continue to support our long-standing partner , Lebanon , in this very critical phase .
