The guilty parties are the governments of those countries that organised radio spectrum auctions and transferred the money companies in the sector had invested to themselves .
Authorisation has been granted for installations of equipment to coexist side by side for common use , but that is all .
Now I have made my protests I would like to say thank you .
This democracy must be promoted through public investment .
Basic information services must be free of charge or at least inexpensive , but historical investment must also be taken into account in the production costs involved in the re-use of , for example , land register , museum , university and research institute databases .
Our group supports the amendment tabled by the Group of the Party of European Socialists which takes this matter into consideration , and we hope than Mr Van Velzen can show his support for preserving general use services with user charges without them having to be financed out of taxes .
Mr President , Commissioner , when speaking of the information society we should remember that a large-scale reform of communications market law has just been undertaken with new legislative norms being created for the telecommunications and other network business .
We must help the troubled third generation mobile communications business , not restrain it .
The mobile phone industry is a major employer representing the cutting edge of innovation .
Whilst the base station network has grown phenomenally , the figures for cancer in Finland have fallen radically .
It is hard to sell dull facts to the public .
There is more radiation from microwave ovens than there is from base stations .
Public documents must be made available in electronic form .
The Member States must be responsible for seeing to it that the public institutions have sufficient resources available to them .
Mr President , implementation of Internal Market legislation at national level is an absolute prerequisite for achieving the Lisbon objectives .
The increase in the implementation deficit is causing EU markets to splinter and is eroding the benefits of the Internal Market .
In order to maintain our competitiveness it is vital that we increase resources for research and training .
Lower taxation would , for its own part , stimulate European entrepreneurship , one of the pillars of competitiveness .
The EU 's task in this area will be to compile comparable data and propagate best practices .
That is why the decision to place skills and innovation in the frontline of the strategy at the Spring Summit is a welcome one indeed .
The Commission communication is urging Member States to increase investment in skills and innovation over the next twelve months .
A solid skills base will not be built in a year .
Societies which try to make use of the whole nation 's resources , based on a policy of equality , achieve great things .
The share of the population that works has increased in the last ten years .
Education and training policy is the responsibility of the Member States , but we can enhance it though cooperation at EU level .
The ministers for education have agreed on some common targets for education and training systems .
The imbalance between men and women in the areas of mathematics , technology and science must be corrected .
The Commission proposal combines two former regulations , one of which concerns the protection of the forests from air pollution and the other forest fire prevention .
The Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Policy , however , raised this financial framework of EUR 52 million to EUR 67 million .
The opinion of the Committee on Budgets is based on the new Rule 63a in Parliament 's Rules of Procedure , which obliges a committee to adopt a position on the compatibility of proposed legislation with the financial perspective .
This is meant as a guiding principle for the plenary debate , which of course is free to take its own decision .
It should be noted that if the committee responsible increases the financial framework in question it must once again request an opinion from the Committee on Budgets .
The plenary session must have knowledge regarding the compatibility of the financial framework with the financial perspective so that it can take its decision .
Verification of financial compatibility under Rule 63a thus serves , above all , the interests of the committee responsible .
You took account of the substance of our opinion at the preparatory stage when you were doing your own preparatory work .
For that I thank you sincerely .
This unrealistic attitude was particularly apparent in the targets for measuring biodiversity , calculating the frequency of occurrence of species .
With the changes we are making we can guarantee that forestry policy will remain in the hands of individual countries and of the Standing Forest Committee that represents the Member States .
It is owing to these differences that I have strong reservations about any forestry policy being managed from Brussels .
Commitment to monitoring biodiversity , climate change and carbon retention and soils calls for multifunctional action .
There are tasks in this area that we can deal with jointly at European Union level .
As we develop the measures to be taken we nevertheless have to remember that the importance of forests varies greatly in different parts of Europe .
Neither should we develop new institutions .
The Commission must also work in close cooperation with the Standing Forestry Committee .
The Group of the Party of European Socialists agrees that forest fire prevention is an important part of European collaboration and a matter that requires solidarity among us .
The difference of opinion is connected , however , with how this should be financed .
The PSE Group has tabled Amendment No 47 which aims to guarantee that