also voted against Parliament ' s report .
The crisis in the beef sector must be used to reform the organisation of the market , not to introduce still more aid .
The proposal is all too short-term .
Instead , the proposal will introduce still more bureaucratic and expensive premium schemes .
That mainly means reducing prices .
The crisis is therefore a good reason for embarking upon a fundamental reform of agricultural policy .
I merely think that there is another interesting coalition to which attention must be called , namely the coalition between the European parties which , over the heads of the people of Europe , are deciding to enrich themselves through this project .
Thank you , Mr President , for not having overlooked me this time .
I should like to say three things .
It is interesting to note that not a single instance can be found of consideration being given to the fundamental issue , namely that of whether Article 308 can be used to implement a real change in the Treaty .
That is what the issue is about and , when Mr Napolitano now tells us that he is immediately to call an extraordinary meeting of the committee , he might perhaps be requested to see to it that this fundamental issue of legality and the legal basis is examined , at least in such a way that some indications of the legal issue emerge .
Finally , I just want to add my congratulations to that majority which , in accordance with the Rules of Procedure , prevented the matter from coming up for debate .
Mr President , on behalf of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party , I would also thank the rapporteur , Mr Cercas , for his work on the Commission ' s communication , which I consider to be really sound and very informative .
My group thinks it important that the Member States should organise the pensions systems in such a way that more account is taken of the fact that there will be more elderly people in the future .
Economists talk a lot , of course , about the burden of the elderly , and that makes many old people feel they are being held in contempt .
Others see the whole debate about future pension systems as concealing a real desire to undermine security and solidarity , but the intention is , of course , the very opposite , namely to ensure that there are good pensions in the future , too , and to remedy deficiencies and absurdities in the present systems .
I believe and hope that the broader agenda will promote grassroots support for the reforms of the pensions system .
It is only right and proper that we should each of us take responsibility for our own old age .
A side benefit is that pensions savings through active investments can help secure the prosperity that is the basis for pensions of the future .
For that reason , we do not want an unduly restrictive framework to be imposed upon the coordination of countries ' reforms , and this will be reflected in the way in which the Liberal Group votes .
Mr President , SOS Democracy and the Group for a Europe of Democracies and Diversities unanimously rejects the proposal to use the flexible clause of the Treaty , Article 308 , to finance supranational parties at EU level .
The Court of Justice has laid down that Article 308 cannot be used instead of Treaty changes .
The content will , unfortunately , also be unlawful following the Treaty of Nice because the latter does not deal with supranational European parties .
The Schleicher report would provide some parties with special aid not available to other parties .
In a democracy , it is the electorate alone that decides who is represented in Parliament , and the parties must compete on an equal footing .
It is not for the majority in Parliament to correct the election results by forcing the entire electorate to contribute to the financing of five supranational EU parties .
I would call upon the groups to talk the matter through with Parliament ' s own legal service and , at least , to defer the vote until the next session .
The extent to which there are , or are not , to be European parties must be a matter for the peoples of Europe and , in a democratic society , this is not something in which Parliament or a Commission should get involved .
It is about giving money to European parties , and that is quite a different matter .
In that case , however , we must demand that they clean up their acts .
Instead , a system is now being devised in which the parties themselves can put their fingers in the till .
In Germany , the figure is 3 % , which is certainly a very good reflection of the situation in my own country .
It is an enormous problem we are creating .
It will be difficult to face the electorate at the next parliamentary election .
We have just had a foretaste of what we can expect if the Regulation we are debating today were to be implemented .
It stands to reason that Article 111 of the Rules of Procedure cannot be used as this majority has used it .
The majority decides ; the majority is always right ; that is the attitude .
They will have problems because it stands to reason that this Regulation cannot be implemented with Article 308 as its legal basis .
Article 308 cannot be used to alter the Treaty , but that is what in reality is being done because the Treaty of Nice , which contains the necessary legal basis , has not come into force