The IMO draft Convention on ship recycling signals some progress in this area .
Apart from this , the convention will be effective only if accompanied by the adoption of measures at national and regional level .
The report contains interesting and useful ideas , which we shall study carefully when devising our strategy .
Let me mention three issues you have touched on .
As Mrs Grossetête has proposed , we must also list the facilities that meet higher standards .
In addition , in view of the fact that most ships of European origin will be broken and turned into waste outside Community waters , a binding international regime really must be enacted .
What we can ensure , however , is the requirement that warships , other state-owned ships and those receiving state aid should be broken up exclusively in facilities that are environmentally well run , in Europe or in OECD countries .
You are asking the Commission to examine the possibility of imposing compulsory insurance as a guarantee of environmentally friendly recycling .
The Commission is to examine the existing options .
We shall , at any rate , keep a close watch on developments ; we shall not hesitate to take regulatory measures if the market remains unable to provide a solution to this problem .
The report confirms the European Parliament 's support for an ambitious Community policy on combating climate change .
We shall thus be able to deal effectively with this great threat to the planet .
Thanks to these findings , many world leaders have accepted that there is indeed an urgent need to take measures .
This report puts across more clearly than ever before the scientific message given by the IPCC and other sources in 2007 .
Not only do we not have the luxury of waiting but , worse still , the time we have is very limited .
There must be a worldwide transition to a low-CO2 economy , and small but important changes are needed in many aspects of our everyday lives .
For this reason , support will be necessary , especially to the most vulnerable among the developing countries , which will face the gravest problems .
Persuading our international partners to sign the ambitious agreement is our objective and will require a titanic effort .
This means a 25-40 % reduction in their emissions by 2020 from the 1990 level .
As well as working with developed countries , we must also work to achieve ambitious commitments on emission reduction from developing countries , especially the more advanced ones .
There is increased awareness of the need to take steps to combat climate change .
We must support them bilaterally and multilaterally .
We shall have many opportunities during the coming months and next year to put across our message .
We shall make use of all these opportunities .
It is very important that the vision should be negotiated on the basis of the authoritative scientific opinions that we have at our disposal .
In particular , let me point out that the EU , either as the EU-15 or the EU-27 , will meet the Kyoto target , and there is no doubt about that .
For the record , the figures you supplied earlier are correct .
At the end of the period the Kyoto Protocol has given us to fulfil our obligations , the EU-15 will be at least 8 % below , and the EU-27 at least 11 % below the 1990 level .
The resolution reminds us of the dangers involved in uncontrolled climate change , which will affect human society in a variety of ways and will seriously impact our economies and cultural traditions .
The recent food price crisis is the most palpable example to date of what may happen : reduced harvests in many parts of the world are caused by extreme weather conditions .
There is a need for the support and prospects offered by technology .
It is important for the EU to take advantage of every opportunity for dialogue with the main developing countries , so that there is agreement on what exactly this means and how the EU can support such actions , either through cooperation in formulating policy , technical assistance , the transfer of know-how and the provision of incentives on the CO2 market , or through financial assistance .
Consumers should be prepared and made more aware of how much greenhouse gas is generated by their lifestyle and consumer habits .
The package of measures on climate change and energy now at the co-decision stage gives us a head start in the transition .
I hope Parliament will continue in this constructive manner .
Firstly , it must continue to strengthen reforms in all its sectors and structures .
Secondly , it must show complete and absolute respect for human rights and the rights of minorities .
Fourthly , Turkey must maintain good neighbourly relations in general , and with Greece in particular .
Madam President , I have read the report by my fellow Member Mrs Oomen-Ruijten with great interest and respect , and I congratulate her .
Let us not forget the Tanzimat reforms or the reforms of Abdul Hamit and Hatt-ı Hümayun .
( The President cut off the speaker ) Mr President , I thank the shadow rapporteurs once again for their excellent cooperation .
Neither the Council nor the Commission accepts these amendments .
I ask you : are we going to sacrifice this success ?
I therefore call on you to reject these amendments so that we can make good the significant progress achieved in our agreement with the Council over protecting the environment and public health .
The Commission nonetheless insists on promoting fluorescent bulbs to save energy , knowing that they contain at least 5 mg mercury each , a particularly dangerous amount , given the number of bulbs in every home or workplace .
Responsibility