We all know that , at the level of the ERDF and ESF Funds , and of the CAP Fund and so on , it is the Member States that add further complexities to our own European administrative complexities .
The report submitted to us , which I personally support , fits into this context .
In its sinful pride , the European Union wants to jump on the bandwagon and is trying to set up , under its rule , this type of relationship within a European Judicial Network arranged around national contact points .
In the end , war was avoided , the retreat was started and , above all - thanks to all the Member States of the EU - Europe remained united .
I am thinking in particular of that infamous weekend when we needed to mobilise EUR 22 billion in credit for Hungary , which was itself under attack after it had been necessary to mobilise EUR 17 billion for Ukraine .
This is a dialogue that we need and that the Arabs need .
What were they ?
With regard to migration policy , it is inconceivable for Europe - most of whose countries are in the Schengen area , which is based on the free movement of persons and goods - to keep going without developing common principles for establishing a common immigration policy .
I know that this is a stretch for some of you , as it is for certain governments which believed that the Commission needed to be smaller in order to be more effective .
That means that , if things turn out as I hope they will - though it is up to the Irish to decide - the Treaty of Lisbon will enter into force only one year late .
It is a mistake to try to go over the heads of the elected representatives of their countries : that is not a European ideal , that is fundamentalism , and I have fought against fundamentalism all my life , even European fundamentalism , because , when I hear ' European fundamentalism' , I forget the word Europe and only hear the word fundamentalism , and fundamentalism is never a good idea .
We must not wait for tomorrow , but take decisions now , and I have every confidence in the Czech Presidency that it will keep up the work of the French Presidency .
This historic breakthrough , if it is confirmed in this House tomorrow , signals a victory for Europe as a partner , in other words for European institutions that have worked hand in hand with the Member States in a spirit of cooperation and with a strong common will to succeed .
Nothing would have been possible without Parliament 's commitment and without the tireless work of your rapporteurs , committee chairmen and coordinators of political groups .
In all these areas , continued close cooperation between the Community institutions will remain key to success .
We need to keep the integrity of our internal market .
Mr Barroso , Mr Sarkozy , ladies and gentlemen , I welcome the result achieved during the European Council on the energy and climate change package .
I will finish , once again , by thanking the French Presidency for its political efforts , and I hope that the next Presidency will show the same commitment .
I would also like to thank specifically our rapporteurs .
I would like to add that the first reading agreement is an exception .
We can hand over the entire European project to these people , to Mr Ganley and his machinations .
That is my problem with the French Presidency .
Nothing else !
Last week , the prominent dissident Liu Xiaobo was arrested in Beijing .
For all that , ought one to speak about a historic agreement and one that will make the European Union a model ?
There are so many common-sense questions that it would be very wise to answer before any other consideration .
Mr Schulz and Mr Daul have allowed us to build , to move Europe forwards .
Technocracy , however , is not about having technical knowledge ; it is about never putting any feeling into it .
It is nonetheless strange - and here Mr Barroso will correct me , if necessary - that , when a country wishes to reduce VAT on all products , it can make the decision completely on its own .
I think that is a reasonable agreement ; now a decision has to be made .
I will give you my opinion .
I will tell you why , Mr Cohn-Bendit , because I have known you personally for a long time .
Really doing politics in Europe , giving back political choices to Europeans , while respecting tolerance and openness towards each other is very much what has been lacking .
What are we to say then about the other 26 countries which ratified the Treaty , some of them by referendum too , and which , from this point of view , would have to give up their choice ?
We do not treat the chairmen of political groups in this way , we do not treat the President of the European Parliament in this way and we do not treat the symbols of Europe in this way ; whatever one 's political commitment , that does not happen and should not happen .
What has not worked in recent years is that the large countries have sought to avoid and sometimes shirk the responsibilities that it was their duty to accept .
There are ideas going around , but we have yet to see what is to be presented .
If anyone thinks that the European Parliament is stronger because the Commission is weaker , or that the Commission is stronger because the Council is weaker , he is fundamentally wrong .
Sometimes I have been criticised because