Climate change is worsening desertification , although until now it has been mostly local activity which has affected it , such as logging and inappropriate farming , irrigation and cattle breeding methods .
Combating desertification entails the prevention of hunger and , through that , the prevention of conflict .
Last June the UN warned that over the next 10 years desertification could drive 50 million people from their homes , mainly in sub-Saharan Africa and Central Asia .
The Darfur crisis has been described as the first climate change conflict .
As stated in the resolution , there needs to be investment in sustainable land use .
There was a flourishing culture there at one time , but when the forests were cut down the soil became poor , the islands turned into dry grasslands , and a thriving culture collapsed in a short space of time .
Our energy industry is affected not only by outsiders , but also by our own mistakes .
These should not be forgotten .
I want to draw your attention first of all to the position regarding electricity produced from renewable forms of energy .
Renewable energy should also be a means of relieving fuel poverty .
Meanwhile , in Europe , there cannot be a viable single energy market as long as most of the Member States fail to adhere to jointly-made agreements .
Sector-specific targets for renewable energy at national level therefore need to be established with careful consideration .
The circumstances relating to energy vary enormously .
Nuclear power , as an emission-free form of energy , should not raise the target for renewable energy .
When a bog is exploited first for peat production and then either for afforestation or the cultivation of reed canary grass , it has less of an effect on climate .
Sugar quotas have been reduced by 2.2 million tonnes but at the same time the Commission has been selling millions of tonnes of new quotas .
For example , Germany has increased its production from what was around 240 000 tonnes a year and France from what was 350 000 tonnes a year .
It is primarily just the small countries that have reduced their production .
The result of this has been that the small countries and those countries which are poorer off in terms of their natural conditions have had to reduce their sugar production .
On the other hand , it has also come from farmers , whose producer prices have gone down .
The industry is being paid huge amounts in compensation and we are getting very little in return .
It should also be taken into consideration because all countries , including those which have reduced their sugar production , still have to pay prices for sugar which are higher than global market prices , although they are simply not allowed to produce it because the industry has decided against it .
In the same way , in the future we will need to ensure that we do not start applying any similar kind of system to other areas of agricultural production . on behalf of the PPE-DE Group . - Mr President , sometimes , in this Chamber , we cannot really see the political differences between groups , but , on this issue , the difference is very visible , because I could not disagree more with the rapporteur on some of the points she just mentioned .
First of all , this report is about the Lisbon Strategy and what we should do to restore Europe 's global competitiveness .
Taxation has a crucial role to play in this respect , in bringing competitiveness to Europe .
We need more investments , more growth , and more , flourishing businesses in Europe .
If we have fruitful tax competition in Europe , governments cannot put obstacles in the way of the single market .
That is what we want : a genuine single market without tax-made obstacles .
The total tax revenue has remained remarkably stable , thanks to increased economic activity .
So , one third of all the tax goes to compliance .
Finally , industry wishes to see a well-managed and simple tax administration system .
In the end , we need a consolidated corporate tax base .
Member of the Commission . - Mr President , let me first congratulate Ms Oomen-Ruijten on her solid report and for proposing a draft that is both rigorous and fair .
Despite such challenges , it conducted parliamentary and presidential elections in full respect of democratic principles and with a very high level of citizen participation .
Thus the way ahead has been cleared in this regard .
This means to support the commitment of the new Turkish Government to strengthen the reform efforts and to encourage it to translate this commitment rapidly into action .
However , this should not result in any postponement of reforms that are urgently needed today , such as the revision of the infamous Article 301 of the Turkish Penal Code and other articles related to freedom of expression or the adoption of the Law on Foundations to ensure freedom of religion .
Further efforts are also needed to ensure democratic supremacy of civil-military relations , to protect the rights of women , children and trade unions , to improve the judiciary system and to enhance the fight against corruption .
Turkey faces continual cross-border terrorist attacks from the PKK , which is on the EU list of terrorist organisations .
We continue to urge Turkey and Iraq to tackle this problem through cooperation between the relevant authorities and by respecting international law .
The resolution passed in Parliament last week should be seen as part of that overall political strategy .
However , if we are to use this principle effectively to have serious political leverage to encourage reforms , the European Union