in terms of society and integration .
The European Union must not content itself with handing out money , it must hold the reins of this environmental policy .
It is thanks to LIFE and the proper overall functioning of Natura 2000 that 20 % of Belgium territory is now classified as a special nature protection area .
History was not written in advance , it is no more so today .
This programme covers the following objectives : promoting the transnational mobility of people working in the culture sector , encouraging the transnational circulation of works of art and cultural and artistic products , and promoting intercultural dialogue .
Mrs Wideroos , I shall leave it to you to choose a suitable adverb to characterise this reduction .
If , moreover , Parliament can make criticisms of the way in which policies are administered by the other institutions , it is because such criticism is authorised by the Treaty , the institutional agreements and actual practice .
Overbooking is one of the items that will be dealt with in this study , and the Commission will obviously wait to learn the results of the study before it decides whether or not there are grounds to adapt the legislation .
Subject : Protection of youngsters in chat rooms Internet forums and chat rooms are used predominantly by young people .
We therefore also greatly appreciate the open and responsible attitude with which the Spanish Prime Minister , José Luis Zapatero , has taken this opportunity to endeavour to achieve peace , in particular in his speech on 28 June 2005 , by choosing the path of dialogue while taking care to respect the laws and legal procedures in force in his country .
In Europe , we have until now had practically nothing along those lines .
What is more , you have already seen an initial sign of what is to come in the form of the proposal on energy efficiency that we have just tabled .
If we have , in the end , supported the resolution by the Group of the European People 's Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats , it is because it states what is our own conviction , namely that ETA has not fulfilled the conditions for becoming a credible negotiating partner .
The same goes for the consistency of the positions adopted by Parliament .
That is all I have to say on market conditions .
In the new financial regulation submitted for Parliament 's approval , we have proposed a 30 % rate of support for the waterway projects and the inclusion of these projects in the multi-annual programme .
Mr President , I should like to begin by echoing what was said in this excellent debate and by thanking all of the speakers .
Mrs Lichtenberger , you asked me about the monitoring of dangerous transport .
Thus , the choice of private partner must be the result of a competitive and non-discriminatory procedure and must enable the partners to get all of the added value out of such a partnership in the long term .
That is what I wanted to say about concessions .
Let us hope that the text will be adopted tomorrow .
The Commission recognises that clarification is required in order to determine the extent to which Community law applies to the delegation of tasks to public bodies and which forms of cooperation remain outside the scope of the provisions on the internal market .
On the basis of the results of this impact study , the Commission will then - most probably next year - decide whether the cost-benefit ratio warrants such a legislative initiative and will , if necessary , prepare a legislative proposal .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , as I see it , Mrs Bérès ' report is a demonstration that the monetary policy pursued by the ECB is a failure .
You mentioned this in your speech , Commissioner , and I am grateful for your having done so .
To conclude , I am delighted that the Commission has launched this investigation and I hope - allow me to emphasise this point - that it communicates the results with all due transparency so that we might make progress in preventing any incidents of this kind .
On a similar theme , the industry is keen for the choice of executive director to be based on objective criteria of experience and technical knowledge , rather than on political criteria .
I extend a warm vote of thanks to Parliament for the invaluable help it has given us in implementing this project which , as I said before , should give the EU the best possible air navigation system .
Members do confirm that this is a more political programme , as recognised by Mrs Grossetête , whom I thank for her general support for the programme .
We are sticking to these objectives .
Instead of asking them all to make the presentations designed for statistical purposes , we shall ask for information on a sampling basis and confine ourselves to requiring only a portion of the information otherwise available .
That is our programme . - Growth - Employment - Competitiveness on behalf of the ALDE Group . - ( FR ) Madam President , Commissioners , ladies and gentlemen , there is a time for words and there is a time for action .
We therefore also need to provide legal immigration routes for people looking for work .
The second programme comprises support for the South African Government 's Comprehensive HIV/Aids Care Management and Treatment Plan , amounting to EUR 25 million .
For any action concerning migration and development to be crowned with success , it must be exhaustive and integrated , and we must use our financial instruments in the short and medium term and embark on an enhanced political dialogue , particularly with our African partners .
