that they will be granted a reprieve from the President of Turkmenistan .
In Sudan , as the previous speaker said , human rights are violated daily by both the government and the rebels .
A new article for insertion into the constitution has been approved by the National Assembly and now awaits adoption by the Senate .
There is , however , one point that we must make as forcefully as possible .
Mr President , my honourable colleague Mr Bertens has already given us the horrifying statistic : 300 000 children are fighting in armed conflicts throughout the world .
We in the European Union have dared to abolish war .
It is a matter of integrating federalism and the rights of ethnic groups , because if I feel that my dignity and my special identity are respected in the wider community , I shall want to stay in that community because of the benefits I derive from it .
In theory , we have the right - and we have often exercised it - to reject joint texts and then vote on the originals .
Intercultural lessons , projects undertaken by schoolchildren and the active involvement of parents help to nurture the growth of a tolerant intercultural society .
Unfortunately , we have wasted a great deal of time since Maastricht .
Attempts to integrate ethnic minorities into the labour market have met with varying degrees of success .
I believe this actually leads us to ask two more questions .
At the last part-session here in Parliament , one of the topical and urgent subjects we dealt with related to General Makashov , who is a member of the Central Committee of the Communist Party , who based part of his election campaign on the slogan ' Kill all Jews !' , who is a member of the Duma and who has never been properly taken to task - as he should have been - for his statements in the Duma .
The first is the Recommendation on the International Transport of Dangerous Goods on Inland Waterways .
The Minister of Justice rejected the suggestion , saying that the government and parliament were not supermarkets which are required to mark all egg packaging with sell-by dates .
I occasionally have my doubts about the Council , though .
If we invest services which are supposed to be assisting us in our work with the power to formulate our political will , we are neglecting our duty as Members of Parliament .
But let me say the following about the Minutes : I see that the votes on discharge and the Elles report are minuted , but I cannot find the text of the motions on which we voted and which , in my view , ought to be recorded in the Minutes , because in the event of a referral back to committee , Article 6 of Annex V of the Rules of Procedure requires us to comment at the next part-session on the result of the parliamentary vote .
That is why I would ask you to have the Rules Committee examine the motion , thereby preventing the dilemma that might otherwise face us in January .
You can be proud of it .
In Hungary , thankfully , that has not happened , for the majority of the largest television network and largest private television network is in Hungarian and European hands today .
After all , total transparency and comparability mean that distortions of competition will now have a greater impact than ever before .
Yesterday , we voted to create a system of European warranty law by adopting the directive on certain aspects of the sale of consumer goods and associated guarantees after the second reading .
The completion of the single European market has turned out to be a far more complex political regulatory task than was envisaged in the original strategy , which essentially relied on the automatic apolitical functioning of the deregulated market forces .
It would be a clear belittling of the most important issue which this House will be debating between now and the year 2006 simply to postpone it and say we will deal with this at the two-day mini-session in Brussels .
Applause Mr Santer , you said at a press conference this morning - in Bonn , presumably - that the Commission had become the victim of its own transparency .
But the crisis is not always used to make a new beginning .
You listed them just now .
Our response will depend on yours .
Parliament must therefore call its bluff !
That destroys the credibility of you all !
At first people derided this project as merely a vision , but thanks to resolute action it has become a reality .
But politics is not about taking one 's cue from daily opinion surveys ; it is about doing the right thing and winning the people of Europe over to it .
The agreement reached by the Bonn coalition government - which is of European significance - provides that in the next European Commission both posts will be occupied by the government parties .
During that concluding debate , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , you will find that the liberals will speak very objectively and with all the necessary fairness .
My second point is this .
So do give us a little help here .
Against the background of a history spanning a thousand years of European wars , 50 years of peace in most of Europe is a very short time and there is no guarantee that it will continue if we do not make fresh efforts every day to seek agreement , to seek common institutions and common decisions in the European Union .
Mr President-in-Office of the Council , play your part in ensuring that we do so and achieve our aim