concerns .
The country is at a critical juncture of its fragile democracy .
Over the last weeks and months , the Commission and the seven Member States with representations in Dhaka , as well as the wider international community , have been intensely engaged with the main party leaders and election stakeholders , urging all of them to agree on an electoral framework that achieves the trust of all parties .
The EU regional Troika in February , local EU Presidency representatives and several high-level visits from the Commission and Member States have consistently emphasised the need for impartial guidance of the country by the Caretaker Government in the pre-electoral period , a neutral Election Commission , and a credible voter list .
Preparation for the deployment of EU observers , including internal procedures between the institutions for financing the mission , are currently under way .
The Commission shares Parliament 's concerns over the widespread violence against journalists .
Member of the Commission .
In fact , there has been no progress in the EU 's main areas of concern , and in many respects the situation has worsened .
The list of examples is long and grim : an increased use of the death penalty and the occurrence of juvenile executions continue to be of grave concern ; ethnic and religious minorities continue to suffer from discrimination ; the status of women remains poor ; freedom of expression has been further curtailed ; and the closure of newspapers , intimidation and prosecution of journalists and the clampdown on bloggers have all continued .
Unfortunately , as has been said in this House , it seems that the Iranian authorities are less willing than they have been in the past to take our requests into serious consideration or to make any tangible efforts to improve the situation .
Since Tehran maintains that the bilateral human rights dialogue and UN-type resolutions are mutually exclusive , it has signalled that it would consider calling off the session of the EU-Iran dialogue on human rights , scheduled for December .
We remain convinced that constructive dialogue , accompanied by cooperative projects both bilaterally and through UN agencies is the most realistic means to engage in the field of human rights .
They went there in order to breathe some fresh air , watch ' The Bold and the Beautiful ' and check out the benchmark of democracy in that troubled region .
The crux of the matter in our relations with Iran is that , irrespective of positive or negative developments on the nuclear issue , which is extremely important , without a systematic improvement of the human rights situation in Iran , our relations with that country cannot develop properly , no matter how much potential our relationship might otherwise have in terms of economic and energy cooperation .
I welcome your efforts to develop contacts with your interlocutors from the Majlis , as well as with the widest possible spectrum of Iranian society .
Mr President , I would like to thank the rapporteurs , Mr Van Orden and Mr Moscovici , for their well-balanced , substantive reports , which , like the Commission reports , give credit to progress , but also highlight the areas where outstanding issues still exist for both countries .
The key to their success was a combination of their own efforts with the strong encouragement and support of all institutions of the Union , not least of this House .
The Commission looks forward to welcoming Bulgaria and Romania as fully-fledged members of the European Union on 1 January .
Bulgaria and Romania have continued to make progress after the publication of the September report .
Cooperation between the prosecutor 's office and the police has improved , resulting in indictments and the dismantling of criminal groups .
So far , signs in other areas which were critical in September , such as aviation safety in Bulgaria and motor vehicle insurance systems in both countries , are rather positive .
Products from pigs and live pigs are not allowed to be exported from Bulgaria and Romania to the internal market , due to the existence of classical swine fever .
This mechanism will enable the Commission to keep a close eye on developments in these very important areas .
The Commission has identified benchmarks for both countries , which they need to fulfil in these critical areas .
It will be adopted before the end of 2006 .
I can assure you that the Commission will apply the appropriate safeguard measures if one of the countries fails to fulfil the benchmarks adequately .
I should like to thank you for your support - in particular the rapporteurs , Mr Van Orden and Mr Moscovici , the Committee on Foreign Affairs and Parliament as a whole - and for your constructive , substantive approach over the past years for this important step for our common European project , which will now continue with two important new Member States .
It is a very honourable way to welcome Bulgaria and Romania to the European Union in the spirit of evolving European democracy .
I want to use this last opportunity , at least this year , to discuss one or two issues , in particular concerning the Hungarian minority in Romania .
Over the years , the situation of the Hungarian minority in Romania has improved .
Some speakers raised the issue of the future of our enlargement policy .
In my view , it is necessary that we start to intensify our work for institutional reform .
That means we trust that , as the European Council outlined in June , the four Presidencies over the next two years - the German , Portuguese and Slovenian Presidencies , and the French Presidency in the second half of 2008 - along with our Member States , with the support of Parliament and the Commission , will be able to achieve a new interinstitutional settlement .
