they can make the right choices .
In the name of financial discipline and competitiveness , it promotes , with the cooperation of the IMF , the application , in almost all of Europe , of harsh austerity programmes which take income and rights away from the workers and condemn the economies of its Member States to recession .
The motion does not overturn the structural and institutional problems of EMU and does not make provision for Community solidarity mechanisms .
The joint motion for a resolution on the EU 2020 strategy is intended to replace the admittedly unsuccessful Lisbon Strategy .
Investment in the innovation market is seriously overdue .
Low productivity is directly linked to the lack of new and innovative ideas .
For 23 consecutive days and nights , they mercilessly pounded Gaza , where 1.5 million people living in densely populated areas were blockaded , causing the death of 1 400 people , destroying the material infrastructure and leaving behind them ash and burning rubble .
Has Israel been forced to answer for this blatant violation of human rights ?
We owe it to the dead activists , to the victims on both sides in this long-standing dispute , to the peoples of Israel and Palestine .
This sector is trying to find its niche between fisheries , agriculture , ecology , tourism and competition from third countries and , despite that , is doing fairly well .
Clearly European aquaculture , which has to comply with a series of rules under labour , environmental and commercial legislation , is subject to unfair competition .
We have a chance now to reconsolidate it , so that it sets the standard for viable economic and social development in Europe .
We are talking about a single gang of exploiters which involves listed multinational football clubs , agents companies , the sports press and gaming .
As far as money laundering is concerned , the whole world knows that it happens and we had no need to wait for the study on agents .
I voted in favour of the report on football players ' agents .
In 2006 , the EU introduced the first global multilateral agreement on export controls , in order to prevent the international trade in instruments of torture , and it has made an express undertaking in favour of a total ban on them within the framework of its human rights policy .
Despite Community funding ( totalling approximately EUR 12 million per annum ) for programmes to prohibit this sort of equipment , there are still legal loopholes in Regulation (EC ) No 1236/2005 which allow companies to continue to trade illegally in goods used for torture .
Climate change is being used by capital to find a profitable way out into new areas of business .
The abolition of cabotage under Regulation ( EEC ) No 3577/92 is having painful consequences on seamen and workers and on island dwellers .
Thousands of workers are being thrown into the Kaiada of unemployment by the thousand .
The preparation of the next White Paper on transport is a turning point , giving us the opportunity to rethink the transport policy guidelines and , hence , the 'hard infrastructure ' of the EU common market .
Mr President , Commissioner , I , too , should like to take my turn , as vice-chair of the Committee on Petitions , in expressing my thanks to my good friend , Mr Iturgaiz , for the very important report which he has drafted , especially as , having evaluated the statistics , he highlights the crucial role of the Committee on Petitions in contacts between European citizens and the European Parliament and , alongside the institution of the European Ombudsman , in building up their trust in the European Union and its representatives .
This agreement is yet another initiative on the part of the European Union which is designed to stamp out terrorism and it adds to overall European efforts being made in this direction .
This is a mechanism that concentrates on hunting down people trying to cross the EU borders without travel documents in a way which not only fails to respect their fundamental human rights , but also drives many of them to even more hazardous attempts to enter , often at the cost of their own lives and , of course , strengthens human trafficking gangs .
Also , despite her attempts to support the labour rights of young workers and provide them with social services , the rapporteur has , unfortunately , insisted on the flexicurity approach .
Unemployment in numerous Member States of the European Union has recorded an unprecedented increase ; a typical example is Greece , where unemployment among young people is currently 27.5 % .
I voted against the Gruny report because , despite the improvements made by the amendments agreed in the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs , this is a report that promotes the flexicurity approach and other neoliberal arrangements which result in job insecurity .
For the same reasons , by which I mean the insistence on the 'balanced flexicurity ' approach , I voted against the motion for a resolution tabled by the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance .
That is because it does not guarantee large profits for capital , nor does it link up with the other equally environmentally destructive euro-unifying policies to promote the incineration of biomass and biofuels .
That decision , like the decision to create a European Financial Stability Facility , finally sent an - albeit belated - message of unity and solidarity in the euro area to the international markets .
The European Central Bank demonstrated the same willingness and solidarity in its decision on temporary intervention in the secondary bond market , a practice which is fully in keeping with the more general spirit of the decision by the finance ministers in the euro area