The twentieth century bore witness to the most horrendous crimes committed in the name of racist doctrines which , we should bear in mind , took place in Europe , whose civilisation was the birthplace of the great declarations on rights .
Judging history with the eyes of the present is a pernicious exercise in populism that simplifies the complex and , consequently , offends the truth .
Our collective European responsibility is expressed in the unreserved confirmation of our place in the front line of combat , by the universal affirmation of human rights and rights protecting against racism and xenophobia and in the determination to pursue and extend its constructive role on the international stage , by liberating humanity from all discrimination based on hatred , prejudice and ignorance .
First of all , because a project of this scale requires close international cooperation .
The reasons that the European Union must use in its definition ' Development , installation and use ' of a system of this type are , of course , quite different .
This violent and anti-modernist proselytism is anti-Western by definition .
But , now what ?
That is obvious .
Will it not be the most elementary common sense to give absolute priority to the strategy for the Mediterranean and provide new impetus to partnerships with the Muslim countries ?
It is not only the lack of legislation at national or European level , or the lack of coordinated policing at international level .
They are usually more deadly , affecting more civilians and not hesitating to use any means to massacre .
Hence the proposals we submitted on upholding the legalisation of all immigrants , our insistence on the need for recognition of civil and political rights , namely the right to vote in local and European elections and the guarantee of equal treatment in terms of economic , cultural and social rights .
It is also necessary to take the cost of financing it into account , especially the share that may be demanded of countries that do not participate directly in its creation , in order not to hinder its implementation in the various Member States .
The need for the immediate suspension of the Stability Pact is , therefore , very topical .
Within this framework , many people are questioning the validity of the restrictive and fundamentalist way in which the Growth and Stability Pact has been interpreted and the consequences that this interpretation may have on the very process of development and cohesion in Europe .
This cannot and must not be confused with any laxity or inefficiency by the revenue authorities , much less with relinquishing in the medium term a policy of adjustment supported by budgetary procedures and a serious and ongoing effort to control public spending and improve administrative efficiency at every level .
We wish to once again affirm our complete and unequivocal condemnation of the terrorist acts witnessed in the United States of America , and the need to provide a response based on joint action and international cooperation within the UN that fully respects its Charter .
We wish , once again , to state our total condemnation of the terrorist acts witnessed in the United States and , once again , pay respect to the suffering and the struggle of the victims ' families and of the American people and call for the fight against terrorism not to contribute to creating more victims .
Japan is now experiencing a recession .
I voted in favour of the excellent report presented to us by Mrs Peijs for the following reasons .
This is particularly important because features of demographic change have been - as the United Nations ' report for 2000 quite rightly points out - a slowdown in the growth of the population of active age and the increase in the population over 65 years old , which raises the enormous concern of maintaining the social security system or even of trying to prevent potential economic hardship arising as a result of having an insufficiently large workforce for our labour markets .
We also disagree with the idea that public investment is not a solution to the crisis or that it is generally poorly managed and led , which is why we have tabled a proposal for an amendment that highlights the importance of public investment for economic growth and employment .
We also reject its call for Member States to move ahead rapidly and in a uniform way on opening up the energy , transport and postal services markets .
The rapporteur , as well as agreeing with the Commission proposal , highlights the need to speed up and complete the process of liberalisation in sectors such as postal services , electricity and energy , which we are bound to reject , since , in general , this is designed to demote the State to a role of merely regulating the activities of public services , establishing supposedly independent regulatory bodies , which are directly or indirectly controlled by economic and financial groups .
HIV/Aids , malaria and tuberculosis are , therefore , a terrible threat to the social and economic development of the poorest communities , and as Mr Khanbhai argues , require a rapid , effective and wide-ranging response , in which the EU must take the lead .
The purpose of celebrating this day is to discuss the serious nature of social problems as striking as extreme poverty , which affects more than one billion people across the world , who are forced to live on less than one dollar per day .
We are facing very old problems that concern world development and we must think about the scandal that is war and corruption in so many countries that subject their citizens to the most abject poverty .
In particular , I wish to refer to Carlos Costa Neves , who