their concerns .
In my view this is the best possible response to the ‘no’ votes to the Constitution earlier this year .
You know that the future enlargements are of concern to a large number of Europeans .
We also need to review the comitology procedure , just as we also want to be more involved in the essential process of simplifying legislation .
It is up to you to put pressure on the UK Presidency to break the deadlock in Europe .     .
That is what a study carried out by the World Wide Fund indicates , and it would be interesting if , as part of this sustainable development strategy , the Commission were to tell us whether it recognises this finding and if it draws any conclusions from it in terms of European public policies .
One final word , Mr Barroso : one Christmas day in the fifth century A.D. , the Rhine froze over following a climate change .
Thousands of chariots of fire crossed the Rhine , and Rome was plundered .
I merely want us to coordinate our investments so that we can use our economic interdependence proactively .
This is important , because we have endeavoured to respond to many of your expectations .
When we announce a new strategy for sustainable development , which we are going to present in December , that also shows our commitment to this problem .
That said , I want Parliament to know that the Commission will be rigorous and systematic in its evaluation of the progress made by all the candidate countries .
We agree on that .
The judgment delivered by the president , Mr Cotte , by the court reporter Mrs Caron , and by council members Mr Le Gall , Mr Pelletier , Mr Corneloup , Mrs Ponroy and Mrs Koering-Joulin , seriously and deliberately ignores Article 26 of the French constitution on parliamentary immunity by refusing to grant this immunity with regard to the illegal phone tapping committed against our former fellow Member Mr Marchiani .
Hence the need for the principle of ‘one substance , one registration’ .
For my part , I have always advocated the idea that the system adopted should be technically and economically sustainable for business and , to this end , promote consortiums .
Today , the medical profession is certain : it is humans , all over the planet , who are intoxicated .
How , too , can we draw up a study plan with a view to the substitution of a dangerous substance ?
The essential thing is to examine the content of a possible agreement between the three institutions .
In itself , this ban would not therefore be sufficient to prevent illegally sourced timber from entering the Union .
The assessment is under way and it is being carried out in close cooperation with the Member States , since many of the potential measures fall within national competence .
This is something we managed to do on a technical level with diamonds , for example ; there are now perfectly accurate ways of certifying the origin of a diamond .
This is justified by the fact that debt relief releases funds for the purpose of helping poor countries develop that had previously been channelled into servicing that debt .
If the will is there , the finances can be found , and I believe that the political will is indeed there .
In conclusion , I have the impression that we will be able to increase development assistance substantially in the years ahead .     .
People who work on this type of registration are generally Congolese citizens who have been trained by the company that has provided the kits and , when millions of people are being registered , we must of course expect a percentage of purely technical errors and handling errors .
I have also been able to observe how it was working on the ground , and I must tell you that it was rather impressive .
The accusation is entirely unfounded and , therefore , while I am not saying that all of the press is like this , I can tell you that the press can criticise anybody , whether it be the President or anybody else .
It should , however , be clear that to rush into opening the whole Pandora’s box of the Balkans at a time when the Union has no Constitution or budget and when all the governments of the large continental countries are weakened as a result of serious internal problems , is pure folly .
We must go further as regards information .
As you have reminded us , the tragic events of last summer had increased the onus on us to adopt new measures to enhance air passenger safety and information .
That is what I have to say in relation to the black list , but there is also the section dealing with passenger information and this regulation imposes an obligation on sellers of tickets : to inform passengers of the identity of the airline with which they will actually be travelling .
Do you fear the diplomatic consequences in relation to certain sensitive countries ?
We have done this in the maritime field , and tomorrow we will probably have to do so for air transport .
Finally , I would like to acknowledge the speed with which you have dealt with this issue without compromising its quality .
A short time before the start of the war in Iraq , General Morillon put the European Parliament on its guard by saying : ‘there is no such thing as a clean war’ .
The extensive participation of the people in the electoral process constitutes a reason for feeling optimistic about Iraq’s burgeoning democracy .
There are indeed grounds for fearing that , in this context , global warming will increase the divide between the developed world and countries whose development is lagging behind