This means that it will be possible for major parts of the social systems in the Member States to be changed by a majority in Brussels , even if a unanimous French National Assembly , a British House of Commons and a Dutch Lower House should be against this .
These are matters which we ourselves shall no longer be able to decide upon as voters and no longer be able to change on election day .
Mr Prodi also announced greater transparency , but his draft regulation signals a clear backward step , and that is not only my assessment , but also that of the European Ombudsman .
Today , the Commission is obliged , on a case-by-case basis , to weigh considerations of confidentiality against people ' s demands for , and expectation of , transparency and , if the Commission ' s regulation is adopted , the Commission will be entitled to lock away whole categories of documents without having to give them specific consideration .
There is also the desire to create a legal entitlement to confidentiality and to lock away documents of a kind which are at present publicly available in a range of Member States .
It is , of course , thoroughly Orwellian .
Mr Prodi secured positive comments for a proposal which would otherwise have been met with criticism , for the new draft regulation presents as progress the fact that it will now be possible to grant right of access to documents in the Commission ' s possession .
The French text contains the word "refuse " and the English text the word " shall " , which means that the Commission is to keep secret such information as is today available to the public , for example in my own country .
It is therefore ...
I am thinking of the contributions from Mr Bonde and Mr Sjöstedt who point out that the present contribution contains a string of relatively unconscious but undoubtedly rational initiatives dictated by the desire for power and pointing in the direction of a centralist and federalist EU.
They rightly included the problem with monetary union and centralist government and presented a number of alternative democratic principles .
I might add that all rational political campaigning in my own country , Denmark , takes it for granted that , when we enlarge the circle of EU countries to include the envisaged huge number of new Member States and when we in that way extend the breadth of the Union , we cannot at the same time pursue further integration in depth , that is to say engage in a more intensive qualitative integration towards a United States of Europe .
With every single geographical extension to the area covered by the EU , we have seen how extensions in breadth have been followed by intensive extensions in depth , and that is precisely what the draft resolution from the Committee is contemplating , especially in paragraph 7 which says that there should be more thorough integration in depth .
You can think what you like about Mr Haider , and I personally consider him to be a very dangerous politician , but you cannot just intervene in an independent and friendly country ' s democratic process .
I therefore think it is crucial for the environment that the ban on using poisonous heavy metals should be fully implemented and that we should not reduce manufacturers ' liability .
The common position , which was arrived at with great difficulty in the Council , which the Commission has endorsed and which was also maintained in Parliament ' s Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Policy , complies fully with the environmental requirements .
If these amendments are adopted , I think that we shall cause Parliament seriously to lose credibility on environmental issues .
So far , we here in Parliament have been positive catalysts for environmental protection but now , if the amendments proposed by Mr Florenz and Mr Lange are adopted , we are to become a negative factor for the environment in Europe .
What is more , if we reduce manufacturers ' liability on this issue , this will also have serious consequences for subsequent matters in other areas , for example the forthcoming directive on scrap from computers and other electronic equipment .
We shall then be able to achieve an environmentally respectable result .
.
It is crucial for us that it should be possible for this Intergovernmental Conference to be concluded before the end of the year 2000 so that there are no remaining formalities , such as the weighting of votes in the Council of Ministers and the composition of the Commission and the European Parliament , which place obstacles in the way of the enlargement of the EU.
An unduly ambitious extension to the agenda at the present time would risk delaying the enlargement process .
We nonetheless very much agree with our colleagues that there is a need for transparency in connection with the Intergovernmental Conference so that people are clear as to how the work is proceeding .
I have for many years , in word and deed , been committed to the anti-fascist struggle and the struggles for equal rights and against xenophobia .
However , recent events - firstly , what were really threats by the Council of Ministers , then Mr Prodi' s threats against the Austrian Commissioner and , finally , the present decision - are things I cannot support .
I have not been able to vote in favour of the present decision even though I agree with many of its premises .
Not only do these decisions conflict with the Treaty and apportion to the institutions of the Union more power than that to which they are entitled but , worst of