: in October the Commission ’s report , and in December the decision , the frame of reference and the Copenhagen rights ; then for the other countries we make a start straight away on what is suggestively termed the ring of friends , that is to say ‘sharing everything but the institutions’ .
We now have strict rules and I hope we shall truly be able to abide by them .
Thus , with economic dialogue through the Bank and cultural dialogue through the Foundation , there are great prospects for close relations and a ring of friends in the southern Mediterranean .
History has shown us that there were the same fears in relation to Spain , Portugal and Ireland , and you can see how they have fitted into the Union : emigration has stopped and people have even started to go back .
Indeed , we will have a situation in the next Commission where these will be the senior Commissioners while most of the Commissioners from the old Member States will be the junior ones .
I believe the improvements that we made have worked , and I think you can actually see that in the more integrated way in which we have been able to function .
I would recall that , if we had been able to impose our proposals , or if our lead had been followed , the Lisbon strategy would have given our European Union some very different results .
For my part , I remind you of all the progress that has been made over the past year on this specific issue .
I hope that the climate of cooperation that existed at the last meeting with Russia will continue to prevail when , in a few days , in just a couple of weeks , we have the bilateral summit with that country in Moscow .
This is a union of peoples and nations .
I thank the new Commissioners who have come and who have already started work , and perhaps , on this day which has seen Parliament enlarged , I should like to single out one member of the Commission for special thanks : Mr Verheugen , who has managed this complex , wonderful process of enlargement .
Thank you all , and keep up the good work !     – Mr President , towards the end of your speech you thanked the Group Presidents , but I should also like to remind you of the existence of the Non-attached Members – even though you are well aware of them .
Through procedural steps too – and I believe that I am interpreting the feeling of the whole House – we are stressing the entry of the representatives of the citizens of the enlarged Union as full Members of this Parliament .
Of course , we cannot proceed to verify his successor’s credentials during this sitting .
Let me now recall our enlargement , another unquestionable success for the Union .
The results of our work on codecision and in other areas are exceptional and unprecedented , and I am sure that this collaboration will continue with the new Commission , which will be called upon to consolidate this year’s results and to develop them further .
We think the question of stability is indeed much less important than the transparency of the political agreements that are made and also the transparency of the laws we are to make as the European Parliament .
The work of Parliament is all too often insufficiently understood in our own countries .
It proposed innovative solutions without losing the overall balance , and it convinced all parties that this is both a strong document and a serious and realistic compromise .
It contains our values and our principles , and it provides a solid legal basis for our policies .
Whether there is a popular referendum or parliamentary ratification , this is the moment when positions must be made clear .
I must say that that is not the case .
These are essentially political rather than technical points , and we must continue our political work in order to make progress in this direction .
The Macedonian Government has also now submitted its own application to join and is working hard for its request to be accepted .
The Presidency conducted the Intergovernmental Conference negotiations in a truly gracious manner , but it arrived at a result that is a long way from the text adopted by the Convention , and 10 % of it – Mr Hänsch , please note – is very hard to accept .
I only regret the fact that the Italian Presidency was not successful in this .
We have just one major regret : that an explicit reference to the European Union’s Christian roots , which form the true bridge linking western Europe with eastern Europe , was not inserted into the preamble .
We regret this , and the Group of the European People’s Party will fight on so that Europe will never forget its own origins .
I can tell you that the Commission , encouraged by the Court’s decision , has already started work and on 3 September we shall be presenting the results of our considerations , so that a thorough debate on the subject can begin .
It has been a great privilege for me to direct this College of Commissioners , and the people who comprise it form an extraordinary team of whom all the citizens of Europe may be proud .
Ever since the start of my mandate , I have in fact maintained that only the European Union can guarantee lasting stability and development in this part of our continent .
There has been no turmoil on the exchange markets and no crisis in public finances , not even in the difficult times of recent months , and inflation has remained low