The Commission 's proposal relates to the allocation of the financial intermediation services indirectly measured ( FISIM ) for the establishment of the gross national income ( GNI ) of the Member States used for the purposes of the European Union 's budget and its own resources .
The allocation of financial intermediation services indirectly measured ( FISIM ) for the establishment of the gross national income ( GNI ) of Member States used for the purposes of the European Union 's budget and its own resources is an old issue , and one that should have been implemented in 2005 .
In 2008 , the three institutions confirmed the importance of guaranteeing that there would be a quick procedure to approve decisions to mobilise the fund , with the aim of being able to help people within a useful time period .
I hope that this difficult period in the lives of the redundant workers will allow them to improve their abilities and qualifications , and that these improvements will allow them to be reintegrated into the labour market swiftly .
The EGF is not a replacement for actions that are the responsibility of firms under national legislation or collective agreements , nor does it finance the restructuring of firms or sectors .
What is needed is a clear break with the neoliberal policies that are causing an economic and social disaster within the countries of the European Union before our very eyes .
An increasing number of companies are relocating , taking advantage of reduced labour costs in various countries , particularly China and India , often to the detriment of countries that respect workers ' rights .
There is still much to be done in this respect .
The EGF is aimed at helping workers who are victims of the relocation of companies , and it is fundamental in helping them have access to new employment in the future .
Otherwise , assistance such as that of the EGF will be merely palliative and will end up being shown to be insufficient .
It needs to be emphasised again that , within the context of mobilising the EGF , the Commission must not systematically transfer subsidies for payments from the European Social Fund , as the EGF was created as a specifically separate instrument , with its own objectives and prerogatives .
Responses to this disaster also need to be more than mere palliatives .
The European Globalisation Adjustment Fund ( EGF ) is aimed at helping all those affected by the consequences of major structural changes in the patterns of global trade and to assist in their reintegration into the labour market .
For these reasons , I voted in favour of the present proposal on the mobilisation of the EGF to assist Lithuania , with the objective of supporting the workers made redundant in the 128 firms operating in the civil construction sector .
There is also a need to address the cases mentioned by the rapporteur , such as navigation accidents or plastic bags , which can have devastating consequences for economic , social and environmental sustainability in the Atlantic regions .
The present protocol is directly linked to issues such as environmental protection , climate change , safety , public health , regional development , relations with third countries and development cooperation .
I am delighted at the adoption of this report as it will allow the entry into force of a network of regional agreements on marine pollution which have been signed between the EU and certain Member States and neighbouring third countries .
It is hoped that these rules will help to avoid accidents like the Erika and the Prestige , as the sea does not have any physical or political boundaries and requires sharing of efforts and concerted action .
I voted in favour of the present report as I consider it essential to strengthen European consumer protection policy and to render it more effective and meaningful for the public .
The electricity market must also adopt a set of measures aimed at total openness , for the benefit of European consumers .
It is necessary to institute a coordinated approach which will allow consumers to exercise their rights in a confident manner .
Increasing education and awareness of both their rights and obligations , as well as a responsible attitude on the part of companies , will contribute to a more dynamic form of cross-border trade and , as a result , to the close integration of the internal market , with an impact on European competitiveness .
A good consumer protection policy must ensure healthy markets , and security and confidence , whereby cross-border trade and innovation are encouraged .
With the present economic crisis , it is vital to protect the most vulnerable consumers and those with lower incomes .
I voted in favour of the present report since the SOLVIT network has shown itself to be of huge importance to the resolution of all sorts of problems , from the member of the public who is searching for another Member State in which to study , work or be reunited with a partner , etc. , through to firms who have encountered problems with the public authorities , problems with VAT refunds or other issues .
I believe , therefore , that Member States must intensify their efforts to provide information to members of the public and businesses on the rights that they enjoy within the internal market by making use of the increase in financial and human resources and the training of employees on the SOLVIT network on internal market rules .
Given the increasing number of cases in which SOLVIT centres have been involved over the last year , I consider it to be vital for the good of consumers that we should move towards a range of reforms and improvements which Parliament has proposed with this in mind .
With this in mind , the Commission is urging the Member