the left ; it is a European cause ' .
Of course , it was , in this way , a certain type of Europe of energy that came into being during the last European Council .
Yes , we have an obligation to help developing countries and , in particular , the least developed countries ( LDCs ) and the small island developing states ( SIDSs ) to limit the impact of global warming , as these countries will be the first victims of global warming , without being responsible for it .
This shows that the European Union is taken seriously in its concern to promote human rights in these agreements .
It is an exercise in juggling the accounts , making it impossible to provide a genuine Community-wide solution to the problems of our society .
Mr Jouyet , I appeal to you : politics is about anticipating ; Parliament 's position enables us to anticipate while respecting the rules to which the three institutions have chosen to submit .
Mr President , Commissioner , dear Mr Rehn , Mrs Pack , ladies and gentlemen , I should like to begin by thanking Mrs Pack very much for the quality of her report and for what she just said , as it will allow me to be more brief with regard to this difficult subject .
Much remains to be done .
Its leaders must assume their full responsibilities regarding the country 's development and must ensure in this way that the stabilisation of the entire region is consolidated .
Like Mr McMillan-Scott , I too heard the speech made by François Mitterrand in this House .
Parliament has succeeded in restoring a satisfactory payment level , in spite of the Council 's desire to make bleak cuts in lines that nonetheless appear to be a priority for MEPs , such as the fight against climate change , aid for SMEs , growth and competitiveness , and citizenship schemes .
This body , which would come under the IMF , could help to stabilise the international monetary system , to reduce the risk of abuse and to give the global markets back the confidence they need .
Firstly , a proposal concerning the type of action to take .
The Commission should also review its proposals with the aim of strengthening the Union 's civil protection capacity , in order to exploit the expertise and geographical location of the outermost regions and the OCTs , which aspire to be support points in the event of intervention outside Europe .
As you know , I have wanted to work with the European Parliament from the beginning .
In the Council , we have had debates every bit as in-depth , passionate and lively as those that I have heard or observed here , in Parliament .
Finally , with regard to the overall development of aid and the manner in which we go about it , I should like to say that , in modulating and limiting Article 68 , important steps have been taken ; they are a move in the right direction towards a condition , to ensure that our global agricultural production model moves towards sustainability .
The third point relates to the promotion of local products to increase awareness about the quality of Community products .
A cursory reading could lead one to believe that it is about protecting consumers by informing them of their rights and educating them about financial services ; in short , about enabling them to have a responsible and informed relationship with their bank .
We will only guarantee a future for them if we stand up for our model of society and if we maintain the conditions for a free , fair and transparent market , conscious of our responsibilities and faithful to our values .
It is in times of crisis that we can take brave measures for the future .
Unfortunately , I have just learned that Mr Posselt actually asked the question .
This dirty war is not at all , in my opinion , an ethnic war , as some are beginning to say ; ethnic wars can always be created , because it suits us , the Europeans , because when there is talk of ethnic wars , that means the Africans are fighting amongst themselves and that it is not our problem .
There is the Nairobi process and the recent Nairobi Summit , to which the Commissioner alluded .
Of course , there is the taste for money , Alain pointed this out , the often incommensurable wealth of this area .
Who is going to believe that this is insufficient to guarantee access for humanitarian assistance , even if I am aware , as you are too , of the vast territories to protect ?
The quickest solution to address the humanitarian crisis would be to strengthen the existing measures , in other words MONUC , through a broader mandate and additional manpower .
This would therefore mean imposing on all parties in the conflict a humanitarian ceasefire to allow delivery of aid to the populations near the frontline .
All the leading automotive markets in the world are being affected , but with differing levels of seriousness .
The competitive position of the European automotive industry remains , therefore , relatively good - I am not saying this lightly -, and this is explained by three factors .
This will , of course , involve acting consistently with the other political objectives of the Union .
The European Union must therefore develop a common response to the sector 's problems and the response cannot be , as Mr Verheugen has just stated , the strangulation of the European automotive industry .
This response must take into account three factors .
I shall only take two examples .
