The last reform of the fisheries policy was completed in 2002 and it has not proved capable of tackling the difficult problems that the fisheries industry was already facing ten years ago , namely that far too many vessels that are far too efficient are competing for far too few , and increasingly fewer , fish .
In recent years , the Swedish Board of Fisheries has paid out EUR 5.4 million to scrap some of the largest tuna fishing vessels - the same vessels that were built with the aid of EU money .
Ahead of today 's vote on the report on the Green Paper , I would call on all of my fellow Members to at least remove one bad paragraph from an otherwise largely excellent report .
We would , however , like to point out that we believe that EU Member States should be urged to denounce violations of human rights in general and that it is regrettable that the United Nations Human Rights Council has not managed to deal sufficiently quickly with serious human rights situations in other countries not mentioned in the resolution either , for example Cuba , as well as other countries .
We believe in the ability of individuals to make decisions concerning their own lives ; the EU should not interfere in this area .
However , we do not share the view that we MEPs need more staff .
Above all , we would have liked to have seen Parliament 's resources being increased by means of redistributions and measures to increase efficiency , rather than the total budget being increased .
The majority in Parliament rejected the prioritising of ecological sustainability and voted in favour of an amendment stating that our policy towards countries outside the EU should be governed by the interests of European fisheries .
Despite the positive resolutions recently adopted by Parliament , the Tarabella report and the resolution on Beijing +15 , unfortunately , the UN meeting has not yet produced any results .
Before he was elected , the President of the Commission , Mr Barroso , promised to draw up a Charter of women 's rights .
Parliament , the national bodies and the European voluntary organisations were not involved in and did not contribute to the charter and , of course , the citizens of Europe did not take part in the process either .
Use the period until the next International Women 's Day to hold debates and discussions with Parliament , the national bodies and the voluntary organisations in Europe .
Mr President , Commissioner , this is a very important report , partly because it looks at how we can make it easier for pet owners in Europe to transport their pets across national boundaries and partly because it deals with preventing the dangerous spread of diseases carried by pets throughout Europe .
I am very pleased to see today that Sweden will be able to retain its current exemptions , at least for a transitional period , which will allow us to ensure that these diseases do not enter our country .
I would like to thank the rapporteur , the Council and the Commissioner .
On the one hand , I am one of those who doubt whether it will be possible to implement the tax in practice .
I believe that this is illogical and not a particularly sound tax policy .
The Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs has produced a balanced document on this subject .
It is good that a proper investigation is being carried out at EU level into how a tax like this could work .
The worst thing that could happen would be for the EU to attempt to introduce this kind of tax on financial transactions forcibly and for ideological reasons , without the rest of the world doing the same thing .
( The speaker agreed to take a blue card question under Rule 149(8 ) ) Mr President , first and foremost , I would like to start by thanking the shadow rapporteurs and others involved for the good cooperation we have enjoyed over the period in which we were working on the Consumer Markets Scoreboard .
Partly as a result of Mrs Kuneva 's strong personal commitment and great openness , consumer protection policy and consumer issues have moved forward .
This is an important step for consumers and something that I do not intend to allow anyone to forget in my continued political work .
Eventually , these will no doubt need to be developed and improved , and new indicators will also need to be included .
In the second Consumer Markets Scoreboard , we have seen , among other things , clear indications that consumers have more problems with services than with goods , and that prices increase less often in sectors in which consumers frequently switch supplier .
I therefore call on the Commission to follow up the Green Paper on Consumer Collective Redress .
It is highly important that we strengthen the mechanisms for market surveillance and supervision in order to increase consumer confidence .
I would like to add a few points of my own .
I am also pleased that Commissioner Dalli brought up the matter of the importance of Member States ensuring that there is adequate financing and personnel available to develop the scoreboard further .
Mr President , EU cooperation is based on values , and the most fundamental of these values is freedom .
The subject of our discussion today is people 's ability to move about freely .
All of us who live here enjoy freedom of movement , but it should also apply to all those who come to reside here for a lengthy period .
We are now changing this .
It develops things further , and that is the EU that