other driver or road haulier in Europe to the benefit of British drivers .
This applies to all road hauliers , whether they come from the UK or any other country .
That should be made quite clear .
Also , the details are yet to be fully worked out but I was quite heartened to hear the statement from the Commissioner about how it is going to be proposed and developed .
I am sure the British government will be in discussion with the Commission in applying this vignette .
I should also like to pick up on a point raised by Mr MacCormick .
He talked about the trade between Ireland and Scotland , the south west of Scotland , coming over to Stranraer and Loch Ryan .
He said that he hoped the money raised by this vignette would go towards improving the infrastructure around the south west of Scotland .
I know the south west of Scotland is part of my area and yes , the infrastructure there is not the best , it can be improved .
But can I point out to Mr MacCormick that this vignette is for the whole of the UK.
It is to improve the road structure throughout the whole of the UK.
We cannot take one small area of the UK and say that is where it is going .
It is for the whole of the UK.
That is a point we should be making quite clearly .
Mr President , like a number of Members in the chamber this morning I come from rip-off Britain .
We are more or less the only oil producers in the European Union and yet we face the highest petrol prices , the highest diesel prices of any country in Europe - GBP 1.20 a litre for diesel is paid in the United Kingdom .
Vehicle excise duties are eight times the French level in the UK, so one should not be too surprised that in Britain there is a great deal of concern .
As a British driver , when I go on French motorways I must pay French tolls .
I might say that by the time I have arrived at Calais , having driven from Strasbourg , I feel I own the French motorway system , so expensive are those tolls .
I drove in Austria in the summer and paid the Austrian vignette which seemed to me to be perfectly fair and reasonable and a much more agreeable price than one pays on French motorways .
My objection to this proposal is not that it is unfair .
At long last the British government has come up with a reasonable solution .
We in my party proposed it two years ago .
The present British government has allowed the situation to get out of hand and it is rather late in the day for them to come up with this proposal which will probably take another two years to come into effect .
If they do bring it into effect , we want to see them really pass the benefits on to the British road-users .
Mr President , now we have vignettes dotted all over Europe and tolls in some other countries , would you agree with me that the euro-vignette system is not a very good single market system .
The local haulier in Denmark or in the UK will get his full money 's worth 365 days a year , but the foreign haulier from another Member State entering that country - maybe for one or two days or ten days or even 100 days - will not .
He is paying over the odds for his vignette unless there is some special dispensation on a per diem basis .
Would it not be better now that we have arrived at this stage to think of maybe having a mutual recognition system , so that a vignette in one country is recognised in other countries , giving a real euro-vignette system works ?
The Commission should consider coming forward with proposals in order to provide for a common system throughout Europe .
I would like to turn now to my friend Mr McCartin .
I agree that Irish trucks have a special case .
They are compelled by geography to pass through the UK just as British trucks are compelled to pass through the Netherlands , Belgium and France to get around the European Union .
The best thing the UK could do to help the Irish and to help the Scottish is to improve the very inferior British motorway system on which we depend to get to our markets .
Yes , the Stranraer-Carlisle road is an absolute disgrace .
But it is also difficult getting round Birmingham , getting around London , getting to the Channel Tunnel and to the channel ports .
The best thing the British could do with this extra money is to improve our system in the hope of improving UK-Irish friendship and relations .
Madam President , I am sorry that the Commissioner obviously had a very frustrating time at The Hague , but I congratulate her on remaining optimistic .
The European Parliament delegation to the talks was equally disappointed at the outcome , although we were not surprised .
Certainly we could have foreseen , as she could , the problem that arose over " sinks " .
Those who read the French and British press will realise that there is quite a lot of attention on what seems to have been the breakdown in the relationship between Mrs Voynet , the French minister , and Mr Prescott , the British minister .
They were , in a sense , an accident waiting to happen - like the Titanic and the iceberg .
Mr Prescott is now holed below the water line and we do not know how long he will remain afloat .
