We are trying to extinguish a fire and are suffocating in the smoke .
We need to know the source of the flames .
The Court of Auditors and the Commission can hide behind the complication of the statement of assurance , but we will not be steered off our course .
We have heard that , because spot checks are involved , it would be unfair to name the Member States .
My colleague , Mr van Hulten drew an interesting parallel with spot checks on athletes who have had their whole careers ended .
If they are guilty , they are named and shamed .
We should do the same within Parliament .
We also need to be given the complete picture when the annual report of the year under consideration is published .
That means we need to know which countries paid back what .
We need to know what is happening in terms of recovery .
It is imperative also that we stick to the remit required of us and that we concentrate exclusively during the discharge process on the year in question .
We have other mechanisms to highlight previously undetected instances of fraud .
Another key recommendation in this report is to try to expand the responsibility of the discharge beyond the exclusive domain of the Committee on Budgetary Control .
Controlling the Commission 's management and spending is the main justification for the existence of the European Parliament and the discharge procedure is the chief instrument by which this is done .
We have tried to get other committees involved in the past but they have not responded , so we want to try to change the regulations within Parliament .
We are trying to watch the Commission and the Member States and this report is an attempt at doing that .
Mr President , I too would like to congratulate Mrs Morgan for writing this report especially considering the remarkably tight deadlines that she set herself by falling pregnant .
I am sure that this House wishes her every success in that particular project , although I am slightly worried that the baby 's first words might include the words "discharge " and "procedure " . I would also like to commend to the House the way in which from its conception this report was drawn up using other reports already passed by our committee .
Some here will know of my interest in the budget in general , and as budget rapporteur for the Budgetary Control Committee , I wrote a report in which a number of conclusions that are included here were conceived , mainly in paragraph 16 of this report .
From that embryonic stage , they have now come through their period of gestation and are born within this report .
They concern a number of courses of action that the Budgetary Control Committee can take when it finds problems in different areas , including recommending to the Committee on Budgets to freeze or reduce the amount of appropriations intended for the headings concerned in the following year 's budget ; to authorise no transfers of appropriations to take place involving increasing the headings concerned for a certain period until further internal investigations are concluded ; up to asking the President of the Commission to ask for the resignation of any individual Commissioners concerned with the serious problems found , a kind of EU Caesarean .
Finally , I would commend the rapporteur 's proposals about speeding up the contradictory procedure and the various statements on the special reports , although I do have to say to the rapporteur that I intend to disagree with the five-month timetable proposed in the report for dealing with these .
Perhaps a nine-month timetable would be in order .
I am sure that the rapporteur would be pleased to hear that there are few differences between the main groups to breach in these circumstances .
Forceps are not required to tweeze out any agreements , and we will be voting for her report .
Mr President , on a point of order , I wish to remind Members of the House of Rule 9( 2 ) , referring to Annex I , Article 1 : " Before speaking in Parliament or in one of its bodies , any Member who has a direct financial interest in the subject under debate shall disclose this interest to the meeting orally . "
In view of the fact that Mr Lehne proposes to strengthen the role of company directors , it is quite obvious that Members may want to declare that before speaking .
It does not stop them from speaking ; it may not affect our rapporteur ; but certainly it applies to some members of his group who hold senior positions in the Bertelsmann media group .
Mr President , I fear that we are in danger of losing the plot or losing sight of what this directive is about .
It is part of the financial services action plan ; in our Commissioner 's own words , " a key element in the creation of a fully integrated market in financial services , giving investors and consumers more choice " .
The proposals introduce three key elements at a time when there is a change in control of a company : protection of minority shareholders , transparency in relation to bid information and regulatory supervision of the process .
But what are we in danger of doing as a Parliament , by virtue of the amendments tabled ?
Firstly , we are being far from transparent .
Some of the amendments seem to be a covert attempt to introduce some elements of a company statute through the back door .
Secondly , we are adopting rigid structures and procedures when the recommendation of the Commission was actually light-touch , allowing