The key actions will introduce a new approach to research .
The decisive role of SMEs in employment and in our countries ' territorial balance can never be over-emphasised .
Rather than go into detail on the very large number of amendments tabled , I will summarise the Commission 's position on some important points .
In the particular case of research involving human embryos , the Commission shares Parliament 's reservations .
The Commission also recognises the importance to be attached to renewable energy .
These two specific programmes authorise a redeployment of the scope of the JCR into fields such as environment or consumer protection and a refocusing of its nuclear activities in the domains of security and safety .
In their structure , content and conditions of implementation , the specific programmes will bear the stamp of this Parliament .
Successive audits by the Court of Auditors , which since 1994 has declined to provide positive overall assurance as to the legality and regularity of the transactions underlying the payments for the financial year , have condemned the way in which the Commission manages the operating appropriations allocated to it , whether for humanitarian interventions or the PHARE , TACIS and MEDA programmes or indeed the reconstruction programmes in the former Yugoslavia .
Would we have the political courage to vote for a motion of censure during our last part-session in May ?
It does so , as it did in 1994 and 1995 , even though the Court of Auditors has declined to provide positive assurance as to the regularity of the accounts .
What can we say about the skulduggery surrounding the construction of the International Congress Centre in Brussels and , even more so - in fact much more so - the construction of the large 'object ' just a short distance away from here , which may one day end up being our headquarters ?
Mr President , I would like to make a request pursuant to Article 3( 2 ) of Annex V of the Rules of Procedure .
Moreover , we may wonder whether the aim of the Stevens report is not to allay the feelings of guilt on the part of those in the euro zone who trampled on democracy , by showing them that they were not wrong because , when all was said and done , even those who respected democracy subsequently reached the same conclusions .
We shall see whether this tactic , chosen by those of our colleagues who - I repeat - wished to place a different debate at the centre of Parliament 's concerns , was the right one .
But also , I must admit , because Mrs Dührkop Dührkop has shown us in a very striking way something that is fundamental : that in a budgetary procedure interinstitutional war was not inevitable , that the dealings between the Council , Parliament and the Commission were sometimes farcical , but not necessarily doomed .
There is certainly inconsistency here which concerns us somewhat , and we would like to hear what you have to say about this .
It is true that a certain number of Member States have yet to ratify the Treaty of Amsterdam .
It is true that some of them are caught up in the slow pace or difficulties of their institutional procedures .
The Committee on Agriculture has just rejected the proposals to reform the common organisation of the markets in beef and veal , milk and cereals , but until now , the Commission has refused to listen to the signals we have sent in its direction .
On the first question of where Europe is going , I believe that there are two possibilities .
You say yourself that we cannot achieve any results without the participation and confidence of the general public in the democratic model .
Fancy leaving this to a simple majority decision !
Every time there is a problem , you resolve it in a negative manner .
For example , with Europe 's common security policy , what would it be like if we no longer followed the United States ' line on human rights , Iraq and the Iraqi children , for instance ?
Then , if it is a cooperation agreement we may also have to examine it , this time in the light of Article 85 rather than the regulation on concentrations .
Therefore , if we want to have access to other markets , we must of course accept that others can also come onto our market .
However , we should remember that , since 1996 , many costly efforts have been made to inform the inhabitants of the European Union about the introduction of the single European currency as this will affect them more than any other EU measure .
In this respect , the question of asymmetric shocks is clearly vital .
These economists must now find solutions because the advent of a single monetary policy prevents the use of the weapon of devaluation and is in fact the cause of the problem raised by our colleague 's report .
If we do not consider this question today , we will eventually be forced to consider it because , if we want to effectively combat asymmetric shocks , we will need further means in addition to the insurance instrument or stabilisation fund .
Mr President , I must tell the Commissioner that we can reach agreement .
The Committee on Fisheries has adopted 8 amendments which I proposed as rapporteur .
Thirdly , it is clear that we must follow closely the implementation of this measure .
On the other hand , in terms of the immediate future , we can only express our disappointment that no progress was made on Agenda 2000 , on future financing and on the institutional reform ,