prevention relating to security .
In Iraq , the war has boosted the strength of terrorist groups , not all of which are religiously motivated , and that is the reason why we need to remove the anti-Islam fixation from some of the reports being examined in this House .
An influential expert in law once said that the legal history of the Western State is that of instilling the notion of its innocence in criminal acts .
I believe that in order to combat terrorism , we must re-examine the old legal proverb that says that the king is never wrong .     .
There is a profound distinction between those two concepts .
Secondly , solidarity towards the victims of terrorism , which is another of the lines of action on which Europe will have to focus .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the European Parliament will have its first opportunity tomorrow to react to the uncertainty brought about by the outcome of the French and Dutch referenda .
That is why , as President Barroso states – and I value his statement – a revival is needed , and that , Mr President , is the first crucial decision for such a revival of the Union .     Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I would first of all like to congratulate Mr Böge on his ability to create a synthesis from the various trends that emerged , and , therefore , for the fine work carried out .
The so-called UK rebate also needs to be reviewed .
Without doubt , the question that we are all asking is : ‘Will we succeed in reaching an agreement with the Council ? ’ A lot depends on the scale of our vote , ladies and gentlemen , and even more on the ability of Heads of Government to resist becoming overwhelmed by the logic of money and their devotion to their own national interests .
We cannot hide the fact , however , that from the way in which it is outlined in Mr Böge’s report , the European Parliament’s position differs significantly from the working document presented by the Luxembourg Presidency on 2 June .
The fact is , we believe that considering only three languages to be official EU languages is inadequate , partly because six languages are spoken by at least 9 % of the European population .
I can assure you that that system will also be taken into consideration in the pilot experiments that will be carried out at a technical level .     .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , first of all I congratulate the rapporteur on his enormous efforts in drafting the report , which I believe is still incomplete , however , and certainly not very effective .
Finally , I must naturally declare my complete opposition to the paragraph on homophobia and gay couples , regarding ‘family ’ only in the traditional sense : a male father , a female mother and children as they are born , male or female .
In this context , particularly sensitive subject-matter will without doubt be examined , such as the so-called ‘brain drain’ , which is also an extremely delicate issue for the countries from which the flows of highly-qualified workers originate .
A public hearing will take place on 14 June , and on the basis of the outcome of that extensive consultation we will prepare a proposal before the end of the year .
With regard to the first , you are all aware that the proposal that was drafted by myself and approved by the Commission gives particular prominence to integration .
The first is the need to obtain reliable data and statistics on immigration .
The Commission intends to present a proposal for a regulation laying down the criteria for obtaining statistical data that in many cases we do not currently have , making it extremely difficult to outline a European policy .
The first point is to increase the legal immigration channels ; the second point calls on us to act on the causes of immigration and not to respond with repression , criminalisation and rejection ; the third point demonstrates that the economic approach may not be the only one in the area of immigration .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , in order to be united politically by means of an economic and social project , and to revive development , Europe needs to have institutions that communicate with its citizens .
After Bulgaria and Romania have returned to Europe , we believe that enlargement must end , in order that the Union may gather strength through dialogue between the Institutions and the citizens .
By signing , the Treaty introducing the single currency and launching the political cohesion process , back in 1992 , Europe knew that it was embarking on a journey that should completely transform both the institutional model and the overall shape of the Union , by gradually abandoning the geopolitical structure of the Cold War .
Yet if we do , however , want this second solution to prevail , as I do , we have to be able to innovate and change , and denounce the fact that we are paying for the hold-ups of recent years : we are paying for the hold-ups of Nice and of Lisbon , and the lack of resources to match our ambitions .
The Organisation has to return to a situation in which it is able to maintain peace by means of justice , promote disarmament , combat poverty and uphold democracy .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , in mid-June the offensive of the so-called ‘G4’ will be launched , which intends to put forward a proposal for a resolution to the General Assembly that will increase the number of permanent members to 11 , thus leaving the other 180 members of the UN to compete for the non-permanent seats .
