These fishermen , for social reasons , do not sleep at home , owing to the enormous distance they have to travel .
Was the existence of this shipment known of in May of this year ?
Why has it been communicated to the European Union so late and so badly ?
Today the extraction techniques have been modified and oil can be obtained which is free of benzopyrene .
At the time , in the regulation on designs and models , when it came to the directive , certain points were controversial , for example the reparation clause , but once , with the very direct participation of the European Parliament , the Commission and the Council , a compromise was reached on that clause , which has been reflected in the Commission ' s proposal and accepted as such by the European Parliament I do not understand what the controversial point can be .
However , personally , I must confess that , for me , to participate in the reform of the rules on the procedure in the field of competition gives me particular personal satisfaction .
In the report produced on the White Paper , this Parliament had the opportunity to express its favourable opinion , although with some fine-tuning in certain cases .
This consists , no more and no less , of adopting measures such as the splitting up of companies , particularly of those which have abused their dominant position .
It is true that there is no single standard in the field of the guarantees of process or rights to defence .
This system applies to Member States .
The second point that you have raised is the problem of the degree to which the new model implemented may negatively affect the Community budget .
And that system must be maintained .
We believe that when the system is applied to them , the candidate countries will already be members of the European Union and therefore no special guarantee system will be necessary .
The mechanism which has currently been implemented is based on a fundamental idea : urgency .
In my opinion , we could improve the system by giving information to the European Parliament as soon as these decisions are taken , so that they may have detailed knowledge of them , know why they have been adopted and know all their content .
Furthermore , it should be implemented in the same way within all institutions .
The bodies already implementing the code of good conduct proposed by the Ombudsman deserve to be congratulated .
I should like to turn first to the Bösch report , the annual report on the activities of the European Ombudsman for the year 2000 .
One aspect of the Bösch report of particular concern to us is the follow-up to critical comments .
It is only fair to criticise the Commission when it acts inappropriately .
However , these issues go beyond our competence and impact on other institutions too .
The Commission therefore warmly welcomed the study undertaken by the European Ombudsman into the existence of such codes .
I also wanted to urge you not to confuse issues , ladies and gentlemen .
It aims to establish how best to gather , bring together and integrate the various links in the chain of responsibility within our complex society .
I should like to make it very clear to Mr Perry that the Commission agrees with him and with Mr Söderman on how unfortunate it is that such a wide range of codes of varying legal status are currently in place .
As soon as sufficient information becomes available , the Commission will consider whether or not to prepare a legislative proposal for a horizontal regulation .
The code of good conduct is but one example of this .
Indeed , the latter will become increasingly delicate and varied as the building of Europe proceeds .
As regards access to documents emanating from the Member States it would be appropriate , as I said earlier , to be consistent with the new Regulation (EC ) No 1049/2001 on public access to documents .
I venture to suggest in this context that many things are open to criticism , because nothing is perfect .
We shall therefore vote in favour of it .
We do not cooperate with it at all , yet the Council could have something to say on a good many petitions and we very much regret it is always absent .
Responses need to be swifter and more efficient .
It would mean that in cases of lengthy delay in responding to the citizens , the President of Parliament would be requested to publicise the delay and its negative consequences for the petitioners .
In it he emphasises how petitions allow the citizens to make their legitimate aspirations known and also draw attention to the inherent weaknesses of Community legislation .
I would therefore like to thank Mr Gemelli for his remark .
Nonetheless , I am sure the House is aware that on most if not all occasions when problems were experienced they arose because the Commission was dependent on a Member State for information .
In that sense we shall endeavour to continue cooperating fully with the House .
Further , I totally reject Amendments Nos 18 , 19 , 23 and 25 .
A substance may not be harmful in itself , it depends on the amount used .
This is a welcome development as it provides consumers with full information on two products with different characteristics produced in very different ways .
Instead , they cause further confusion .
Mauritania lowers the already low average level of democracy and human rights in the Maghreb.
We therefore perfectly understand the almost 500 people which tried to flee , at risk of their lives , and came up against a brick wall erected by a country such as Australia , a rich country which could