increase .
If Parliament rejects this addition , then it must hold itself responsible for the consequences .
The Commission ' s original intention was to present a proposal for a scaffolding directive .
However , because serious falls from heights do not occur only from scaffolding , the scope has been widened to include protection for workers from all manner of falls from heights .
Although falls from heights occur in circumstances where ladders and scaffolding are not present , the main focus of the proposal is on scaffolding , ladders and rope access , as you will see as you read .
The current rules in many Member States apply only to the building industry , so another important factor is that the scope is extended to other sectors .
Also it is important to stress as some seem mildly confused about this , that this proposal is based on Article 138 , previously Article 118a , which laid down the minimum requirements for ensuring a better level of protection for workers health and safety .
We are not dealing with the construction , the concept or the design or work equipment , but with the risks to the health and safety of workers using the equipment .
It does seem to me that there are some people in this House who are a little bit dim in grasping that .
The importance of working at heights and having this directive is clear also .
Some have questioned the validity of this legislation and they are free to do so .
However , contrary to what has been suggested , this proposal does not merely suggest training people to use ladders , nor does it outlaw the use of ladders .
What it does is provide for safe use of ladders and other equipment .
I wonder whether the critics of this report have ever worked on construction sites as many of us have .
I wonder whether they would accept that there are many people who know exactly what this legislation can bring about .
Finally , concerning the amendments tabled , which I have only just seen today , I welcome Amendments Nos 22 and 25 : Amendment No 22 as a second choice if Amendment No 5 falls and Amendment No 25 as a recital as it hits the tone of my report very well .
However , for consistency ' s sake and with regard to the framework directive which is the basis of this whole legislative approach , I cannot accept the others at present .
The Commission has proposed an amended directive on health and safety at work .
This report suggests it should be longer and more detailed .
UK Conservatives believe that we should vote against it for that very reason .
This is not a question of whether or not health and safety at work is an important issue .
Of course it is .
It is not a question of whether or not the recommendations in the report are sound .
Many of them are and Peter Skinner has put a lot of thought into his work .
It is a question of how the European Parliament should be spending its time and be seen to be spending its time .
It is a question of what Parliament should be looking at as its priorities .
It is a question of whether it should be for the Commission and for the European Parliament to prescribe the fine detail of people ' s working and waking lives .
There is a problem in the UK, but not confined to the UK.
The EU is seen to be interfering .
The European Parliament is often seen to be interfering even more .
It is not seen as focusing on the big issues .
Our constituents ask us why they should vote for anybody at the European elections .
They ask : what are you doing for us ?
What shall we answer ?
We have the opportunity to tell our people that we do care about the big issues that they care about , that we can help deliver a better peace , security , prosperity , environment and quality of life - issues that can genuinely be helped best at a European level .
Or we can answer that the EU , through the Commission and Parliament , is about deciding whether or not it should be legal for one person to stand at the bottom of a ladder holding on to it while another person climbs up it .
This is the issue that we are discussing today .
Let us oppose this latest example of red tape from the top .
At some time or other , Parliament must give a clear signal as to its true sense of purpose , its true priorities .
I say : Let it be now .
I am very grateful to be able to follow my colleague , Philip Bushill-Matthews , because I share many of the concerns he has expressed .
I think that this proposal reflects no credit on the European Union or on this House .
I think if the European Union - and indeed if the European Parliament - wishes to be taken seriously by the people of Europe then this is exactly the sort of legislation which it should cease to enact because we all know that health and safety and workers ' safety is a priority for all Member States , and so it should be .
But there is no justification for a Europe-wide standard on this issue .
There can be no reason why Member States , acting in a uniform way , would necessarily be able to tackle this problem more effectively than individual Member States and , above all , there can be no reason for taking such a close interest in ordinary aspects of people ' s working lives .
