step towards taking broader account of what all these services bring to our countries .
Firstly , the Commission has set itself the goal of regaining our citizens ' confidence .
In my view , however , this requires us to concern ourselves with more than simply the questions of the reduction of labour costs , flexibility and job insecurity .
However , we could have expected at least a hint of creativity in your programme , rather than simply a very general and incantatory statement on growth , which comes down to no more than wishful thinking , and in which we would be hard put to find anything specific .
Thus , once again , the Commission rightly puts forward the general objective of 'growth and employment ' .
We call on the Commission to demonstrate greater boldness and initiative .
If it were , a little cosmetic surgery would be enough to solve the problem of unemployment .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , for the second consecutive year , I have the task of submitting for Parliament 's approval , on behalf of the Committee on Budgets , a motion for a resolution on the draft ECSC operating budget for 1997 .
Indeed , although we have not yet decided on the shape that the ECSC should take after 2002 , I believe that the members of the Committee on Budgets are united in agreeing on the need for ECSC activities to continue in one form or another .
That fact being established , Mr Brinkhorst 's original strategy was severely hampered , inevitably leading the Committee on Budgets to propose cuts .
We sincerely hope that a satisfactory solution will be found at second reading .
Unfortunately , Parliament 's Committee on Budgets is not falling in with this trend .
There are also countless organizational clienteles : consumer , antiracist , feminist , federalist and environmentalist organizations , and so on .
And what do we see ?
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the Poggiolini report is full of good intentions , something which , on the face of it , ought to make it a good report .
Immigration is an exacerbating factor when it comes to health spending , and France practises the most scandalous discrimination here .
In his explanatory statement , Mr Poggiolini justifies the setting-up of this observatory by the fact that it will enable the Member States , on the basis of comparable health data , to establish health policy priorities and to make health policy more cost-effective and hence more efficient .
The obligations of all water users , both public and private , should be set out in one single text so that they can see that water has a wide range of uses and therefore cannot be regulated using a sectoral approach .
Firstly , agricultural policy .
If that had not been the case , what in fact could they have put on paper except for some progress in the field of internal affairs and justice ?
If a French President is treated like this , we can imagine the kind of treatment reserved by the Netanyahu government for the average Palestinian .
The same call may be made to Member States ' national parliaments : do not ratify this agreement until the peace process is put back on the rails .
In other words , if you have not done everything for Israel , you have done nothing for it .
Beyond the question of the institutions , of the reform of the second and third pillars , which are very important , it is the model of European society which is at stake .
For myself , I am fully aware that in my country , where there will be a strike next week , we can do nothing on our own .
Nevertheless , let us not be hypocrites .
Women in Europe are therefore still the excluded among the excluded .
Finally , we can get the measure of the Commission 's audacity when we see it peremptorily brush aside the general declaration of States that are signatories to the Single Act , according to which none of these provisions , and I quote , affects 'the right of Member States to take such measures as they consider necessary for the purpose of controlling immigration from third countries , and to combat terrorism , crime , the traffic in drugs and illicit trading in works of art and antiques ' .
When he is insulted in Jerusalem by the Israeli occupying police , it is again our country that receives the insult .
I am going to give a proper oral explanation and not try your patience by reading out a written statement .
To us , after all , Russia is a partner different from others .
Lastly , I regret that political cooperation is not mentioned in the plan of action .
But democracy cannot survive in chaotic social conditions .
It is weak in the face of a helpless and divided society .
And why not demand that a census be taken of these camps , that the tens of thousands of victims be accounted for , that the torturers , many of them still alive , stand trial ?
Do you agree with his proposal ?
I am asking you the question because near where I live in Brussels , I have seen Rohypnol being passed between young people : you would only need to see the state these young folk were in to realize , quite clearly , that there is really a drug problem here .
We must therefore ask ourselves , and the Commissioner is right in this case , whether all Member States are ready to make it compulsory for their various testing services to be equipped with such test equipment , whose very efficiency makes it expensive