at next week’s European Council is , of course , the report on the mid-term review of the Lisbon process .
No, we need to do the opposite ; a better approach is to go up a gear .
We have always talked of growth and competitiveness ; we could also talk about prosperity for more people and greater opportunities for good jobs .
This means harder work and longer hours for the same pay , instead of entering into global competition by maintaining protection , by means of more intelligent manufacturing , by investing more in people and in knowledge networks , and also creating scope for this in public funds ; thus revealing social Europe .
We challenge you , the Dutch Presidency , to develop your profile and political face .
European citizens are entitled to this , beginning with a clear statement from the Council asking that Mr Barroso meet the demands of the European Parliament ; or is your talk of a strong European Parliament really just for show ?
It is time for a new objective : Europe as the most socially focused economy in the world .
It is there that the new challenge lies following the failure of Lisbon .     Mr President , my thanks to Mr Nicolaï for his presentation .
The second issue is terrorism .
My message to those perhaps hoping to defeat the Commission this afternoon is therefore : bear in mind that there will be confusion amongst many people out there , because they cannot understand why the EU is shooting itself in the foot whilst there is so much to be done .     Mr President , I should like to begin by emphasising strongly how pleased I am to be here in your midst , particularly against the background of questions asked in the course of the very important debate on the Commission that I attended yesterday .
That right is yours and I take it for granted that you as a Parliament will presently take a prudent , considered decision .
Let us be aware , however , that the Lisbon agenda is primarily the responsibility of national governments and that they must put their money where their mouth is .
Indeed , it is good that the former Labour Prime Minister of the Netherlands , Mr Kok , is chairing the task force for the mid-term review and is to present his report .
We shall also be discussing them in December , because then we shall have the actual report by the Counter-Terrorism Coordinator at our disposal , and shall bring this up for discussion in the European Council .
Many , including Mr Eurlings and Mr Bourlanges and Mrs Rühle , have rightly and very importantly referred to the question of principle that is the desired transition to qualified majority voting and codecision in this whole field of asylum and migration .
When they see that important things are decided here on which opinions can differ and on which citizens also have an opinion , they will become involved in Europe , and then – and I also address this to Mr Battilocchio – Europe will be less remote than many people currently find it .
Nevertheless , I also think that it was a very wise observation of Mr Verheugen’s that even the concerns that exist are shared by us , and these are also being included , have been included , in the proposals the Commission has presented , which also mention the possible results .
Otherwise , I shall of course remain here at your request .     .
I expressly repeated this morning that the presidency and the Council had every confidence in Mr Barroso as the incoming President of the Commission , and that is still the case .
In that respect , it is necessary for us to consider the implications of outsourcing European jobs to India , something that the present report rather overlooks .
In this respect , a positive agenda is being drafted , where the problems of the Dalits are being addressed and as a result of which their situation can be actively improved .
This also applied to the campaign preceding the referendum .
Last week , the American Congress adopted a Belarus Democracy Act , which takes measures to which Europe should also give consideration .
The government , President Kuchma , with the oligarchs supporting him behind the scenes , and the Russian President Putin who yesterday started a visit to the Ukraine lasting several days , support their own candidate , Prime Minister Yanukovych .
Ukraine has expressed a desire for still closer cooperation with the European institutions , and for stronger relations with the European Union .
It may have escaped me , but I asked the Dutch representative of the Council a pertinent question about the Council’s stance with regard to the Kremlin’s obvious political intervention in these Ukrainian presidential elections .
Respect for human rights and for the rights of minorities forms part of the EU’s fundamental values and is one of the objectives of the Union’s foreign and security policy .
That was a positive gesture towards Serbia and Montenegro .
I hope , however , that you will understand that I cannot anticipate the outcome of this feasibility study .     .
Mr President , freedom of religion is one of the priority areas in the revised accession partnership for Turkey that was adopted by the Council on 15 May 2003 .
The Council is closely following developments with regard to freedom of religion in Turkey against the background of the Copenhagen political criteria for accession .
Perhaps I can take the three questions together with the response to them .
Can non-Dutch-speakers understand me too ?
However , a number of other countries , including the United Kingdom , Germany , Denmark , Ireland , Sweden , Italy , Belgium and France have also made contributions to Bangladesh bilaterally .     .
