For businesses , qualifications guarantee an employee’s level of competence and his or her suitability for the role ; for an employee , they guarantee and promote this level of competence wherever he or she is within the European Union .
Moreover , it is changing all the time .
It must be based on the aims of high quality , good value for money and universal access .
We have launched a broad consultation process on the energy sector , and we shall be presenting other proposals – including , let me stress , legislative proposals , not just communications .
What we would like is to go much further in pinning down the precise implications of our forthcoming vote .
The first is the relationship between public services and the rules governing the internal market , in other words the provisions on competition , public procurement and state aid , not to mention the powers of the Commission and the Court to monitor and sanction perceived abuses .
I propose , Madam President , that we put this question at the top of the agenda for the great debate that has been announced on the future of Europe , and we shall see what Europeans really think about this matter .     Madam President , Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , you have emphasised , Mr President , that every country of the Union has its own history and its own conception of public services .
It is warranted in many respects , one reason being the failure to strike a fair balance between the rules of the internal market and the preservation of the general public interest ; another is the impact of a number of single-sector directives that have not delivered the promised or expected results .
I invite Mrs in't Veld to familiarise herself with this initiative , which is intended to define and protect public services and services of general interest and to guarantee their long-term future .
Our fellow citizens are not blind .
I believe that we must not underestimate the genuine or imagined concerns of a number of our citizens who feel there is a flagrant imbalance between , on the one hand , the implementation of competition law which , in its general provisions , is a horizontal law , and on the other hand , the protection of services of general interest at European level .
We want the greatest possible certainty for all operators of universal public services .
Mr Barroso , whom I would like to thank for attending the debate , has just confirmed for us the supposed benefit of this competition for consumers .
The freedom of Member States to define the duties they intend to entrust to public service , in accordance with the will of their people , is being seriously undermined in this instance .
It is in Europe that countries like France have invented this cooperative method of administering the shared dimensions of what is owned by society as a whole .
That is the way it is when it comes to the principles of the internal market and of competition – principles that are essential to our Community , that are inscribed in the Treaties and that the Commission is – let us be clear - absolutely obliged to respect , as it is obliged to respect the principles of state intervention and of the general interest .
The other radical approach consists in saying go ahead and regulate matters , as it will enable us – and people have been quite candid about this – to resist what is stated in the Treaties , the idea being that the Treaties tend rather to focus on liberalisation whereas the time has now come to question that perspective by enacting regulations opposed to the rules of the single market and of competition .
I think it is possible to take this matter forward while sticking to those principles of ours that define our European model : those of the internal market , respect for the rules of competition and defence of the general interest .
If we become split between two extreme positions over whether or not there should be overall regulation of the issue , I think we will be heading towards a confrontation that will not be in the overall interests of Europe as we understand it .
We must ensure that the Member States transpose the rules and apply them rigorously .     . – Clean air for the citizens , their health and their quality of life is a good intention .
The Committee on Budgetary Control has got it all wrong on the question of the rents paid and the purchase price of the buildings in Strasbourg .
Likewise , Parliament’s property policy , and that of all the European institutions , should be thoroughly reviewed and a European Buildings Authority created with clearly defined tasks and powers .
We said it at 17 , we said it at 25 , we are saying it at 27 and I am sure that when there are 30 , 35 , 40 or even 45 Member States we will be saying it will be the last time , and we will all be dead and it will be the last time , next year in Jerusalem .
How can you know it will come ?
In fact , when you read this report you find that it repeats what we have , quite rightly , always said .
Many spoke of young girls committing suicide .
Immediate action is required , in particular the abolition of Article 301 of the penal code , bringing anti-terrorist legislation into line with international law , the fight against impunity  – in 2005 only 2 out of 305 accused policemen were sentenced – the compensation law must be put into effect – 2 000 cases out of 3 000 have been processed in Akari province –