Ericsson , the telecoms company , has threatened to move its entire development department and corporate management to another country if it cannot get foreign people with leading-edge skills to move to Sweden .
This exception for highly-trained workers will protect the high taxation policy which otherwise would become impossible .
In our country , we are now seeing the principle of living standards dictated by nationality , which enshrines the principle of unequal pay for the same work .
Madam President , Commissioner , there are four matters I would like to raise , but the first thing I would like to say is that I am really glad that it is Commissioner Gradin herself who is present here , given her commitment to the fight against the trade in women and children , which also forms part of this report .
This is a case of people helping administrators in the field , which is what we need more than anything else .
Unfortunately , we have heard in Finland that this has happened in the applicant countries .
Secondly , I hope this Convention actually becomes a reality , unlike so many others .
I can imagine we would need this to have the coordination system which is part of any legal system .
So I feel slightly critical of this amendment .
Firstly , ferry traffic is not eligible for trans-European network support , unless both ports are part of it .
But the indirect support which is available today in the form of flagging out rules is much greater and could have much more serious consequences , namely the flagging out which would take place in ferry traffic if duty-free were abolished .
Unfortunately , those signatures were not received by Commissioner Monti .
I am particularly glad that Mrs Reding has noticed this matter , which is important to countries where there is already extensive cooperation between the authorities , for example .
New technology is developing rapidly in aviation .
The question is , should we develop our own navigation system or should we simply modify those already in existence ?
This represents an opportunity to be in there and influence future developments , which I think is a good thing .
Against this background , I would like to mention a letter from the Association of European Airlines .
As I said before , this aim is totally unrealistic .
This project , which we are forced to employ to improve the safety of the destroyed reactor , is desirable but would be incredibly expensive .
In order to achieve a truly environmentally safe system we would also need a complete , safe , final disposal method for all radioactively contaminated sections of the wrecked reactor , as well as the shelter .
The radioactivity is still there .
The problem is enormous and cannot just be swept away somehow .
A rapid improvement of the unacceptable security risks at Chernobyl must be the absolute top priority , and the bureaucratic expenses required to achieve this aim must be kept to the absolute minimum .
We should make it quite clear to the Ukraine that they must expect significant reductions in the contribution unless the promise to close Chernobyl is kept .
We need new technology .
Mr President , there are undoubtedly a lot of people who , like me , remember 26 April 1986 .
It was three days before the report was changed , and it turned out to be a Russian reactor thousands of kilometres from the island in the archipelago where I and my friends were staying .
The decision was actually taken before 1986 .
Advice , expertise and money must go to the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development .
Mr President , I am a little afraid that the task of this new committee may be somewhat vague because its mandate has been expanded .
I would therefore like to ask whether we could also conceive of the group giving general advice to others , in other words , a fiche d'impact d 'éthique , which could be considered in the assessment of all political questions .
Finally , I would like to say that it was gratifying to hear that we will get these opinions from the group immediately and do not have to be satisfied with three-year reports .
However , there is one criteria which is not mentioned , but which should be the most important , the main reason why my homeland , Sweden , is not joining EMU, that is , democratic support .
I do not think this is a test of political will , but rather a simple demonstration of power .
The citizens are afraid that the centralization of economic and political decision-making will lead to a policy with increased unemployment and increased difficulty in developing a fair , publicly-financed welfare system .
The fact that 11 countries appear to be joining EMU is said to guarantee that there will not be a division of the Union , but will we not get that in any case ?
That is why , amongst others , we Greens are going to vote against EMU.
Others have said that only a few countries are going to be in at the start .
My own country , Sweden , is not going to join from the beginning , which I personally regret .
In addition , if you participated in the first two stages of EMU, that was important too .
It was therefore important to have participated in the first two stages .
I can also reveal to you that the Swedish parliament has just voted for the Amsterdam Treaty with 226 votes in favour and 40 against .
But even that is not enough .
So far , the people have not seen these results .
Mr President , even before it has come into force