stringent demands on drivers .
For example , they must be honest .
The fact that offences in the field of environmental protection and professional liability are now to be regarded as transport-related is something new .
It is time we widened the law to include , not just traditional criminal offences , but also infringements of rules on environmental protection and driving and resting times .
Sections of the road haulage industry have come to appreciate that this year .
Another requirement to be met by operators of a road haulage business is that must they be professionally competent .
Under the present proposal the subjects with which an applicant must be familiar are clearly defined and internationalized .
So I agree that there is a need for common rules on transport , the environment and working time in the EU.
At the same time the good news in this proposal clearly outweigh the bad .
I can therefore support the report , which I think is good , and I congratulate the rapporteur on this first report .
Mr President , it is problematical to classify countries in advance depending on whether they are in or soon will be in .
It is immensely important that Estonia has been included , but in a few years Latvia could also be in the same favourable situation .
I would very much like to have an answer to that from the Commissioner .
I asked whether Latvia can still be included in the first round , if it meets all the criteria in two years .
Mr President , it has been said that the Intergovernmental Conference was called to prepare the EU for enlargement .
That task has not been accomplished .
The Commission is now asking for a new Intergovernmental Conference in the year 2000 prior to a possible enlargement .
New Member States must meet even more stringent demands with regard to economic policy and public finances .
That will make sustainable economic development more difficult in the economies that are lagging behind .
Is the EU prepared to open up the labour market to new immigration , when we have 18 million unemployed ?
With its raised demands on the new Member States , Amsterdam in reality means a postponement of enlargement .
There are fine words in the Amsterdam Treaty on openness , sustainable development and employment .
The declarations on the environment are accompanied by abolition of the environmental guarantee contained in Article 100a( 4 ) of the Treaty in favour of a dispensation procedure administered by the Commission .
Today openness can be instituted by eight out of fifteen countries .
Tomorrow it can be blocked by three countries , such as Spain , France and Germany .
But I will congratulate Luxembourg on taking over the EU Presidency .
Mr President-in-Office , I would like to ask you - for we all know that the situation is serious in the region and in Burma itself - when the question is to be put on the Council 's agenda .
What form of discrimination does the Council imagine a church could be subject to ?
, rapporteur .
( DA ) Mr President , sustainable development is defined in the Brundtland Report of 1987 as a process of change with the aim of meeting the needs of the present without compromising the ability of future generations to satisfy their needs .
A simple aim which , however , has proved difficult to achieve .
It is worth repeating it : policy and action .
On ceremonial or official occasions it always seems so easy to reach agreement on the general political intention of doing more for the environment .
The difficult part is and has always been to translate the fine words into action .
But in the review of the Fifth Environmental Action Programme the Commission placed most emphasis on the preeminent general policy considerations and much less on concrete action .
And , without extensive adjustments , we shall not be able to achieve sustainable development .
It was also our view that , in a review of an environmental action programme , we have a duty to secure a sensible adjustment in those areas in which it is clear that it will not otherwise be possible to achieve the objectives laid down in the programme .
Otherwise what is the point of having a review ?
After all it should not be forgotten that the objectives we are talking about were adopted jointly by the Council , the Commission and the European Parliament in 1992 .
But the European Parliament has not lost all hope and confidence in the Council of Environment Ministers .
That is fine .
At present the Council 's common position is sadly far apart from that of Parliament .
So now we hope that the Council will take inspiration from the European Parliament 's proposals , not least because the environment has a very high priority with us and a large majority of the population in all the Member States .
I hope that the Council will not miss that opportunity .
I myself experienced that when I took part in the Rio II summit in New York last month .
It was clear there that the Council is a driving force in global environmental policy .
We are therefore very interested in having good cooperation with the Council , just as the Council has indicated that it wants good cooperation with us .
The amendments of course vary in content , since they deal with quite different areas within environmental development .
They set out to transform environmental policy into concrete action .
The difficulty we nevertheless have in achieving sustainable social and economic development has to do with the fact that , in the rich countries , we have built up a lifestyle that goes in exactly the opposite direction .
Lifestyles cannot be changed overnight