the EU as well as for exports , and , for the first time , a disclosure of ingredients .
As a relatively new Member of this House it struck me how strong the forces against this directive are in this Parliament .
There have been so many red herrings thrown into this debate that I think many people would be more comfortable in a fishing debate than in a public health debate .
The power of big tobacco companies is all too evident .
I say to each and every one of my colleagues , tobacco is like no other product .
You become addicted and it kills you .
It is a fact that 80 % of people start smoking before the age of eighteen yet the tobacco industry says people make adult choices .
It is a fact that 80 % of smokers want to stop but there are few policies within the tobacco industry to help those people stop .
Instead it pretends to tackle youth smoking .
If we had known at the outset what we know about tobacco now , it would be an A-class drug .
It is a fact that in the last century almost twice as many people died because of tobacco than in the two world wars put together .
If we do not act now , worldwide deaths are estimated at one billion this century .
Let us make sure that the fight to save lives is paramount and play our part in tackling the power of big tobacco interests , which only destroy lives .
Mr President , tobacco wrecks lives .
To the shame of this European Union , we require our taxpayers to subsidise the growing of the wretched stuff to the tune of over EUR 1 billion a year .
At the same time , we jeopardise sensible measures to deter smoking , especially among young people , because we try to put the whole world within our single market .
If we insist on telling other countries what health standards they should set by extending our sensible proposals for the domestic market to exports , we shall put all Mr Maaten 's good work at risk .
Because , as sure as export night follows advertising day , there will be another challenge in the courts , and not just the export provision but the whole directive with it will be thrown out .
I should like the Commissioner to clarify whether the removal of the exemption for exports applies just to the tar and nicotine levels , as was the impression given in committee , or to all the proposals in the directive .
We need to know because thousands of jobs are at stake in Darlington , Nottingham , Southampton and Belfast .
Those jobs could be destroyed very quickly by our misunderstanding and our vote .
I want to see sensible measures go through and not lost .
I want to see an end to misleading descriptions such as 'mild ' and 'light ' that give the impression that some cigarettes are safer : deeper inhalation means they are not .
These labels should go .
There should be no exemption for trademarks or we will simply create new anomalies in competition and the single market .
I want to see the photographic warning option , sensible listing of ingredients , Europe-wide research , health promotion measures to help children to remain smoke , tar , nicotine and addiction free .
I do not want to see all this put at risk because we tried to take this measure beyond the legal powers of this European Union and this Parliament .
Madam President , this report is very straightforward : at present , directives on summer time only last for five years , and then have to come back to Parliament to be renewed .
What this report is suggesting is that those arrangements be made permanent , so that we have summer time in place in perpetuity , as it were , rather than its having to be ratified by this Parliament every five years .
There is no good reason not to accept that in principle .
Indeed , there are many very strong arguments in favour of having summer time .
These arguments include less energy consumption ; transport ; hotels and restaurants , which have found planning easier ; leisure activities ; increasing the quality of life ; and helping to prevent disruption of people 's bio-rhythms .
Most Member States accept and want summer time , and thus this report is not at all controversial .
The advantage of making summer time a permanent arrangement would be to make planning easier .
Particular sectors involved in this , for example , IT and computers , transport , communications , air and rail , have said to us and to the Commission that they would find it very helpful to know that there will be summer time every year , that it will be permanent , so they can make forward-planning arrangements .
There is also a good argument in terms of the single market , where again similar planning considerations apply .
In terms of the substance of the report , what is being suggested is that the current arrangements , with summer time starting on the last Sunday in March and ending on the last Sunday in October , remain in place and are made permanent arrangements .
However , amendments have been put forward calling for a review and for a report to be produced at the end of five years .
As the rapporteur , I would recommend that these amendments be supported as they make a lot of sense .
The main argument in favour of these amendments and of a report at the end of five years actually concerns enlargement of the European Union , which , following the Nice Summit , is particularly apposite and appropriate .
