The reasons why it is mainly poor people who experience the effects of global climate change are many .
It is thus difficult to eradicate the risk of climate-related diseases , such as malaria , from breaking out .
I thus support constructive and well thought-out proposals by the EU in this area .
At the same time , I wish to emphasise that the UN Climate Conventionhasbeen ratified by189 parties .
I really hope that you are right in your analysis and that things are moving in the right direction .
It is extremely important , however , that we integrate this approach into all of our social structuring and social planning , for it will only be then that we shall be able to achieve results .
Shipments of that type cannot make economic sense or be in any way sustainable , and we must ensure that the economy is partly driven in a manner that makes it unprofitable to transport food in this way .
This means that the demands upon us are increasing and that the measures we need to take to reduce emissions by 60 to 80 % by 2050 – which is a realistic figure – will require quite different energy and transport policies than those we have at present .
That is why it is even more important that the EU dare to conduct a consistent policy involving far-reaching objectives .
With a view to giving people factual and other information about the EU , its policy areas and the decisions and measures it adopts , the Commission has , every year since 2003 , published an invitation to submit proposals for the cofinancing of high-quality and accessible programmes which appeal to popular taste and which at the same time serve to promote the EU’s ideas and values .
Subsequently , agreements will be drafted , regulating the forms to be taken by this cooperation between radio and TV companies or producers and the Commission .
This is borne out by the results of the Commission ’s latest quality studies and opinion polls carried out in the EU’s 25 Member States .
They may also be interested in historical documentaries , arts programmes and films , but to a significantly lesser degree .
Is there no requirement of balance and objectivity ?     Madam President , we proceed on the basis that the partners we cooperate with each abide by their Member State’s laws on balance or , rather , objectivity .
What is curious is that the opposite is presented as being the case .     Madam President , Mr Lundgren , I do not think I stated anything at all about a bias towards one side or the other .
We have of course talked about trying to extract facts and information about the Constitution and helping journalists understand better and obtain all the information they need to be able , as I see it , to conduct a debate that addresses both the ‘yes ’ and ‘no’ arguments .
What we are trying to help ensure is that there is access to information , as well as educational material if needed , for journalists too so that they can learn , for example , how the European institutions operate .
I welcome the UN’s efforts in the Sudan conflict , such as the recent creation of the 10 000-man strong UN mission , UMIS.
Possible EU actions need to be focused upon humanitarian aid following consultation with the UN.
In that way , the world’s total efforts in Sudan will achieve their maximum effect .     Mr President , I wish to thank Mr Schmit and Mr Almunia for their contributions .
I have little time , however , so I shall focus specifically on relations between the EU and the World Bank .
In that way , he said , our work would be more effective and produce better results , and we would also have greater influence in every dimension of this important context .
I can only emphasise , on the basis of where I stand , that we must bring about change at this level .
Instead , the EU must abolish quota systems of all kinds within agriculture .     We support structures and rules that prevent discrimination in the labour market against people from other countries .
Education systems vary from one Member State to another , and , in practical terms , it is thus difficult mutually to recognise all professional qualifications .
That is an issue for the parliaments and both sides of industry in each Member State to decide about .
We have defended the principle of subsidiarity and a flexible labour market in which employees ’ health is simultaneously protected .
Unfortunately , a host of detailed regulation , which we believe may damage small enterprises in Europe , was voted through .
When , therefore , the proposal concerning the opt-out – a rule , moreover , that is not applied in Sweden - was voted down and the proposal to calculate average working time over a period longer than four months was rejected , I thought it right to vote against the proposal as a whole .     Mr President , I wish to thank the Council for its answer to Mr Seppänen’s question .
One of the discussion points in connection with the negotiations concerning the new Constitution related , of course , to whether the Euratom Treaty should be allowed to continue , as the Constitution allows it to .
In my case , that amounted to EUR 6 300 over just six months .
These tariffs ought then to be returned to the developing countries in order to improve their environment and social situation .
PR and propaganda are about selling something for which there is no demand .
I object to paragraph 9 , which is all about pure product placement , something