a difficult issue and I would appeal to the House to support the resolution as put forward by the Legal Affairs Committee .
Mr President , on behalf of the British Conservatives , I should like to offer our strong support to the Spanish authorities in their fight against terrorism .
The United Kingdom has suffered from terrorism for over 30 years .
Indeed , there was another incident in London last night , and I offer our condolences to the latest victim of terrorism in Spain .
In order to defeat terrorists , it is essential that government should be unambiguous in the message that it sends out and that public opinion should be kept resolute .
Terrorists should be given no hope of achieving their objectives by force , no comfort that they will avoid punishment for their awful crimes and no hiding-place .
In particular , no European Union Member State should provide sanctuary for terrorists so they can mount attacks on another state .
I am afraid the UK experience has in fact been largely negative on all these counts .
We support the Spanish Government and security forces in their tough stance against ETA terrorism and express solidarity with the Spanish people and in particular , those that have suffered directly as victims of terrorism .
( Applause )
Mr President , let us send out a very clear and unequivocal message from this Parliament today that violence has no role of any description in solving the problems of a divided people .
All that violence does is deepen the divisions and make the problem much more difficult to resolve .
Organisations which use violence , should be told very clearly that their claim to be acting to achieve human and civil rights for people is completely false , because their method undermines the most fundamental human right of all , the right to life .
The message we should send out is that there should be an absolute and complete end to violence .
Following an absolute and complete end to violence , there can be dialogue and this dialogue should involve democratically elected representatives of all sections of the people .
The objective of that dialogue would be an agreement that would enjoy the loyalty of all sections of the people .
This is a straightforward and logical way of dealing with terrorism and those who genuinely want to solve the problem should have no difficulty in following that path .
Mr President , there must be a common and effective EU contribution to the success of the UN World Conference Against Racism next year and its European preparatory conference next month .
The EU has a human rights duty and competence to make all different , all equal , a reality .
It can and must forcefully tackle race discrimination and xenophobia making the EU a world leader in the celebration of multicultural and ethnic diversity .
Let us do it with wholehearted political conviction , not just as a diplomatic exercise .
This question and motion outlines ways in which racism must be documented and prevented and sanctions implemented .
Getting effective sanctions means firstly exploiting EU powers for anti-discrimination laws and agreeing the Article 13 Race Directive in record time sent the right signal of determination .
Effectiveness also means stepping up intergovernmental police and judicial cooperation under Article 29 of the EU Treaty and ways to do that are explored here .
We want to hear that the Member States will sign Protocol No 12 of the European Convention on Human Rights which makes discrimination a direct infringement of the convention on the occasion of the convention ' s fiftieth anniversary in November .
Other Members and Groups with many helpful amendments which I will accept , but there are some I cannot accept .
Firstly , I regret that the opportunity has been taken to identify specific countries and parties as especially bad e.g .
Amendments Nos 1 , 3 , 5 and 6 .
The trouble with singling out some countries but not others is that you do not make a comprehensive assessment .
I therefore appeal to the sponsors of these amendments to consider withdrawing them .
In particular I would appeal to Mr Ford to withdraw his Amendment No 1 even if I have sympathy with it since it would be a pity if a motion on these very important European and world conferences were derailed over Austria .
Mr President , there has been some interest in my commitment to Austria .
I have to say to Mr Pirker that I have been interested in what has been happening in Austria for some time .
I was there in 1986 protesting about Mr Haider ' s discrimination against the Slovene speaking minority in Corinthia .
While I accept , of course , that individual members of the Freedom Party may well be impeccable and upstanding individuals , there is a phrase that those that lie down with dogs get fleas .
So it may be unfortunate that some people who have chosen particular political parties get labelled in that way but it is their own ultimate responsibility .
Can I congratulate Baroness Ludford on her report .
She has put a great deal of work into it .
I have to say , however , and it is not her fault , that there are sins of omission as far as I am concerned .
Commissioner Diamantopoulou made the point very clearly that there are two monsters facing us here in Europe , terrorism and racism .
We have to recognise that those monsters exist and I am not sure that we do in this particular resolution .
There is still a view that there is not really any racism in Europe .
If there is any racism , it is fairly small and , if it does exist , it is the fault of the victims .
