The humanitarian aid corridors must be organized as soon as possible , and if the UN Security Council cannot reach a decision , even though Canada has started proceedings , Europe will have to take action immediately in concert with the Organization of African Unity and without further procrastination .
That had already happened , the other way round , in Rwanda in 1994 when it was in fact the Hutus that were guilty of massacring more than 500 , 000 Tutsis .
Nevertheless , I must thank Commissioner Bonino for her selfless efforts .
The main responsibility for this crime rests with those Rwandan forces - both the militias of the former regime and those loyal to the new government in Kigali - which in recent years have done nothing to bring about a new national reconciliation but , instead , have deliberately fanned the flames of ethnic and political hatreds , which today are inevitably erupting in armed conflict .
It would have cost a lot less , both in terms of human lives and in terms of financial resources , if we had done it when we were asked to , several weeks ago .
Except in rare cases , no budget lines are provided for the purposes of European coordination and representation .
What I am trying to say is that Parliament has developed , internally , a carefully considered and widely shared position and stance , and that I believe that position is the one expressed in today 's motion for a resolution ; that resolution indicates the determination of Parliament to support the peace process at a difficult time - indeed , a very difficult time - by asserting its confidence in the 'land for peace ' strategy and its conviction that the Oslo agreements must be applied .
This must provide everyone with food for thought , and essentially it is the people of Israel upon whom we call to show their leaders the right road - the road of negotiation , reconciliation and respect for the accords signed in Oslo .
As for the peace process , there is no denying that it is in crisis .
For anyone with a sense of humour let me read the wording of the appeal to Iran .
Mr President , I should like to say that the European Union wants to play a part in the peace process in the Middle East , to assist and promote the peace process .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I believe that the attempt to define a new equilibrium between the institutions of the Union , and within that framework to conduct a struggle to increase the powers of the European Parliament , is an important political struggle .
We have tried to make a contribution here which would take account of the special nature of European legislation , and we have extended it to place particular emphasis on the programmatic aspect .
I should like to devote the remainder of my speech to another point which we did not discuss in the report : the broadening of certain specific areas of the use of codecision .
In conclusion , Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I believe that this struggle to enhance the legislative power of this unique institution , which directly represents the citizens of Europe , is a legitimate one .
Similarly , we are opposed to the drawing up of a list of so-called safe countries .
To quote a simple example , it has been calculated that , to obtain compensation for damage in the sum of about ECU 2 , 000 , a European consumer today , involved in cross-border litigation , would have to face average legal costs amounting to ECU 2 , 500 , not counting VAT , and not to mention innumerable risks ; indeed , there is not even any certainty that , if he won his case , he would then be able to assert his rights , because it may well happen that when the time comes for payment the other , defeated party has disappeared or is no longer able to pay .
The legal basis of the action plan is certainly Article 129a of the Treaty , which of course does not exclude the possibilities opened up by Article K.1 of the Treaty on European Union .
It seems to me that there is one point I should add to Mr Florio 's excellent report : basically , I am trying to clarify a fundamental but uncomfortable truth .
I say this because , although I entirely endorse all the suggestions contained in the report , the fact remains that the Commission , and DG XXIV in particular , presently lack the resources , both financial and human , to implement them , although our attitude to a good many of them is one not just of agreement but of a degree of enthusiasm .
As far as the amendments are concerned , the Commission is in such agreement with the spirit of the report that , give or take one or two formal amendments , it accepts virtually all of them ; specifically , 20 of the 25 proposed by Parliament .
I feel sure that the European Parliament has no intention of destroying the meaning of Article 2 , and hence of the entire directive .
Let me add just a few words addressed to Mrs Kuhn , who raised two specific problems .
It is no coincidence that mention has also been made here of the problem of the maize authorization applied for by Ciba , because , among other things , that application concerns not only imports into the European Union but also local production , so that it may give rise to additional complications .
The consumer has the right to information , and I therefore believe that we must identify