As stated in the report , if we want donors to give blood for free , which should be the case , the blood supply system cannot be commercial .
Lest any doubts remain that the Commission is seeking to renationalise policy , it has tabled Article 3 of the regulation , which guarantees the primacy of Community law over national law , in other words , the implementation by national authorities and courts of Community law .
News comes through on a regular basis and is always sad .
More important , however , than condemning those who stubbornly continue to wage war , and criticising both sides , which undoubtedly deserve our criticism for pursuing this path of confrontation , the most important and most useful thing may be to foster peace .
We have watched these terrible events unfold in Angola with profound and heartfelt regret .
This could only lead to disaster and , once again , it is a disaster that we are witnessing .
Now , when it is clear that there is no military solution to the conflict , - not that there ever was ! - people are saying more than ever that arms are the key to peace .
We cannot work with the warlords , whether they are involved in diamonds or oil .
The candidature of Archbishop Zacarias Kamuenho is part of this approach and I urge all honourable Members to ensure that we , as an international community , understand the tragedy of the Angolan people .
All the same , and if any doubts could possibly remain , these acts have brutally shown the correct nature of the positions that have been successively adopted by the international community which , with a single voice , has called for and is implementing the isolation of UNITA and the imposition of sanctions on it .
As a matter of fact , it is now clearer than ever that any path to peace in Angola requires holding UNITA responsible , ensuring its political and diplomatic isolation , ending the diamond trade that sustains it and disarming it for good .
Mr President , I wish to respond to a personal remark which I consider to be unacceptable and , in this context , insulting .
Exactly , Mr President , this is a point of order .
Mr President , I did not mean any insult by this , because it is public knowledge and widely known that this party , to which Mr Ribeiro e Castro belongs , has clear , public and acknowledged links with UNITA.
Once again , therefore , our first words must be , like those of so many other speakers , words of solidarity and condolence , and we must turn our thoughts to all these lives cut short and to the suffering of their families .
Apart from stimulating relationships of trust , cooperation and cultural dialogue with all Islamic communities and citizens that share these universal values , in an attempt to involve them in an active commitment against terrorism and the threat that this represents , the European Union and its Member States must establish , between themselves and internationally , new and more effective forms of cooperation in the field of gathering and processing information by police forces , in harmonising judicial and legal systems and finally , in the field of common security and defence , which will help to guard against and allow the harsh punishment of anyone who encourages this new form of world threat or their agents .
For my part , I should simply like to emphasise three points .
In other words , we need to implement the Palermo Convention on organised crime .
With regard to political decisions - for example , the two framework decisions that the Commission has just approved - it is quite clear that unanimity could prove to be a tricky obstacle to overcome in Council .
This goes without saying .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the Commission report dealing with the activities of the Cohesion Fund in 1999 proves that , as in previous years , it is continuing to pursue the most immediate objectives for which it was created , which are to provide the so-called cohesion countries , Portugal , Spain , Greece and Ireland , with economic infrastructures in the areas of the environment and transport .
Because everything ran to plan in 1999 , because this is the last year of the 1993-1999 programming period and because the Commission report provides a broad overview of developments that have taken place during this period , I feel it is more important to focus my speech on the contribution of the Cohesion Fund to achieving economic and social cohesion , of which it is a fundamental instrument .
We are convinced that the Commission and , in particular , Commissioner Michel Barnier are equal to this challenge .
They are a political threat because the European Union cannot succeed if it is underpinned by stark territorial and social inequalities .
We must , therefore , oppose any attempt to abolish the Cohesion Fund .
Territorial inequalities that existed within certain States that have Objective 1 regions , such as Italy , Spain and Greece are also still very much in evidence .
Furthermore , one need only look at the experience of German reunification to understand that , if we do not do everything that we can to remedy the situation , the problem will get worse when the enlargement States join the Union .
In this context , I think that we cannot delay taking a decision that will ensure an increase in the Union ' s budget for the next programming period that is considerably higher than 1.27 % of the Community GDP.
When employment in a given sector is dominated by women , the