work to develop low emission vehicles there is good reason to introduce road toll systems specifically to reduce emissions .
I refer to Article 174 of the Treaty on European Union .     – Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , points in life are generally good things , but these points are unfortunately incongruous .
All my sympathies are with the Austrians but , ladies and gentlemen , we are not in Vienna , in the Austrian parliament : we are in the European Parliament !
If I had been born in a valley in Austria the problem would look just like it does from your point of view .
Journeys become longer , there is more wear and tear to the roads , and there is more pollution .
It is always the end consumer that pays , that European earning just EUR 1 000 a month .
What should the solution be ?
We know in practice that they do not have sufficient capacity , but we shall do our best .
In the last 30 years I have been flying round the world an average of twice a week , which is perhaps more than many others here in this House .
Because , ladies and gentlemen , what do the airlines do for money ?
We cannot provide passengers with better service by increasing legislation and putting a strain on the airlines , because even today’s system works excellently in the countries which apply it .
We live in a world of open competition and this will only mean that third countries will have the competitive edge .
More red tape of this sort will not help the situation .
Increased fares may easily be awaiting us at the end of the runway .     – Mr President , I thank the rapporteur , Mr Glante , for what was a considerable task .
We in Finland have a lot of good things to say about cogeneration .
I support the directive , as it will provide an impetus for increased generation of this type throughout Europe .
The Union really must set an example in this area .
In our national strategy this path has almost reached its end and district heating plants and industrial sites have on the whole already exploited cogeneration .
We realise that it is important that it should remain within the powers of decision of the Member States as to what means are used to increase common targets .
I am in favour of the Council’s support for the amendment in the report which states that it would be the Commission ’s task to assess the effects of a harmonised calculation method and propose further action to promote harmonisation .
I heartily support cogeneration , which is an environmental and energy policy instrument for increasing energy efficiency and improving the security of energy supplies .
As Mr Paasilinna just said , we in Finland have good things to say about cogeneration .
Our group supports the compromises drafted by the rapporteur and hopes the directive will now speedily move forward .
This creates uncertainty , and rising import ratios increase the risk of supplies being interrupted .
The Member States must jointly approve the defined criteria whereby binding targets may be achieved .
Accordingly , it is particularly important that there is cooperation between different operators and that they can exchange information on good practices .     – Mr President , this issue has been debated in many forums and I thank the rapporteur for his considerable input with regard to this matter , which is essentially connected with the workings of the internal market and cogeneration and which will hopefully now be brought to a conclusion .
With the latest compromise proposals the directive has indeed progressed in the right direction .
CHP should be promoted , as it is an efficient and natural way to produce electricity and heat .
This would distort competition in the open electricity market which we are trying right now to create within the EU.
It would be a way of furthering the realisation of targets related to the use of renewables and reducing emissions .
It is important to promote cogeneration , as it is a good solution both economically and environmentally .
The agreed compromise proposals now constitute a step forward with regard to this issue .     .
The background to this report is a petition by a young English woman two years ago and I am happy to be able to say that Louise McVay is at this moment sitting in the visitor’s gallery , observing what her determination and courage led to .
Louise wrote to the President of the European Parliament , who redirected her letter to the Committee on Petitions .
MS affects young people at a time in their lives when study , the pursuit of a career and starting a family are important issues .
This disparity in acquiring the best possible medication and therapy violates people’s fundamental right to healthcare .
I believe that with better levels of cooperation and the full support of all the Union’s institutions , above all and most obviously Parliament , health ministers will be able to concentrate resources more effectively on support for people with this disease .
At the moment MS is an incurable illness and anyone diagnosed with it cannot just psychologically adapt to a change in their life .
Because her symptoms varied so much it was thought she did not meet the requirements which would entitle her to medical services .
I have also tabled two amendments on the need to adhere to the precautionary principle , especially in the handling of toxic chemicals .
In my country , Finland , there are just 6 000 MS sufferers , but each of us have many associates among the hundreds of thousands in the EU that share the same fate