areas from satellite images is not always successful .
This being the case , the amendment which states that the information obtained should be used solely for estimating yields and not for control purposes is fitting .
Unreasonably harsh sanctions are imposed if they unintentionally make mistakes owing to poor advice .
As new methods are introduced , we also have to ensure that the privacy of farmers is protected and that the entire process is a transparent one . on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group . - ( FI ) Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , the Bali conference on climate was a success and we can be proud of the EU 's role there .
The United States has thus not succeeded in limiting future negotiations , which are bound to be difficult , as people here have said .
I am glad that the Commission last week saw climate protection as a positive economic option - the new industrial revolution .
How we can remain at the forefront of the development in clean new energy technology is crucially important for our economic future .
The planet cannot be rescued unless the big developing countries , like China and India , also limit their emissions .
The number of irregularities notified by the Member States rose in 2006 to the equivalent of EUR 1 143 million .
Approximately a third of these irregularities were cases of direct fraud .
The Commission should speed up the recovery process and if necessary apply corrective measures .
Both committees also assure the Commission of their full support in rigorously applying the option of suspension of payments if the Commission does not have absolute guarantees that the Member State which is the beneficiary of funds has a reliable management and control system .
My first point is not that it is Malcolm Harbour 's birthday , but it is , so we should congratulate him .
Working with you has been a lot of fun .
Working with you has also been a lot of fun .
They did an excellent job .
The second was Fernanda and the Portuguese Presidency .
You did a great job as well , so thank you very much , Vinka .
If I had a choice I would call this the Ayral package in tribute to his work , because he was a fantastic European civil servant , of the type we need .
He has been the soul behind this whole package .
Since then we have had 300 court cases to show that mutual recognition does not work .
Seventy-five per cent of goods are harmonised , and twenty-five percent are not .
Of that EUR 500 billion , there are problems relating to EUR 150 billion .
Unfortunately , the Member States tried to water it down , but fortunately we in the European Parliament protected the interests of the internal market and pushed through an ambitious package .
To put it in simple terms , until now it took a small , medium-sized or large company two to three years to fight a case on mutual recognition in court .
So we have shifted the burden of proof .
What I want to say to all small and medium-sized businesses in Europe is that there is no need ever again to fill in a form to apply to enter the market of another country .
Call us , call me , if you have a problem .
The answer is bicycles , scaffolding , fire alarms , bread and plant-based products , and so forth .
( Applause ) rapporteur . - Madam President , I should like to finish this debate with four points and , unfortunately , I have to start with Mr Bloom , from the UK Independence Party , who criticised , amongst others , myself for being thankful to people who worked on this whole package .
My part of the package was about mutual recognition , with free movement of goods and with not harmonising everything .
So perhaps what Mr Bloom , or his speech-writer , is suggesting is that Marmite or Branston Pickle should not move freely , or Rolls Royce , or Church 's shoes , or Burberry clothing - I do not know how much good that would do for the UK economy .
My second point is that this is probably a European record in terms of efficiency , because I do not know of a major legislative package which was introduced on Valentine 's Day - 14 February - 2007 by the Commission and approved by Coreper on 13 February 2008 - one day under a year .
Therefore , in that sense , this was remarkably fast and , once again , I want to thank all the people who were involved in this , because it shows that the machinery works .
Just get in touch with the Commission if you have problems with mutual recognition .
I know it was not easy in Coreper and I know it was not easy in the working groups , but the Presidency did an excellent job and , hopefully , it will be as successful in the final months of its Presidency . on behalf of the ALDE Group . - ( FI ) Madam President , Commissioner , first of all I wish to thank the rapporteur , Cem Özdemir , for producing a successful report .
He has worked hard in this area and raised some fundamental issues on the EU and Central Asia strategy .
The Union wants to increase imports of natural gas and oil from the region and diversify transit routes .
The EU will need to step up the implementation of its Central Asia strategy , speed up the implementation of projects , and broaden its approach both at nation and local level