It can make no sense to legislate on how Europeans are permitted to climb ladders .
This should not be the priority for this House .
It is too great a level of detail for this House to involve itself in and it will merely lead to the ridiculing of the European Union because this is just the sort of interference which is deeply unpopular with many citizens across the European Union .
Instead of engaging in this sort of interference , we should be addressing those issues where it is constructive for Member States to work together and develop some common standards .
A common and uniform and centralised standard on how you climb a ladder is not necessary and it is an undesirable interference with the way people run their work environment .
We can trust the people of Europe to decide for themselves how they climb ladders .
I believe that it is not necessary to conduct a risk assessment every time it is proposed to use a ladder .
As anyone working in the home can tell you , ladders are used very commonly and very frequently and , yes , there are accidents but I do not believe this kind of directive will ever eliminate those accidents .
All it will do is add yet another layer of European bureaucracy and red tape to be dealt with by a business community already suffocated by the weight of red tape .
As my colleague has said , it is time for a change .
It is time for this Parliament to start addressing the issues which are of concern to the citizens of Europe and to stop addressing itself to detailed questions where it can be of no assistance in actually securing worker protection .
In fact , all it is doing is bringing itself and the European Union into disrepute and burdening European businesses with a layer of cost and bureaucracy that they can ill afford .
I have to express amazement at the two speeches we have just heard , one from Mr Bushill-Matthews and the other from Mrs Villiers .
They seem to be engaging in a self-fulfilling prophecy .
They deplore the fact that the European Parliament is regarded as involving itself in trivia and generating red tape and yet they spend their time issuing press releases describing very important pieces of health and safety legislation as nothing but trivia and red tape .
It is hardly surprising that the British media project the sort of image that they describe .
This is a very important piece of health and safety legislation , building upon the corpus of such legislation that we have adopted at European level over the last twenty years .
It is not trivial for the families of the 500 000 people who fall from heights at work every year . 300 000 of those accidents are serious enough to cause the employees to be absent from work more than three days . 40 000 of those falls are very serious and 1 000 result in deaths .
Try to explain to the families concerned that this is a trivial issue .
It is not .
It is a very important issue and survey after survey , including those in Eurobarometer , and surveys of SMEs including by the last British Government have shown that SMEs themselves recognise the importance of good health and safety legislation .
I deplore the fact that the consensus we have had in this important area of policy has been broken in this way by a small minority in the EPP.
It really is absolutely deplorable and we should all - right across the political spectrum - make it clear that we will not tolerate that sort of behaviour from that minority .
It is described as bureaucratic .
But read the directive itself , read the proposal .
Is it onerous ?
Is it burdensome ?
Does it require detailed voluminous risk assessments before work is carried out a height ?
No, it does not , it is a very easily understood , readable , implementable directive and it should be described in that way .
It should be described as making a valuable contribution to preventing injury and deaths within the European Union .
Please do not engage in this trivialisation and then come along here and hypocritically express surprise that this institution is being held in ridicule .
You are the people who are causing that .
Stop it now , please .
Mr President , I am glad to see the tradition of speaking to the Commissioner is still alive and well .
I am particularly pleased with the comments she has made .
I hope that Parliament ' s amendments will be adopted tomorrow as I am sure they will be , despite the elements in this Parliament which do not seem to want to join in and that we will have an interesting discussion with the Council .
I wonder if the Commissioner would join me in deploring the way in which this report has been treated , with parts - notably the ladders - being isolated and suggestions made - by Mr Bushill-Matthews for one - that this is something that is futile if not childish .
Commissioner , I hope you will agree that this is a Treaty obligation for us all to look at .
The basis is Article 138 , which was previously Article 118a - and if I am right , we must look into the costs - administrative and otherwise - for small-to-medium-sized businesses , as laid down in the Treaty already .
This is a small-to-medium-sized-business-friendly piece of legislation , but more importantly it is friendly to the workers who have to use this equipment .
That is why the legislation is there and is to be applied across the European Union .
If only Mr Bushill-Matthews had been here when I first started , he would have heard some of the