perseverance .
Heaton Harris report ( A5-0395/2000 )
It is about time we made a decision , and in that sense , we are unwilling to support a number of amendments which Mrs Oomen-Ruijten tabled , and which are partly designed to adopt a mixed approach .
However , negotiations have not led to the enactment of a binding directive , because the Council and Commission do not want that at this stage .
Mr President , I share the opinion of Mrs Jackson and many other speakers who say that once legislation has been laid down , it should be implemented .
A great number of farmers use artificial fertiliser ; how is that measured ?
I would like to comment on two directives today .
Today ' s tragedy , a cross-border industrial site between Aachen and Maastricht , has been brought to a standstill for the umpteenth time because of two European hamsters .
As co-legislator , it is important for us to speak our minds , but we should not pass the blame to the Member States too readily .
The environment is a common legacy ; environmental protection a common task .
The significant implications of this would then be compensation and major public interest .
What we need is people who want to take up the challenge of producing an outstanding achievement , five-legged sheep as it were , but not obtained through genetic modification .
It requires entrepreneurship , a love of nature and the environment , social orientation and perseverance .
Your response in this matter is somewhat disappointing , in my opinion .
European fishermen are active in very different waters .
Mr President , first of all , I should like to congratulate both MEPs , Mr Gallagher and Mr Poignant , on the way in which they have set the tone for the new Green Paper , for it feels like this debate forms part of the groundwork for this paper , and we could say that we are using these reports for our own ends in an appropriate manner in order to adopt a position on this .
The third point is the so-called set aside scheme for regions which are hit hard by the dwindling fish stocks .
It is one of the world ' s poorest and most densely populated countries .
This is in contrast to the fact that the country labours under the burden of an increase in domestic violence against women , but also in violence on the streets and in political confrontations .
It is therefore essential for the forthcoming elections to be above board .
The shortage of personnel leads to a lack of supervision in projects .
The military presence has not let up .
Bangladesh has always been one of those poor countries which are regularly in the news , and the disasters which hit that country are always heart-rending .
Nobody knows how many more will fall ill in those regions .
In my view , it should be the EU' s responsibility to look after the local population out there .
In addition to the usual aid personnel , these competences also involve monitors , the deployment of government officials , trainers and police .
For instance , I find the list of examples and goals in Article 1 ( 1 ) , which is what the rapid reaction facility will serve to achieve , very useful .
We think that in future , the European Union ' s civil instruments will matter most in the sphere of maintaining law and order , and this is , of course , also what we want .
We are waiting with bated breath for a detailed proposal for a total package with so-called "headline goals " in this area .
In order not to hinder effectiveness , we have suggested not defining the financial boundaries beforehand , or including timeframes in the scheme .
That is why I welcome the Commission proposal to set up a rapid reaction mechanism alongside the military unit and to supplement ECHO .
It is of utmost importance for our Parliament to be totally involved .
Apparently , it will also be some time before agreement is reached , and that while the financial implications for the Member States are minimal .
In this way , we will prevent a situation from arising where initiatives meet with insufficient backing within Member States .
Mr President , I would like to correct an apparent slip of the pen by means of an oral amendment .
After the vote on Amendment No 6
.
It therefore surprised me somewhat not to hear either the presidency or the Commission breathe a word about the human rights situation in Africa just now in the introduction .
Notwithstanding the numerous treaties and conventions , the rights of women , children and other vulnerable groups are still being violated on a huge scale .
Last week , the British police succeeded in shutting the Wonderland club down , seizing 750 000 degrading photographs of children in the process .
The military regime out there has made so-called concessions before , which later proved to be absolutely worthless , and this often happened just before an EU-ASEAN Summit , or just before the conference in Geneva .
Lastly , I would like to draw attention to the growing problem , particularly in Africa , of the child soldiers , who are incited to commit the most terrible , drug-induced acts .
I approve of the criticism levelled at Iran and its lack of religious freedom , freedom for women and press freedom , but do not forget Burma and Indonesia and the child soldiers .
I am talking democracy , respect for human rights and minorities , so that Europe is able to become a real community of values , in short , a Community with a capital 'C' .
