The financial compensation amounts to EUR 900 per capita in Greenland and gives the EU access to Greenland fisheries products , which constitute more than 90 % of Greenland 's total exports .
The fourth protocol contains clear improvements on previous protocols in the shape of increased transparency , so that the Community 's quotas now correspond to the real fishing possibilities in Greenland 's waters , and the EU has , moreover , a continued option on the quantities laid down in the third protocol in the event of the stocks improving .
The fourth protocol proposes that , upon expiry of the protocol , under-utilised fishing possibilities might be used up by countries other than those that derive direct benefit from the agreement in accordance with the principle of relative stability .
There is no doubt that the EU 's fisheries agreements with third countries are now a significant part of the common fisheries policy .
The general expansion of the coastal states ' fishing zones to 200 nautical miles in the seventies meant that 95 % of fishing stocks and 35 % of the sea was subject to the coastal state legislation .
The fisheries agreement with Greenland came into force in 1995 in connection with Greenland 's withdrawal from the EU as a result of the self-government agreement with Denmark .
Joint ventures are , in particular , something I expect a lot of , and I shall propose that we in the Committee on Fisheries initiate a discussion of their advantages and disadvantages .
The President of the WTO has now come up , of course , with a proposal to cancel the peace agreement in the agricultural sphere .
We do in fact use the United States 's protectionists in the agricultural sphere to excuse our own protectionism .
The second point is workers ' rights .
How do we ensure that countries entering into agreements at the WTO observe , as a minimum , their own laws and rules governing workers ' rights , wages etc .
I am thinking , for example , of Thailand where refugees from Burma work in prison-like conditions for virtually no money and where the trade goes directly to Europe .
How are we to get this issue into the WTO negotiations ?
- ( DA ) Mr President , the Committee on Budgets ' opinion on the DAPHNE II Programme is primarily rather technical in scope , and of course this technical side is very important .
As Mrs Gröner stated , there has been a lot of interest in seeking funds from the previous DAPHNE Programme , and there were far more high-quality projects than there was money for .
It is , however , no secret that the multi-annual budgets for this type of policy - an internal policy - has a very low ceiling .
We must prioritise , and the Committee on Budgets has therefore been unable to give its support for a budget for DAPHNE of EUR 65 million .
I can see that , in its report , the Committee on Women 's Rights and Equal Opportunities has arrived at a budget of EUR 50 million .
It bears quite a lot of resemblance to the Committee on Budgets ' proposal , and it is an amount I would assess as defensible from a budgeting point of view .
I should also like to say how very pleased the Committee on Budgets is that the Committee on Women 's Rights and Equal Opportunities has adopted our proposal that , after 2006 , the commitment appropriations for DAPHNE II be dependent upon an agreement with the budgetary authorities .
Overall , then , I wish to say that we in the Committee on Budgets are able to support the report as it stands , but we cannot support the amendment designed to increase the budget to EUR 65 million .
The June Movement has chosen not to vote in favour of the proposal to delete Article 4 , in spite of this meaning that the Commission will become the coordinating body in relation to agreements entered into by the individual Member State .
Nor , in a way , do I myself think it is much fun looking back .
When representatives of my group , the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance , the Group of the Party of European Socialists and the Group for a Europe of Democracies and Diversities visited Baghdad in February of this year , we talked with the weapons inspectors , and it was our extremely clear impression that the inspection was working and that , if no weapons of mass destruction had then been found , it was first and foremost because they probably did not exist .
The second thing we discussed at that time was how such an attack would be taken in Iraq .
Would it be seen as a liberation or as an occupation ?
Our message was : probably as both .
Is there , however , a wish to see one 's country occupied by foreign troops in the process ?
Another thing we wanted to be considered before an attack was made was the internal tensions that would be triggered in Iraq .
Not that I think he was a hero .
This is , however , an example of how strong the tensions between the population groups in Iraq are , and it shows the enormity of the task involved in the headlong plunge into an attack on Iraq .
Another thing we feared was that , with this attack , the UN would be fundamentally weakened .
With a weakened UN , it can also be seen how much we in actual fact need the UN.
The United States must now recognise that even 180 000 soldiers are not enough to restore peace and order in Iraq .
More is