Unemployment and social dumping in the EU 's internal market have put the trade unions and labour movements on the defensive .
The starting point must be the right to full time work as standard , but with the possibility of part time work .
On the other hand , there have been very few specific measures .
It is therefore a positive move that we are now establishing legislation that is both clear and practicable .
The financial services industry should have removed the elements of the bonus systems that are damaging to society long ago , but since this has not happened , there is nothing else we can do but legislate .
Mr President , I would like to begin by thanking Mr Krahmer for having pushed for ambitious legislation .
It is therefore worth voting for .
The main priority of the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament was precisely this , namely to create order and a stronger wording that would mean that there can de facto be fewer exemptions than there are today .
At the same time , we will also be taking steps towards fairer competition , as the amendments will provide the impetus for better implementation with regard to emission limits .
We were a long way from an agreement when we started this work , and I believe that we still have different views on certain aspects .
Firstly , that timber is a wonderful and renewable material that we use too little rather than too much .
Secondly , it must be possible to implement the legislation .
The third point that I had in mind is that the legislation must not become a pretext for a new wave of protectionism .
After working for several years on this matter , I have to say that the compromise that we have today is as far as we can go .
Finally , I would just like to remind my fellow Members of one thing , and that is that when we talk about illegal trade in timber and timber products , we need to remember the main causes of this and continue to combat them : unclear ownership rights , corruption and poverty .
This must not become an excuse to stop the important work of combating corruption , as that is the main problem .
Extensive regulations give rise to barriers to trade , which adversely affect developing countries , making it more difficult for them to use their timber industry to lift themselves out of poverty .
We all still have the terrible images of the victims in our minds and we share their suffering .
I would like to thank the Commission for the guarantees that it has given with regard to the monitoring of the agreement .
This is what is referred to as the principle of non-refoulement and it applies irrespective of whether or not Pakistan has acceded to the Geneva Convention .
Between 70 and 90 % of all large predatory fish in the world 's oceans will have been overfished in 50 years ' time , and this is something that the EU really must take very seriously , as it will impair the resilience of the ecosystems in our seas that we currently desperately need in order to be able to absorb carbon dioxide and so form part of our solution for preventing climate change .
Madam President , Commissioner , I am pleased that we are able to have this important debate this evening , despite the late hour .
We need to accept , to a greater extent , the truth that growth is created by companies and entrepreneurs .
It is therefore with great concern that I have received information that Member States , as far as I can tell , completely contrary to their obligations , are trying to introduce a requirement that a Community trademark should only be granted if it is used in several countries .
Moreover , with the Treaty of Lisbon , the EU now has a number of new spheres of competence , including within foreign policy , sport , space research , energy and tourism .
I would also like to emphasise that European organisations representing over a million cultural workers in Europe supported the report , including the European Federation of Journalists and the European Writers ' Council .
When it was rejected in the vote , the Gallo report remained the only option for supporting the right of copyright holders to receive payment for their work .
The Swedish Conservatives have today , 7 October 2010 , voted against the report on health care systems in sub-Saharan Africa and global health .
In our opinion , however , this report does not have the answer to the question of how this should be provided .
It is important for the people in countries on the African continent to have access to health care services .
We also believe that , in certain respects , the report has an outdated attitude to private health insurance and independent providers of health care .
We therefore chose to vote in favour of the report .
I regret the fact that , in 2010 , we are still talking about maternity leave rather than parental leave .
Sometimes I ask myself whether it is easier to accept costs in traditional masculine areas than it is in connection with equality issues and the right of a child to have both parents .
The Confederal Group of the European United Left - Nordic Green Left and I support Mrs Estrela 's and Mrs Thomsen 's proposals , which we voted on in the Committee on Women 's Rights and Gender Equality , where we improved the possibilities .
There are also problems with the levels of remuneration in certain Member States .
As rapporteur