, as well as the promotion of regional integration and coordination between the different positions of both regions in relation to the international agenda within the framework of international organisations and conferences .
European imports from Latin American and Caribbean countries during that same period have increased from approximately EUR 27 billion to EUR 58 billion .
Furthermore , and above all , the Europe of the Fifteen shares deep historical , political and cultural roots with Latin America and the Caribbean , which help in the development of a genuine identity and a genuine strategic partnership .
Equally , account will be taken of the entry into force of the Rome Statute on the International Criminal Court which , as the honourable Members are aware , has been ratified by many Latin American and Caribbean countries .
We all know that the difficult internal situation being experienced by certain South American countries is hindering the complex negotiations for a partnership agreement between the European Union and Mercosur which I referred to earlier .
Mr President , by including this item on the agenda within a very difficult international context and coinciding with the visit of President Fox and a large delegation of Mexican parliamentarians , we have wanted to stress this Parliament 's interest in relations with the countries of Latin America on the eve of the Summit .
Amongst all this praise , Commissioner , please allow me to make a small critical point : you will understand that we consider the reduction of EUR 30 million which the Commission has proposed in its preliminary draft budget for 2003 not to be the best calling card to present to the Summit at the moment .
In Madrid we must , therefore , strengthen interinstitutional political dialogue in order to ensure a climate of trust and achieve suitable relations .
With regard to the resolution , we ask - and I will end here , Mr President - that we stick to the compromise agreed by the groups and that we do not vote for an amendment which could seriously complicate the situation of the hostages in Colombia , by introducing the idea that we have to close the door to all types of dialogue .
We must consider the breakdown of negotiations in Colombia , which have failed , and we , who are committed to promoting dialogue and negotiation , should insist on this policy of dialogue and negotiation in order to restore common sense .
There is good news about Mexico - today we are going to have the honour of receiving President Fox - about Chile and about other things .
Just when we thought that , by means of our fora for dialogue - whether at sub-regional or at other levels - such as the Rio Group , the San José dialogue , the Andean dialogue , Mercosur , etc. , we were beginning to find a way to improve the region , it turns out that we are now facing a very serious situation .
The European Union 's desire is to value the idiosyncrasies and independence of all those countries while at the same time strengthening all those purely European values which are still alive in those societies and which we are obliged to maintain through our policies .
These must be the messages and I believe that the Latin American countries are hearing them .
Clearly too , the United States has adopted attitudes which are at variance with a number of common principles we felt had been accepted in the context of the Transatlantic Agenda .
It shows that regardless of some frustration on our side because of our aim of maintaining a more intense relationship with the United States , the fact is that due to the intensity and closeness of the transatlantic relationship the United States is currently one of the Union 's very special partners .
I should like to mention the main ones as I feel they encapsulate the current state of our relationship with the United States .
Terrorism is the main case in point .
Cooperation between the United States and Europe in areas such as Macedonia , Bosnia-Herzegovina , Serbia and Montenegro was cited .
These , Mr President , are the main conclusions to be drawn from this meeting .
As already mentioned , this followed the approval of the mandate by the Justice and Home Affairs Council on 25 April and was welcomed by the United States .
Both sides undertook to make a greater effort to come up with more consistent lists in anticipation of future amendments .
I should now like to move on to comment on the various issues of mutual interest in the field of regional cooperation dealt with at the Summit .
President Bush admitted these accusations were unfair .
The Union reiterated its willingness to take charge of operation Amber Fox in the Republic of Macedonia .
It was reported in yesterday 's news that such an agreement has been achieved .
Revisiting such issues often only results in overshadowing the significance of the strong economic links between the European Union and the United States .
Each party presented a clear statement of its position .
The latter increases aid to American growers .
In conclusion , the transatlantic relationship is important and we are indeed concerned about it .
We all , or nearly all , bemoan the American unilateral attitude .
This issue still poses a challenge for Europe , however .
I think it has been useful to review our position on the important issue of transatlantic relations .
I think that this is an exaggeration of the truth .
Nevertheless , there really is consensus between the Council and the Commission on a strategy for our future relationship with the United States .
Agreement has been reached because the Council shares the concerns expressed by Parliament