work you have submitted to us .
Nonetheless , as Mrs André-Léonard has already stated in her well-balanced report , our dialogue should not deal solely with economic matters .
From now on all sections of the population are to be covered by a single municipal and district administration , so as to put a stop to all the conflicts and blockades .
But this is particularly the case in a country destroyed by war , where the war may have ended but peace has not yet been achieved .
I just have one question regarding Amendment No 11 to Article 5( 1 )( new ) : does this also refer to informing the European Parliament before the second tranche of financial assistance is released ?
However , I have to say , Mr Verheugen , that well-intentioned statements from the Council are part of the tradition of this House .
Madam President , this is certainly the first time that the European Union has been in this situation , and I hope it will be the last .
So although we must get to the roots of the present problem , it clearly makes no sense to indulge in a surfeit of retrospection and soul-searching .
At the same time , I am well aware that , before the elections , parliamentary assent is still governed by the Maastricht rules , but it is the spirit of Amsterdam that will determine the political implications of our assent .
On the one hand , it is surely the case that the European public needs to see the right signals from us before the elections .
Had the Commission been prepared to give us access to all the relevant information when the scandal first broke , we should not have needed the Committee of Wise Men , and we are every bit as capable as the Wise Men of producing the second report if we obtain the necessary information from the Commission .
Only that sort of Commission will be a worthy and fitting partner for Parliament .
One of the short-term requirements is the nomination of a new President of the Commission by the Member States , in Berlin if at all possible , and the Commissioners who were explicitly criticised in the Wise Men 's report must not be part of a future Commission .
These really are three committed Musketeers , who care about the interests of the people in North Korea and about this issue .
The few good points to be found in the KEDO programme , namely the desire to arrive at an alternative form of energy and to make a contribution to North Korea in terms of promoting reconciliation or improving people 's living standards , are swamped by a whole series of points which Mr Tindemans presents in detail in his explanatory statement .
That is something we very often experience in the Committee on External Economic Relations .
This is really the political point of the Secchi report .
As rapporteur , I have tried to be very moderate and have only tabled those amendments that obtained a majority at the first reading and that , in my view , could also bring about a compromise in other parts of the House .
Even if we got a green paper , it would take two or three , or even four or five years for the legislation to come along .
If we include liability for primary agricultural products in the directive on liability , then in my view we really will have to complete the chain .
They would ensure that farmers who use genetically modified products can have recourse to the producers of the genetically modified seeds .
It was a hidden defect and the people who have been injured have to prove this themselves .
The negotiations were tough .
But we must also radically rethink the export promotion programmes , not just with a view to creating European added value but also against the backdrop of the question of whether this should be an object of common European action in the first place .
Lest there be any misunderstanding , I do not mean that we should say that we want to increase the costs and employ more staff ; instead , I am saying that freezing money would mean losing jobs rather than creating additional ones .
We also do so because we know these proposals are based on talks with experts .
What remains the same is the objective .
I call on Sue Waddington , who has once again done an excellent and detailed job , to support the PPE Group 's amendments .
We need modern models that also use the instruments of contract awarding .
Basically I was very much in favour , but there were two points I could not accept .
The fact that Europol could not begin its work , however , has undoubtedly given organised crime in Europe a further advantage .
In the area of data processing Europol has only very limited rights of intervention , but there are now almost universal demands that Europol 's rights be extended .
No one would dream of saying that the telephone is something bad just because criminals also use it .
The Committee on Civil Liberties and Internal Affairs has therefore tried , by means of amendments , to make the non-binding phrases in the text binding so that there is some point to all of this .
The European Court of Justice and in future also the European Parliament should have a very crucial monitoring function here .
Mr President , what we are really doing today is holding a security debate in two blocks .
So schools in Europe should be declared drug-free zones on a voluntary basis .
Our priority objective for integration is for refugees to be able to lead an independent life in the host country and be actively involved in society