this statement today to make sure that we do have democratic accountability .
It appears that he has no wish to discuss this issue with Parliament .
It is of great importance .
Mr President , I just wanted to clarify , for Mr Goebbels ' benefit , that I am not raising an issue about individual Members pointing out problems in relation to just their machine or whatever .
I am concerned about the possibility of a general failure of numerous machines and rules which would then call the decisions of the House into question .
Let me also assure Mr Goebbels that I do not object to matters being decided by a majority of one .
The British Labour Government was defeated by a majority of one in 1979 and I never objected to that .
( The Minutes were approved )
Food safety Mr President , I beg to move the adoption of the report in my name on the White Paper on food safety .
It gives me great pleasure to do so .
I should also like to refer to the 19 amendments we have before us on this report .
I accept 16 of them .
The three that I do not accept are Amendments Nos 14 , 16 and 17 , and I prefer 15 to 5 and 10 to 6 .
As Feuerbach said : "der Mensch ist , was er isst" , man is what he eats .
We are what we eat - and sadly that is true in my case .
I am clearly what I eat .
More seriously , as a result of eating badly some people suffer long-term illness and indeed some people die of food poisoning their bodies .
Over recent decades we have seen many scandals : olive oil , contaminated wine , mineral water , beef , dioxins and sludge .
We have learned the new vocabulary of e-coli , salmonella and listeria and so on .
We have had scare and scandal leading to fear , panic and public enquiry .
Our constituents around Europe look to us to reassure them that the food they eat is safe and the water they drink is drinkable .
They have lost faith in the current machinery and mechanisms to control and remove risk from "farm to table " , in the phrase that is so often used .
The truth is that you cannot eliminate risk .
That is not within our grasp.
Risk will always occur from animal feed and crop sprays of agriculture to the processing of food , transport , refrigeration , storage and retailing .
And then the risk goes on to our own home , our kitchens , our larders and to our cooking skills and habits in those kitchens .
If we cannot eliminate risk , we can at least take action to identify it and manage it .
New action is needed .
We must put into place a framework of legislation , guidance and good practice on food , feed , pesticides , dioxins , labelling , additives , novel foods and so on .
Alongside that framework we need a new body to restore public confidence and the respect of Member States .
My report proposes the establishment of a European Food Safety Agency which should be authoritative , independent , objective , accountable , transparent and intelligible .
Its focus must be on safety and its method must be science .
Its task is risk assessment and then giving advice on that risk management .
The Commission 's task is risk management and control .
Parliament 's task will be the scrutiny and monitoring of both .
We have a rapid alert system .
That needs to be improved but it can only be swiftly accountable to Parliament if it continues to be run by the Commission .
Nevertheless it should be physically and operationally close to the EFSA .
Its remit should be extended to cover feedstuffs as well as foodstuffs .
The director of the ESFA is key .
His appointment must be by the Commission , but after a hearing by the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Policy , probably involving other committees such as the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development .
There needs to be an annual report and presentation to Parliament and risk reports coming to the Commission , Parliament and the Council .
The board needs to reflect the range of relevant experience in production , processing , retailing , consumption , law and so on .
Scientists need to give a report on assessment to the board who then makes sure that it is in terms the consumers understand , add any recommendations on risk management and submit it to the Commission and to us .
We need close working with national food safety authorities and with international bodies .
We need to see the work of the current five scientific committees and the Steering Committee subsumed within this .
It will be within a small headquarters , professionally run , accessible to the Commission and Parliament , although the site is not for now .
I thank my colleagues of all parties and all Member States .
I thank them for the constructive dialogue we have had .
I thank the Commission and its staff .
I thank the Council and the French Presidency for their messages of support .
I thank Parliament 's secretariat .
We have here a proposal which can work to improve the safety of our foods , to restore the confidence of the public in our respective nations .
I hope that Parliament will endorse it .
( Applause )
Mr President , quite often a parliamentary colleague is given a report and you envy him or her .
By the time the report is presented you envy them no more .
That is not the case with Mr Bowis .
