end .
It will soon be impossible for our countries ' electorates to change many decisions that can at present be overturned by voters in elections .
If democracy is to be cut back , the decision to do so should at least be taken democratically by the voters themselves in referendums .
Why not , moreover , prepare two different proposals , namely a democratic federal constitution and a draft treaty for a Europe of the democracies .
- ( DA ) Mr President , the Committee on Women 's Rights and Equal Opportunities had a lot of reservations from the beginning about the work of the Convention , simply for the reason that only 17 % of the Convention 's members were women .
Whether or not the deputies were counted alongside the members proper , the same result was produced .
There was only one woman , who might almost be regarded as a female hostage .
There was absolutely no mention of equality , 'mainstreaming ' or anything at all along those lines .
Equality was made one of the fundamental values , and I should like to take the opportunity also to thank all those who have contributed to the Convention 's success .
That is something of which I should like to ask everyone - the Commission , the Council and the representatives of the European Parliament - to be aware .
Mr President , I think that all those of us who are well disposed towards the Convention should go out and pull no punches in making the fact public .
It is a success , and it has come to stay .
There is , in actual fact , talk of a democratic step forward , and that is something we should emphasise .
It is not perfect , but it is a democratic advance in relation to all the previous Intergovernmental Conferences .
There are some who thought that the people should have been more fully involved .
That is of course , in a way , what they have elected ourselves , as MEPs , to do .
I shall mention a couple of these conditions .
Secondly , we have now brought about a situation which the basis of values on which we operate in Europe has been defined in detail .
The fact that we have arranged for the practical political objectives of our cooperation to be specified is also of great value to people .
It is quite simply splendid .
The third good thing is that the national parliaments are now being given greater responsibility than they had previously , and the fourth is , of course , that those of us in Parliament are now obliged , in very practical terms , to follow up matters in all our work , irrespective of the subject .
I can quote , as an example , Mr Cashman 's report , which we shall be debating later .
We found no solution to the problem of our two homes .
That , moreover , is an issue that I should very much like to call upon the Italian Presidency to address .
Remember what happened the day after he had got the Palestinian leaders to enter into a unilateral ceasefire .
Nor , of course , is an occupying power entitled to kill in the street those who are engaged in resistance .
When I was last in Palestine with the delegation , there were three deaths in just the few days that I was there .
A little boy died when an olive stone went down his throat the wrong way .
There was a curfew , so no doctor went out to him , and he therefore died .
He said that he had a bad heart , but the soldiers refused to allow him to pass the checkpoint , and they looked on as he died there of a heart attack .
Until we begin to condemn such things just as roundly , there will be no peace in the Middle East .
Mr President , on behalf of the Group of the European People 's Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats , I wish also to thank Mrs Read for a brilliant report which we are able fully to support .
Modern society is completely dependent upon our having efficient procedures , well-educated populations , proper security and people who are able to understand how to use the services on offer .
There are no doubt public sector services within , for example , the spheres of tax and of company registration where it is not perhaps sensible to demand payment , in so far as people themselves answer the questions by using the Internet and keying in their own data .
In Denmark , we have benefited a lot precisely out of getting people to , for example , key in their own tax data using the Internet or push-button telephones .
It does not cost a penny , and it saves the public sector enormous resources in terms of staff .
It would also be worthwhile monitoring how we deal with the wireless sector .
In particular , what price are we to pay ?
In Japan , it is eight megabits and , insofar as I have understood correctly , at a very much lower price than we pay .
This aspect of the monitoring is also , therefore , extremely important .
If we look at use of the Internet and computers today , the development of hardware and high-speed networks may be reasons for their fairly widespread use .
It is therefore worthwhile tracing the development whereby , for example , elderly people can very easily make use of these opportunities .
I come from a small language area and am therefore able to state that getting computers used depends to a certain extent upon how rapidly our children in the small language areas learn to speak English