On the other hand , I think an initiative which can instead be easily misunderstood as a negative sign by the millions of Muslims living in Europe is dangerous .
It is right that regional and local authorities should participate .
Therefore , Commissioner , the dialogue you have encouraged between the Commission , the Member States ' authorities and the social partners within the sector ought to be greatly welcomed .
That is the precise gist of the amendments which were approved unanimously by the Committee on External Economic Relations and which I have tabled , in agreement with Mr Ribeiro , with the intention of getting them incorporated into the text of the resolution which accompanies his excellent report - on which I wish to congratulate you , Mr Ribeiro .
I would like to stress particularly that these proposals aim to increase the competitiveness of the textile industry .
What are the solutions ?
I would add that that applies not just within the European Union , but also in our relations with third parties .
The textile and clothing sector in Europe represents a very important source of jobs for women .
To avoid this happening , it is imperative for us to provide these unskilled female workers with the means to retrain and obtain the qualifications needed for the new production processes .
So the Commission should produce a new plan to make good these deficiencies and place the emphasis on training , innovation , technological development and anti-dumping measures .
Mr Anastassopoulos ' report underlines the essential principles of an electoral system for the European elections .
We in the Group of the European People 's Party believe we should promote transnational lists because we think we ought to develop that precept , which is included in the Maastricht Treaty , where it talks about European political parties .
So we do not think it is possible to be both a national MP and a Member of the European Parliament .
I do not think such an arithmetical method will resolve the question of the citizens being close to their representatives .
I must also say that in some countries there are worrying political consequences because not all regions are equal and not all territories have political power .
One of those should be full respect for proportionality .
But they have nothing to fear .
Let us not forget that the United States is ahead of us here too , since the extent of the piracy which Europe suffers is still 43 % .
But why is it blocked ?
That is shown by the fact that they do not work properly .
LEADER II is not in a state of stalemate in Spain , as can be seen from the fact that in 1997 the utilization rate reached 36 % , and that it has increased in 1998 .
Anyway , my colleague who spoke before me has already given the relevant explanations .
As regards employment , we hope that the Vienna European Council in December will verify the effectiveness of the national plans , and that they can be coordinated in order to fulfill the hopes raised in Luxembourg .
Furthermore , we have to address the difficult subject of simultaneously funding enlargement and the internal solidarity of the Member States .
We also hope it plays an active role in ensuring that the self-determination referendum takes place in Western Sahara , under the auspices of the United Nations , not just because it is important to allow the Saharan people to express their will , after 20 years of war , but also because it guarantees European security from the southern shore of the Mediterranean .
As Mr Brok said , there is an obvious need for institutional reform , and I think something which particularly interests me comes under this heading : subsidiarity .
What role does it intend to give the European Parliament in that summit , given that Parliament participates in the internal summits of EU Heads of State and Government as everybody knows ?
But I can assure you , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , that on Friday , 17 July the finance ministers must be convinced , because they will be the ones in charge , and we will meet face to face on 17 July .
In that way , we could produce a real budget of political priorities , not just book-keeping .
That is essential for the smooth running of the democratic system and to allow people to participate more directly in the decision making process which affects them , and thereby feel they are taking part in the great adventure of building a Europe of peace and wellbeing .
The Vice-President of Parliament and rapporteur of this report will forgive me if I call to mind a famous compatriot of his by the name of Plato , and state that I am a great friend of Mr Anastassopoulos but an even greater friend of Truth .
So I have voted in favour of the text .
We expressed our dissatisfaction at the way the composition of that committee has been hijacked by representatives of the Member States ' central banks and high ranking officials answering to the finance ministers .
This is the moment to congratulate ourselves on the European Monetary Institute 's contribution to achieving the objective of Economic and Monetary Union .
From our point of view , it is certainly important to take advantage of the current growth phase to reduce budgetary deficits , in contrast to what was done in the second half of the 1980s , which was the last upward phase , although the similarity to that phase is not exact , since today there is much more price stability and much more homogeneity than at that time , when the average growth rate of prices was twice what it is now , and there were enormous differences between