parts of the world which have rather different interests from ours and with whom we have to reach agreements .
I believe that there may be a common interest in incorporating a parliamentary delegation into the debates , and we will have to see how we could articulate it according to what happens in other types of negotiations .
I wish to point out that we greatly appreciate his government ' s desire to update our relations on issues as important as codecision and Council ' s presence in Parliament .
With regard to external policy , Sweden maintained its internationalist approach .
It must be said , first of all , that we fully respect people ' s right to demonstrate ; this is a citizen' s fundamental right .
What is crystal clear is that these are people who are acting violently and with scorn for the institutions and for freedom .
I am referring , of course , to the violence displayed by the demonstrators and to relations with the United States .
To this effect , it is not enough for there to be greater and closer police coordination , or for the Commission to set a course for our integration project .
What is crucial is that we reach agreement on a common vision of the Europe that we want .
I should like to begin by saying that I disagree with Mr Provan' s assessment of a possible rejection of this directive .
The workers are invited to the table but they cannot join in .
Of course , when agreement is reached within the Council , any proposal by Parliament which goes against this comes to be seen as a threat to an agreement that has been reached , sometimes in extremis and which may hang in the balance .
We do not look favourably on the Council position of rejecting any possible agreement with the positions of this Parliament .
I should simply like to make one comment , which is that the Commission report to which some of you have referred is a simple report for calculating how much time would be needed to fully replace a national currency with the European currency according to the quantities currently being made available through automatic cash machines .
I should also like to recall , in response to some of the speeches I have heard today , that the period for the dual display of prices should in principle be limited to the first six months of next year and then dual pricing should disappear .
I am convinced that the institutions , the Member States , and the Central Banks will prove up to the task and I wish to thank Parliament once again for the cooperation it has given us in all aspects of preparing for the process of replacing national currencies with the euro .
Given this context , public administrations ' accounts will balance out in 2001 , the labour market situation will improve and the unemployment rate will fall for the second consecutive year , reaching 10.3 % in 2001 .
To summarise very briefly , the economic situation is not particularly favourable , but since this assessment still falls within the levels forecast in the stability programme and in its 2001 update , we do not feel that the problems are as serious as some speakers are suggesting .
For the moment , therefore , we continue to be relatively optimistic about developments in this field .
Firstly , I would point out to him that the Commission is not responsible for the introduction of notes and coins .
Clearly , if the Central Bank is working on the possibility of pre-supply , the first step has been taken for this type of financial body to be able to move ahead with the process following the change of currency .
There is a specific problem of how to change these Marks which are circulating into euro notes and coins .
For that reason , the official interpretation and application is that the situation of the countries which have a currency board , if they are linked to European currencies , is compatible with the exchange rate mechanism , although these decisions are clearly adopted unilaterally by the countries involved .
There must clearly not be any favourable treatment for this type of situation .
The truth is that the leaders of my Autonomous Community are such peculiar liberals that they propose that hospitals and schools should be private , while the public sector is busy building merry-go-rounds and amusement parks .
Thank you very much , Mr Karas , for your intelligent work , which has a very clear objective : to ensure that this proposal for a directive will see the light as soon as possible .
The proposal for a directive does not say a word about it , because that is not its purpose .
This directive for the promotion of renewable energy is a bet on our future and an investment in the environment .
I believe that on all issues relating to energy , we must be aware that we must improve sources or otherwise we will make planet Earth uninhabitable within a few years .
The Commission is pleased to be able to say that we can support all the transactional modifications proposed by Mrs Rothe .
However , I must stress that the Commission believes that we must reach a compromise , a pragmatic solution in order to prevent a conciliation procedure and a delay .
This is an extraordinary political burden and , in this respect - I am sorry , Mr Caudron - I cannot agree with your assessment .
Furthermore , we have all been witnesses to the frequent bad use of the Internet .
Firstly , with regard to the future of the Union and its challenges , you have insisted that unity creates strength and that there must be cooperation with Parliament .
