work .
Mr President , I have heard that the Commission and the Council Presidency will be here today and tomorrow .
The President cut the speaker off
The resignation of the Commission was a demonstration of the political and personal sensitivity of all its members .
Some opponents of the European idea may have wanted to use this institutional crisis to strike at the very heart of what has brought us all here today .
The President-in-Office has taken a positive step by declaring that the name of the new Commission President will be put forward by April .
I do not think this is enough .
We have the opportunity to restore the confidence that is needed in the institutions of the European Union .
There have without doubt been injustices on an individual level , since many of those who have been forced to resign should not have done so .
From now on , the European Parliament must fulfil the expectations of the people of Europe as regards the ways in which it should tackle these issues .
However , the basic lesson we must take away from all this is that we must be responsible towards those who are going to vote for us in the very near future .
Mr President , once again the Council of Ministers is addressing itself to the European Parliament rather late in the day .
The problem that has to be solved is an enormous , complex and extremely difficult one .
The swarms of refugees and dispossessed persons , be they Kurds from Iraq or , for all kinds of reasons , outcasts from neighbouring countries , are being caught in the nets of those who trade in illegal immigrants and falling into lawlessness and poverty .
The Committee on Civil Liberties and Internal Affairs is unanimously agreed , and the Committee on Foreign Affairs , Security and Defence Policy has delivered a unanimous opinion .
The fact that a central , governing role is being entrusted to Turkey , which has just such a past , with its violation of human rights , the state of its penal institutions and , in general terms , its inability to function in a proper judicial way , is simply a joke in very bad taste .
The fact that the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights has unanimously approved this text is proof of its more general acceptance , for which the rapporteur deserves our congratulations .
On the eve of the new enlargement of the European Union , the procedures to successfully incorporate derived law into the national laws of the applicant countries are of almost self-evident importance .
The progress made in incorporating Community law into national law has been quite spectacular , and the implementation by the Commission of Articles 169 and 171 of the Treaty , with the imposition of penalties , has , as Mrs Sierra González has pointed out , compelled Member States to respect the decisions of the European Court far more than used to be the case .
Mr President , the United Nations is an institution that was established in the wake of the catastrophes of the Second World War and , with all its weaknesses and deficiencies , contributed to the extent its powers allowed to bipolarisation and the cold war period .
Does it now play any substantial role in ensuring international security and peace ?
When did the UN meet ?
Why does he say nothing ?
The UN is absent from Kosovo and from Kurdistan ; the UN is closing its eyes to the intervention in Yugoslavia and to the total indifference to the rights of the Kurds .
Mr President , the United Nations has been , remains and , we all hope , will continue to be the only framework within which disputes are peacefully resolved and peace maintained .
There have been powers , in particular the United States and those close to it , and NATO itself , which have undermined its authority , bypassed it , disowned it and taken initiatives that run counter to what the United Nations should have said .
If this were to happen , the UN would become , in institutional terms , the puppet of the United States , of a bloc of questionable interests which would manipulate the Security Council for its own benefit and to the disadvantage of the people .
Personally , I am one of those who believe that policy cannot be made without money , but such a view has now sunk to the status of heresy in the European Union .
Thirdly , the committee calls on the Commission to show some degree of flexibility when extending the programmes being carried out under the Structural Funds , where this is justified , which will allow the Delors 2 package to be implemented effectively and in full .
Mr President , I think that Parliament 's position in relation to the Leonardo II programme must be based on two principles : firstly , the need for prompt , timely and fully prepared implementation of the programme , which means that the procedure must be completed and the programme must start now ; -secondly , that in the light of the problems which arose with the Leonardo I programme , this preparation must be comprehensive , proper , and carried out with a view to and on the basis of the priorities which have already been discussed. I am not ignoring the very important issue of the technical assistance offices .
But I believe that we must not allow this issue to become part of the more general and very important issue which we debated yesterday and which we shall be voting on this afternoon .
I believe that the emphasis must remain where it should be , and that the European Parliament must move forward today and finalise its own contribution .
