I would like to draw Mr Howitt 's attention to point 13 of the Barcelona European Council conclusions , which does not specifically mention the lifting of development assistance conditions .
Naturally , I would prefer it if this type of link did not exist , and this idea was defended by some countries , and naturally by the Commission , but the reality of a custom and practice that has been in force for many years now won through , and an agreement was not reached on the separation of development assistance from commercial interests .
If these instruments prove to be insufficient for the purposes of protecting workers ' rights , the Council is willing to study any proposal put forward by the Commission with the aim of improving the aforementioned instruments .
The announcement of the closure - and it seems that today the company has put this right - was purely in business interests and would naturally mean that jobs would have to be relocated , which shows genuine contempt for workers ' rights , and furthermore the fictitious transfer of the trademark in order to keep producing these biscuits in a location other than the one it has been historically linked to .
Given that you are insisting on some kind of statement by the President-in-Office of the Council , I would tell you that this statement cannot be taken out of context .
I would firstly like to pay homage to Mr Lamassoure , who is not only a highly intelligent rapporteur , but also a rapporteur from the Committee on Constitutional Affairs , but who , although he has not said so himself , has seen every single article from his original proposal amended .
We are in favour of a flexible interpretation and of the idea that , at any moment , through the mechanisms he has upheld , from Article No 308 and other Articles from the Treaty , Article No 99 specifically , we can accommodate the needs of the Union and the aspirations of its citizens .
It seems to me that this is a solid , principled position : control by the Commission , with a Constitutional Council , and I believe that we should defend this position .
We know that , under the new decentralisation process for the French Republic , many things will change - even in the Basque region .
This will certainly take place , because the citizens demand more Europe .
For example , if there is a clear distinction between the competences which fall to European institutions and those which fall to Member States , we can dispense with this word which , in any case , no-one understands - subsidiarity .
That is unsustainable .
I think that people 's awareness regarding the environment has increased a great deal , as have the political measures taken by Heads of State and Government on the issue .
I think that if in Johannesburg we manage to fulfil all the previous commitments , if we manage to ensure that at least a percentage of international transactions are used for those poor countries , and if we manage to change the values that are currently damaging us , we will have achieved a great deal .
Madam President , people are getting somewhat tired of summits , because their practical results are so poor .
However , trends show that those living in the wealthiest countries wish to maintain their standard of living , while the other 80 % of the world population needs to attain a dignified standard of living .
Eradicating hunger and guaranteeing food security are essential conditions for development , but this development is hindered by malnutrition .
Mr President , could the same correction be made to the Spanish version , as it is different from the original ?
But it must be said that the Lamassoure report has taken a step in the right direction .
The fundamental texts of the European Union cannot continue to ignore the existence and functions of the regions with legislative powers as a result of , in cases such as Catalonia , an irrefutable sense of collective identity , because those regions are responsible for managing a large proportion of Community policies and because Europe cannot be built behind the backs of the people that are part of it .
This coordination must take place through increasing multilateral institutional political dialogue and through greater cooperation to improve the criteria for ensuring that development aid , whether bilateral or multilateral , is supplementary and complementary .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , although we recognise the need to move forward in consolidating the partnership between the European Union and the United Nations , we must keep in mind a series of general principles that should guide our policy towards the UN and point out the inadequacies that we currently see in establishing it .
With this report we are also expressing the urgent need to establish the legal personality of the European Union so that it can cooperate effectively with the United Nations and its various agencies .
The international community must ask the Government of India to guarantee the safety of its people with the same amount of effort that it is making with other challenges of development in which it is achieving significant success .
Mr President , I shall take up where the Commissioner left off ; in any EU country , if a minister writes , on the very day that a decision is taken , a letter such as the one the Vice-President of the Commission sent to the Commissioner , without going to the Council , there would be a governmental crisis , and the Prime Minister or President would have to dismiss one or both or these .
We feel that this report does not discuss economic and social cohesion