For this reason , our two reports fully support the need to secure this financial assistance for Georgia and Armenia .
Yet this would have meant - I am on the point of concluding , Madam President - that we would not have managed to approve these agreements on the two countries .
Moreover , these countries must not divert the funds which we allocate to them for purposes that are incompatible with the rationale behind the EU aid , particularly for increasing military spending .
The future of humanity hangs in the balance , and time is running out .
A political agreement in Copenhagen is crucial , but it needs to be global .
The cost that such a tax would have for society in general ( increasing the tax burden , with consequences for all taxpayers and consumers ) and its impact on the financial market ( decreasing the necessary liquidity and flow of credit to businesses and households ) cannot be ignored .
I believe that the Copenhagen agreement to reduce global carbon emissions should be binding .
China and India cannot be exempted of all responsibility when they produce a large percentage of global emissions while our industries are going to great lengths to reduce their emissions .
In order to guarantee investment in new technologies in less developed regions , regulations relating to electronic communications should be streamlined with other policies such as State aid policy , cohesion policy or the objectives of a broader industrial policy .
Despite the opposition of many national governments , Parliament has ensured that all users can benefit from the rights and guarantees enshrined in the European Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms (ECHR ) .
I welcome the compromise reached between Parliament and the Council on introducing into the framework directive adequate protection for users in cases of restriction of access to services and applications through electronic communication networks .
However , it does not go far enough , as it allows exceptions to the procedural safeguards in urgent cases , although these must be substantiated and in accordance with the European Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms .
I welcome the agreement reached on the joint text approved by the Conciliation Committee for a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council concerning statistics on pesticides which will allow for the creation of a legal framework and the establishment of harmonised rules for the collection and dissemination of statistics on the sale and use of pesticides , with a view to the sustainable use of the latter .
As the third pillar , this is an extremely pertinent matter for the security of the European area , so I agree that this issue should be assessed under the Treaty of Lisbon , given its future bearing on cooperation policy .
Without forgetting the importance of the European Police Office ( Europol ) and notwithstanding the general support which it should have , as the third pillar , this is an extremely pertinent matter for the security of the European area .
In view of this , I am voting in favour of this report requesting the Council withdraw its proposal .
However , the principal question being debated here today is whether Parliament , less than a week before the Treaty of Lisbon enters into force , should renounce its new institutional prerogatives relating to crime prevention and police cooperation and thus do away with the possibility of playing a part in the decision-making process for all these issues under the codecision procedure .
I therefore believe any decision on this sensitive matter is premature as long as the treaty is not yet in force , as it deals with the security of the European area .
However , the principal question being debated here today is whether Parliament , less than a week before the Treaty of Lisbon enters into force , should renounce its new institutional prerogatives relating to crime prevention and police cooperation and thus do away with the possibility of playing a part in the decision-making process for all these issues under the codecision procedure .
The development of different aspects of crime prevention is extremely important at EU level , as is supporting the prevention of , and fight against , instances of national and local crime .
In view of this , I am voting in favour of this report , and request that the Kingdom of Sweden and the Kingdom of Spain withdraw their initiative .
These same reasons are also behind our abstention on the remaining reports .
In this way , the EU must be an area of solidarity , combining this assistance to Georgia with the aforementioned appropriate aspects .
This assistance is an important tool for financial stability in Serbia , and for consolidating the stabilisation of the situation throughout the Balkan region .
In this way , the EU must act as an area of solidarity , combining this assistance to Bosnia with the aforementioned appropriate aspects .
Moreover , as a rule , the people who resort to this type of energy are the most deprived , meaning that the VAT directive discriminates against this group rather than those with higher incomes .
Nevertheless , this solution raises a number of questions about its future applicability , particularly given that the development of the technology required is still in its early stages , it is expected to be expensive , and there are potential risks associated with it .
It is true that getting Parliament to agree to approve a specific budget for some of the actions relating to energy efficiency , energy security and the fight against climate change proved extremely difficult , and I am very happy that this has been achieved .
It is perfectly natural that when we look at different commissioners