for the countries with which they were concluded in the first place .
The rapporteur rightly mentioned the agreement with Morocco several times .
This agreement is causing tremendous concern to the people most directly affected and those who might benefit to some extent and has certainly prompted great disquiet in the Fisheries Committee .
I want to ask the Commissioner very straightforwardly and point-blank whether the Commission , and Parliament , and the European Union are being held to ransom by Morocco because of its unwillingness to agree .
Perhaps he could give an answer when he comments on the debate later on .
We cannot overlook the concern about fisheries agreements .
They are expensive and the amount of money involved is substantial .
The money has to be taken into account to a greater extent in the future , and we cannot pretend otherwise .
Yes , in the past the agreements have been acceptable , but we need a new approach and a new vision in the future .
In the longer term the Commission will have to cooperate with Parliament , because Parliament is concerned to determine how agreements can best be achieved .
Looking at what we have before us , I have to say to you , Commissioner , that the present situation cannot continue .
Yes , I support the proposal submitted and I will support the proposal that emerges , but I wish to stress that the principle cannot continue for ever and support in the future cannot be taken for granted as it has been in the past .
Mr President , on Monday , in my absence and without any prior notification , Mr Murphy , the leader of the British Socialist Group , raised a question about my involvement in supporting the Danish anti-euro campaign .
He was very careful not to accuse me of anything but has none the less contrived to give the impression that I am somehow under suspicion .
I should like to put on record that my involvement with the Danish referendum has been entirely separate from my work in this House and that I have never infringed any parliamentary rules .
Unlike the Danish "yes " campaign , the "no " campaign cannot rely on taxpayers ' money or subsidies from the European Union .
It is outrageous that Mr Murphy should have sought to give the impression that I am under investigation when he has failed to produce evidence or even make any allegations against me .
It cannot be right for Members to be subjected to this kind of baseless innuendo .
I would ask you to insist that Mr Murphy either accuse me outright or apologise .
Mr President , I do not want to detain the House too long but I think that Mr Hannan protests too much !
I made a very simple request to the President on Monday .
The President agreed to my request and referred the matter to the Quaestors .
But while Mr Hannan is here in the Chamber this morning , perhaps he could give us a guarantee that he will be making a new entry in his declaration of financial interests to say where the money has come from .
The Danish people have a right to know in advance of the referendum on 28 September where the "no " campaign funds have come from .
Mr President , I would like to begin by thanking Mrs Klamt , who was the original rapporteur designated by the committee which I have the honour to chair to look at this issue .
Mrs Klamt did a very considerable amount of work on the proposal for a Council directive on the right to family reunification .
She deserves the credit for the work that has been done .
I wish to congratulate her on that .
I have inherited this particular cornucopia as chairman of the committee because Mrs Klamt felt at the end of the votes at committee stage that she could no longer support the text as it stood and therefore I am presenting it to the House today .
I would like to commend the European Commission on what is an extremely well argued and well presented report , drawn up in record time considering the relative lack of resources of the departments concerned and the demands laid down at the European Council in Tampere last year .
The Commission has come forward with an excellent draft directive which will permit third-country nationals legally resident in a Member State of the Union to reside in another Member State as is required if a true area of freedom , security and justice is to be established .
The Commission has said , quite rightly in my view , that the goal of zero immigration mentioned in past Community discussion was never realistic and sought instead to put forward realistic proposals for the protection of the rights of third-country nationals in accordance with the many international treaties that have been signed by Member States , such as the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the international covenants of 1966 on civil and political rights and on economic and social rights .
Very clearly , the importance of legal immigration is recognised .
The importance of the family as a unit is also recognised and the importance of making a success of the integration of third-country nationals residing lawfully in EU Member States is the whole basis of these proposals .
We have in my committee considered a number of contentious areas , not least the question of the right to bring in ascending relatives .
The Commission proposal quite clearly recognises the difference of legal treatment between descending and ascending relatives .
It is evident that , in the context of the international legal framework , mention must be made of the UN Convention on the Rights of the Child