Council , they are leaving all the doors open ?
It was forgiveness that made the treaties of the 1950s .
I therefore suggest that you travel to Paris .
The financing of the EU cannot be decided by a confrontation .
It is an appalling signal to give in these troubled times .
Basically , the request that we are going to examine to change the agenda is slightly paradoxical , because the entire strategy carried out by the rapporteurs and the Commission was aimed at having a joint debate on those two texts : the policy of the Central Bank and the information and communication strategy regarding the euro .
You are going to receive a precise update on the situation concerning them and I should like you , on behalf of Parliament , to contact the competent authorities in order to request their release on medical grounds .
In 2004 the EC B’s monetary policy operated in an environment of gradual economic recovery in the euro area .
Finally , 2004 saw significant revisions of past deficits and debt figures in a few countries , undermining the effectiveness of EU fiscal surveillance .
I also welcome the fact that the motion for a resolution compliments us for the work we undertook to prepare for the enlargement of the European Union , which marked another milestone towards an ever closer Union .
The European Central Bank and its President have confidence in Europe’s ability to overcome the current difficulties , and I fully shared the feeling of confidence and determination immediately expressed in the statement signed by your President , Josep Borrell Fontelles , and Jean-Claude Juncker and José Manuel Barroso .
From the beginning , however , this Parliament has , as you know , requested transparency , or in any event information , concerning the nature of the debates taking place within the Council of Governors , and I believe that that request is a legitimate one .
I note in passing that those on whom this report is going to impose the burden of additional working time have been more effective than you in fighting against the overvaluation of the euro by voting no , in France and in the Netherlands , to the policy that you support .
Price stability is not only what we are called upon to effect by the Treaty and by the messages we receive in Parliament and through out fellow citizens , but it is also absolutely necessary for confidence in Europe : for consumer confidence and confidence in general .
It is a sentiment that we share entirely with the Commission , and I am keen to say so here .
That did not exist before the European Central Bank was created .
I am not going to mention all of it here , but all of the signals are turning to red .
So , there should be no problem , except for the fact that a recent development , scarcely more than 20 years old , has complicated matters .
However , some of our most prestigious industrial companies have not understood what we are doing .
Turning now to the final problem , the TRIPS Treaty , ADPIC in French , can be interpreted in two ways .
Why revise this part of established law ?
According to the report , the euro and its accompanying Stability and Growth Pact have been a complete success .
While Europe is experiencing an unprecedented crisis , Parliament has assumed its responsibilities by adopting , in June , the Böge report on the budgetary means of the enlarged Union 2007-2013 .
Solidarity with the new Member States , but under certain conditions .
In this difficult period , it is important that the European Parliament should remain committed to the Community’s seriousness of purpose and ambition .     – Mr President , Commissioner , like my fellow Members , I want , first of all , in my own name and on behalf of my colleagues in the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe , to congratulate and thank the rapporteurs who have done an excellent job .
It is one thing to have a franc , euro , dollar or schilling .
In the majority of the outermost regions , fishing is a very recent business and fish stocks are still abundant .
This work is worth full reconsideration , evaluation and quantification in the interests of full economic equality between men and women .     – Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I should like first of all to congratulate our rapporteur , Mrs Niebler , on the comprehensive and balanced text she has prepared .
The agreements concerned are disproportionate in relation to their aims .
I shall not give any figures .
We want to rebuild Iraq , but with the Iraqis , for the Iraqis and for them alone .     – Mr President , Commissioner , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , the report that has been submitted to us on the European Union’s engagement in Iraq states , as early as its first paragraph , and I quote , that we ‘need to move on from past events and to look towards the future’ .
Neither Europe nor the United Nations has the authority to provide back-up troops for occupiers in difficulties .
The events of recent years have shown us the extent to which the existence of failing states can be a source of instability and can create safe havens for terrorists and criminals .
From this point of view , and particularly for Africa , I believe that special efforts need to be focused on promoting equality between men and women .
I hope that we will also see significant progress in March in the Democratic Republic of Congo .
The third axis is , obviously , trade