The industry , and others , have also made their influence felt here in Parliament , and the result we shall adopt tomorrow will not be quite as good as it might have been .
We are having a very great deal of emphasis placed upon the precautionary and substitution principles .
With what is also the Commission ' s point of departure , we are now acquiring a stricter system - with , importantly in my view , some clear deadlines - for regulating , phasing out and authorising chemicals .
Finally , I should also like to highlight the issue of animal experiments .
That is something I am very pleased to be able to support , including in the vote tomorrow .
I understood it was to have been early next year , but it would be splendid if we could have a fairly clear date made known in this House today .
Mr President , I want first to express my thanks for the exciting , inspiring and business-like work in the Committee on Industry , External Trade , Research and Energy .
I also want to thank Commissioner Busquin for the way in which he began the discussion with new ideas about the European Research Area .
I am very pleased about the opportunities under the framework programme also to involve countries which do not directly receive aid from the European Union , for example , even Iran and Taiwan can participate , to cite two extremes , if the countries themselves pay and if we find that they add value to the programmes .
It provides the opportunity for new creativity and new understanding within research , something that will be very valuable , especially in the world of today .
We have facilities .
The international mood today is such that there is now a possibility of having these things destroyed .
Finally , I hope that the Commissioner , together with his Director-General , will take the lead when it comes to the simplification that is necessary if small and medium-sized companies , together with university departments , are happily able to participate in the programme without experiencing financial difficulties .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I would protest about the fact that the Council is not represented here today in order to provide us with the legal evaluation we requested .
It is unacceptable discrimination between the two institutions .
Unfortunately , that is not what the big two political groups wanted .
I have , however , received an answer from the Commission regarding the regulation ' s compliance with the WTO rules .
There , I disagree .
That is incorrect .
In that way , the regulation will have a negative effect on third countries , for example Japan .
The Commission also says that the proposed regulation cannot be regarded as biased action by the EU against South Korea , something that would be contrary to the WTO regulations .
The regulation states quite specifically that European shipyards can only receive State aid if they are in direct competition with Korean shipyards .
A more biased course of action cannot be imagined .
I urge that what was adopted in Parliament ' s committee be rejected , just as I should ideally like to see the Commission withdraw its proposal and instead concentrate on taking WTO proceedings against the Koreans .
Will the Commission confirm that it will on no account comply with Parliament ' s requests today ?
I very much hope that the Commission will answer these questions .
Madam President , I should like to make it clear to my fellow MEPs that , if Amendment No 9 , tabled by the Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party , is adopted , the issue will be sent back to the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs .
I received an answer from the Council yesterday , stating that it did not want to express an opinion on the proposal ' s legal validity as long as the proposal was being debated in the Council .
I simply believe it would be wrong for us to proceed to a vote here in Parliament before such a legal evaluation has been made available to us .
I find the Council ' s answer totally unacceptable .
I should also like you to make money available for a course through which the committee can learn to work together .
They really must get their bloody act together before long .
The recommendation is an absurd rhetorical demonstration of the parliamentary majority ' s disconnection from reality , and in a double sense .
Secondly , adoption of the recommendation would be out of step with actual social conditions which indicate that Parliament ' s dream of a European federal state will prove to be a nightmare .
There are not one , but fifteen , different juridico-political cultures and systems in the EU.
EU criminal law and an EU police service would , at best , severely damage the Member States ' legal traditions and , at worst , consolidate a centralised system without democratic control and , moreover , do so without solving the problems faced by the Member States .
Figueiredo report ( A5-0372/2001 )
We are voting against the report in spite of the sound initiatives it contains concerning partnership between the EU and the Latin American countries on , for example , conflict prevention , development cooperation and combating poverty and the drugs trade .
We believe that cooperation in the aforesaid areas can be fully engaged in through intergovernmental cooperation .
Mr President , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , Mr Prodi , the EU' s Heads of State and Government have decided to hold a Convention on 14 and 15 December with a view to designing a constitution