This is , of course , based on international conventions and is a bilateral issue between the two Member States .
At the meeting on 7 September this year , the Council received news from the Commission that a draft proposal for a review of Regulation (EC ) No 1/2005 on the protection of animals during transport will be tabled as soon as possible .
Certain aspects of animal transport are not covered by the provisions , namely the maximum number of journeys and spatial requirements for animals .
The group of amendments to the EU 's budget for 2010 which make up ' Block 3' contains interventions and support measures that I oppose as a matter of principle .
However , since the voting procedure forces me to take a view of the group of amendments as a whole , I have chosen to abstain from voting on Block 3 .
Amendment 905 is based on an attitude to migrants that I cannot accept on principle .
Amendment 909 contains resources for monitoring European citizens .
It also includes EU support for milk and fruit in schools , which in itself is important , but we believe this matter should instead be dealt with at national level .
We want to cut back on agricultural and regional aid dramatically and reduce the total budget .
We did this two days after the massacre in Conakry , when more than 150 people were shot dead by government troops controlled by Moussa Camara .
I hope that this is the first step towards the European Union reviewing its trade policy with developing countries .
Over the years , we have tried to improve the fisheries agreement by saying that some of the money from the agreement should go to supporting local fisheries .
I would firstly like to say that I am very pleased that this issue is being debated here today .
Many people perhaps thought that fisheries and human rights are completely separate issues and that we should not mix the two together .
I am pleased to say , firstly , that there is now a much higher level of agreement for us taking a clear line with regard to Guinea and , secondly , that there is broad support for the Council actually having withdrawn this agreement now .
Madam President , as you just said , the summit between the EU and Russia will take place in Stockholm on 18 November .
In general , clearly we want to use the summit to develop the strategic partnership between the EU and Russia .
That means respect for human rights , democracy and the rule of law .
Russia should promise tangible and comparable reductions in its emissions of greenhouse gases , corresponding to the two-degree target that the G8 agreed on in L'Aquila .
We hope that a stronger early warning mechanism will be established and approved at the summit .
The summit will also give us the chance to assess the progress made in our work relating to the four common spaces .
We will reiterate our support for Russia 's accession to the WTO , and this is important for Russia 's integration in the world economy .
In the meantime , we need to work on the remaining trade and economic problems , for example , the Siberian overflight fees , measures at the border that hamper the importation of commercial vehicles into Russia , the discriminatory road taxes , plans to limit the import of containers by road , export duties on timber and the protectionist measures Russia has recently taken .
The Swedish Presidency shares your concern and we will ensure that human rights issues will have a prominent place in discussions at the summit .
It is particularly worrying that human rights defenders and journalists have been killed , not only in the North Caucasus , but also in Russia as a whole .
Obviously , we will not deviate from our fundamental principles .
The summit will also give us the opportunity to assess progress made at the Geneva talks , and in this regard , we expect Russia to continue its committed approach .
However , we will also point out to Russia the importance of involving the Minsk Group in all stages of the process .
With regard to Euro-Atlantic Security , we will urge Russia to take an active part in the Corfu Process prior to a forward-looking decision being taken in Athens .
I think it is extremely likely that issues such as Iran , Afghanistan/Pakistan , the South Caucasus and , of course , the Middle East will be raised .
I think that most of us agree that Russia is a strategic partner for the EU and that our relations with this country are important .
We do , of course , have many unresolved issues and perhaps none of us believes that we will resolve all of the issues at the summit in Stockholm .
Then there is the financial and economic crisis and our common commitments in this regard , as well as our relations with regard to energy , accession to the WTO and various issues relating to foreign and security policy .
I hope that the summit will also help to strengthen our strategic partnership and open the way for constructive cooperation between us .
That would be a positive thing .
Like so many of you have said , we need to speak with one voice when we talk to Russia .
It accounts for 60-70 % of the EU 's economy and employment and it is growing .
The first thing I would like to say is about the screening of legislation and how it has contributed to the implementation .
The final report to the Commission on this should be ready on 28 December .
It is based on the idea of us having a more modern system