Spain maintained its unity , it kept the Basque country and Andalucia and Catalonia and it did well to do so , because no one identified Spain with Franco and no one played around with Spain ' s unity in the name of a Fascist dictator .
The first period was a period of institutional change , change in the legislative framework and huge constitutional victories in all the Member States as a result of the fight by the women ' s movement , as a result of major decisions by progressive parties and as the result of action by enlightened men and women .
We are now in a third period : in this third period , the composition of the bodies which wield political and economic power needs to be changed .
And a woman was elected .
But the figures tell the true story .
What we need , therefore , is to promote specific policies .
And , of course , these policies need a budget , they need to be given financial teeth .
I think that creating and supporting statistics is a very important political issue and that the facility to set targets , compare performances and bolster our efforts is an important political tool .
The programme which I shall present for the fifth women ' s programme includes a similar initiative for systematic monitoring .
There are companies at European level which employ thousands of workers , sometimes hundreds of thousands of workers throughout the world and yet fewer than 2 % of the directors and managers are women .
A decision has already been taken on quotas of 40 % for each sex on all teams and on all research and technological development programmes .
No one ever asks in a federal state if all the members of the federation should have their say .
There should be no reservation , no reservation whatsoever about a legislative commitment on the representation of women at the centres of power .
I am optimistic that we shall succeed .
( Applause )
In an article entitled " If women ruled the world " , he maintains that if women were more involved in politics , the world would certainly not be so wedded to violence .
These female virtues can offer an alternative to today ' s culture of violence and institute a new political culture and a fairer and more prosperous society for everyone .
We have entered a new period in which there is a fairly full institutional framework and in which women are well represented in all sectors , education , work , culture .
The first is a policy of persuasion .
How do we respond therefore to the fact that women are excluded ?
Because they have fewer opportunities .
The second comment is that we need to persuade the political leaders .
Not necessary !
There is not one party , from the far left to the far right , which does not stress the need for women to take part .
With the rate at which the representation of women is developing at international level , it will take 2,300 years to achieve a balance between men and women .
If only a legislative decree were all it took to change centuries of history .
Even the positive contribution of the international financial institutions and high-level experts , who gave the benefit of their concerns and ideas , failed miserably to muster any support .
Waste management facilities are to be built in ports and I believe this directive will definitely help considerably in limiting marine pollution .
The other side to the coin is that ports in Member States in the Mediterranean area , such as my own country , Greece , will face particularly stiff competition from ports in neighbouring non-EU countries as , of course , nothing will prevent masters of ships sailing through the Mediterranean from docking at Turkish or North-African ports so as to avoid paying the objectively high fees which are to apply in Community ports , irrespective of use of facilities .
The third danger is that it may become a general Charter containing a loose set of average values , a mechanism for subverting the advanced human rights which have been acquired in various countries .
Commissioner , I should like to pick up on a point which you made in your speech .
In other words , wherever we maintain unanimity , Parliament will not have the legitimate , democratic , important role which it will have in all cases requiring a qualified majority , cases which , as far as Parliament is concerned , and because of the democratic way in which it functions , should be the general rule .
However , since you mention the problem of the pollution of the Danube , I should like to ask a supplementary question : you are obviously well aware of the recent accusations by the Romanian Minister for the Environment , Mrs Lilian Mara , who maintains , and many of us share this view , that the ecological damage caused to the Danube by the NATO bombings is far worse than the damage caused by the recent leak of cyanogen .
As we all know , the bombings destroyed bridges , oil refineries and chemical factories , which damaged the ecology of all the areas along the Danube .
Commissioner , thank you for your answer .
I just wonder because , although you set a specific date for units 1 and 2 , saying that they would be closed down before the end of 2002 - which in my view is quite a long way off because , as you know , we are afraid of an accident in any one of the four reactors , which would be disastrous both for Bulgaria and the Bulgarian people , as well as for neighbouring Greece and Europe too , since