fear , though , that we have not really moved any closer to each other , although I value the rapporteur’s work .     .
That is fair on everyone and cost-saving for national health systems .
In Belgium , for example , it was Dr Janssens who made Sporanox , his antifungal , available to the developing countries , but now that Janssens Farmaceutica has been taken over , it will be interesting to see whether the new owners will adopt the same line .
Pharmaceutical companies must be given reasonable compensation for the research they carry out into paediatric medicines .
It would be unseemly to rake in enormous profits on the back of sick children .
That innovation does not come about by handing out extras to the pharmaceutical companies .
I am therefore right behind a number of recent proposals and declarations that have been made in the wake of the events in London .
Our open society is entitled to defend itself against its enemies .
It is an ancient phenomenon that is used to disrupt a society and foment unrest and instability .
Europol and Eurojust must finally be allowed to play a full role in combating crime and terrorism .
I welcome the coherent vision set out by Mr Frattini , with a proper balance between security and liberty , stressing the need for European cooperation for more effectiveness .
I should like to raise three specific issues .
I appreciate Mr Clarke’s pragmatic approach and sense of purpose when he says that we should manage to achieve a few things in the six months of his presidency of the Council with responsibility for these things .
It is time for a realism that is different from that which has determined our policy so far .
Our foreign policy is an essential piece in the internal security puzzle .     Mr President , the balance between individual freedom and the security of society as a whole forms an essential element of our democratic fabric .
If , however , you want to tackle the small individuals who cannot appreciate those values , we should have the courage to define the boundaries more clearly .
At present , doing so is a nigh impossible task .
Can we also expect clearer policy to be adopted , and will you , with regard to terrorist organisations , such as Hezbollah , take a clear stand at long last ?
Both are necessary and both are equally valuable .
We need a joint insight into the networks that recruit young men and women in our inner cities and in our prisons .
Do not touch Europe or the values it represents , the values that allow us all to live together in peace .     .
We will end up with either the Intifada or else persistent armed chaos in the Palestinian regions and the threatening prospect of a new Lebanese civil war – a sad outcome , indeed , of Israel’s unilateral withdrawal from Gaza .
Tourism is , after all , a very important sector for the European public and also for our European economy .
Finally , let me say that this excellent report by Mr  Queiró illustrates why our committee is not called ‘Committee on Transport and Tourism ’ for nothing .     .
Two months ago , the Dutch Parliament decided to have a gender effect report drawn up for the new care system that is due to be introduced on 1 January .
It appears that the rights of , and care for , adults are more important than those for people who have just started out in life .
Mr President , Mr Bowis has indeed written an excellent report that deserves our all-out support .
It is important that they too should make health care a priority .
This means that immediate practical steps need to be taken and financial and other help provided .
There are often disaster scenarios that link the spread of some tropical diseases and their mutations to global warming .
Moreover , as we have seen in the cases of tuberculosis and malaria , renewed outbreaks of the diseases can be traced back to the lack of sufficient investment in research and development .
Health is not enforceable but is a result of improving care that is supported locally by the people .
It is a far cry from the protection of man and the environment that we Socialists hold dear .
Under no circumstances should EU Member States be allowed to sell arms to China .
Any attempt to lift the arms embargo would be reprehensible .
Those who offered resistance were brutally beaten up .
Over 40 years ago , the desire for greatness caused Syria to join with Egypt and Yemen in leading the attempt to create a United Arab Republic .
How will the Commission do this ?
We in this House should , however , also realise that compliance with internal rules in the area of language diversity is an expression of respect for each human being and contributes to our institution’s democratic functioning .
It was a very special chapter in Poland’s history and I am delighted that we are commemorating it today in this Parliament , in Strasbourg .
Although Solidarity lives on in Poland and in the hearts of the Polish people , as is evident once again today , it also deserves to be remembered as a shining , European example .     Mr President , the Socialists of the 19th and early 20th centuries saw it as the ideal that human society should be based on the equality of all people and on their mutual solidarity ; that people should not be made subordinate to the state or their employer , and that we should be free to make our own choices and organise society from the bottom up .
