.
The question posed by Mr Papastamkos is , of course , completely unconnected with the first question we discussed regarding cars , but it is still very important and timely , considering the debate held and the decision taken at the G8 meetings yesterday and today .
I believe that agreements will be reached , both on the long-term objective , where there is general consensus , and on the mid-term objectives , given that these agreements are essential in order to achieve the desired outcome in 2009 in Copenhagen .
This regulation crucially undermines the accused 's right to a fair trial .
The various injustices in its application set out in this report confirm its reactionary nature .
The EU , which bears a significant share of responsibility for the creation of hundreds of thousands of refugees through its support for unpopular regimes and by stirring up internal strife , wars and imperialist interventions , instead of providing for asylum victims and respecting their rights , has in recent years continually hardened its position towards them .
It is therefore clear that we need to fight hard to repeal this regulation and the EU 's anti-refugee policy in general .
Piracy and the illegal distribution of music and films on the Internet are an indisputable reality .
Mr President , although this report has no legislative content , it is especially important for the interpretation and development of European law .
Moreover , the EU ought to have an immediate effect wherever procedures allow it to .
Congratulations are also due to my fellow Member for expressing Parliament 's view in her report , even though on certain points we suggested amendments to improve it and to show , through Parliament 's report , that we recognise what has happened on the basis of the roadmap for equality , and on the basis of the pact for gender equality .
We also want the subsidiarity and free-choice principles to be maintained .
We believe that the communication we are awaiting from the Commission will cover us at this point with a good proposal .
In my view , the revision procedure ought to begin immediately .
I should also like to point out that today the overwhelming majority of partners agree that ENISA is the most able and qualified body to develop a new , dynamic European policy for the security of networks and information .
It is essential for appropriate resources to be made available so that the body can operate more effectively .
At the same time , the European Commission 's proposal to establish a European authority for the purchase of electronic communications has been treated with circumspection by the Council and the European Parliament .
Now , this is precisely the role ENISA can and must play , once it is operating under an upgraded and improved mandate with clearly defined duties and aims and , of course , once it has the requisite means and human resources available to it .
This decision was taken because the final draft resolution , which was put to the vote , was worded in such a way that the sense of equilibrium present in the previous draft resolutions was removed .
The joint resolution upholds EU policy , which is exploiting the crisis in the Caucasus .
The resolution is provocative because it does not condemn the brutal attack by the Euro-NATO government of Georgia and the murder of thousands of civilians .
The aggravation of the conflict and rivalry by the imperialists and Russia 's attempt to enhance its position in the imperialist pyramid create new dangers for the peoples of the Caucasus and the wider area .
The position taken by the majority in the European Parliament directly opposes that held by the same political forces six months ago on the Kosovo issue .
The Commission 's provocative position is a natural consequence of the EU 's anti-popular policy , which promotes a return to mediaeval employment conditions for the working class in order to safeguard the profitability of the European monopolies .
We cannot vote in favour of the Report on Equality between women and men - 2008 , because it is trying to persuade women that settling for flexible labour relations and the reduction and commercialisation of whatever social benefits remain for the working-class family is a necessary evil , so that women will adapt to the EU policy of reconciliation of family obligations and professional engagements .
Such a policy favours the workers and abolition of the EU strategy .
However , I must at the same time express my disappointment and that of our group that the report was significantly altered during the voting on amendments in the relevant committee .
For this reason , I attach great importance to the provision made in the report for a mechanism allowing judicial review during the enforcement of sanctions , and also the rapporteur 's idea of creating a network of experts who will make proposals to the Council regarding the most appropriate restrictive measures .
The Council and the Commission must ultimately review the procedure for inclusion on the EU terrorism blacklist , so that the fundamental rights of blacklisted individuals or organisations are respected and the EU 's credibility as a champion of human rights around the world is protected .
Such an approach enhances the effectiveness of sanctions and gives our policy credibility .
It supports the spread of democracy in the world , but has chosen to impose EU sanctions against the Palestinian Government , which came into being through demonstrably free and democratic elections .
The Commission has many ways of ensuring that consumers and European citizens are protected against a possible food crisis .
Where necessary , and especially when food or feed might seriously threaten public health and that risk cannot be dealt with effectively at Member State level , the Commission takes the necessary measures at EU level