.
Cod contains only 0.3 % fat and boasts 18 % protein , and when dried the protein dramatically increases to 80 % .
There is no waste in cod .
The range of culinary delights a cod provides is extensive - and there are books written about this .
This report outlines the technical measures which can be used to preserve juvenile cod .
It deals primarily with mesh sizes and nets .
The rapporteur does mention compensation , but I say this with some caution : compensation is a slippery slope .
It can provide short-term solutions for a longer-term problem .
Sustainable fisheries , where fishermen and their families can survive alongside conservation measures , are mutually beneficial .
That will allow cod stocks time to replenish in order to ensure sustainable fisheries again .
Let us make sure that in this millennium people can enjoy cod from the Irish Sea just as much as they did in the last millennium .
Madam President , I congratulate Mr Nicholson on his excellent report .
He pointed out that in order to be effective such measures require the support of fishermen and scientists who live and work in an area .
This may well prove to be a vital trail-blazer for the strategy of devolved management of fisheries which all of us have been discussing in the context of the reform of the CFP.
It has become increasingly evident that fishermen and scientists working in a specific fishery will more readily adhere to rules and regulations that they themselves have conceived , rather than Brussels hand-me-downs .
The major fisheries organisations in the UK - the Scottish Fishermen 's Federation and the National Federation of Fishermen 's Organisations - which , between them represent the interests of 1900 vessels , both support the concept of zonal management .
Fishermen are also deeply concerned that such rules and regulations may be interpreted and applied differently by fishing vessels from different Member States .
That is why again , zonal fisheries management which involves all fishermen working in a common fishery will ensure that the rules are applied fairly and squarely across the board .
This report is timely , as cod stocks are not only diminishing rapidly in the Irish Sea but are in spiral decline around all the waters of the United Kingdom .
Some years ago when the House of Commons in London drew up an agreement which effectively ended the cod war between the UK and Iceland , it was famously referred to as " the piece of cod which passeth all understanding" .
Hopefully this report will mark the beginning of the recovery of cod stocks in the Irish Sea and will pave the way to the future .
Madam President , I listened with great interest to the Commissioner .
Maybe he could tell me when he is going to visit either the port of Kilkeel , Ardglass or Portavogie .
Could he respond to that ?
He said he is going to visit the fishermen .
I would love to be there with him .
I would love to accompany him and speak to the fishermen alongside him .
Can he tell me when he is going to visit those ports ?
Madam President , I do not want to prolong this but I have a horrible suspicion that the Commissioner is not going to come to Northern Ireland but perhaps to another part of the island of " Ireland " that has nothing to do with Northern Ireland .
Northern Ireland is part of the United Kingdom .
If he wants to come to Northern Ireland to visit fishermen I would be happy to go with him .
But please do not give me the type of platonic responses you have just given .
I will not accept that .
If you want to defend that to the fishermen you can do so , but I will not be part of it .
Please do not in any way get involved in that type of situation .
Fishing is something on which we all cooperate , in both the north and south of the island .
Do not try to make it a political point of view .
Mr President , colleagues , it is always a pleasure to be debating with each other in such cosy circumstances late at night .
I certainly did not know when I took on the rapporteurship of something as obscure as local loop unbundling that it would be quite so controversial and so complicated as it has proved nor that our discussions would culminate in such nocturnal circumstances .
The local loop unbundling regulation is an important piece of legislation which completes unfinished business from the past but also represents an important step forward into the future .
It completes unfinished business in the past because it is enforcing competition in the final segment of the telecommunications world which until now had escaped earlier liberalising European measures .
At the same time , by ensuring that access to the local loop - the last mile of so-called copper wire - is now open to all new market entrants and is not the exclusive province of the so-called incumbent operators , the regulation will act as a significant boost for increased choice of non-voice services for consumers .
It should lower prices for consumers and act as a boost to the take-up of new fancy broadband services and so point Europe very firmly in a dynamic , forward-looking direction .
As such , it will help fulfil the promise made in Lisbon in March of this year when a number of ambitious targets were set , which , it is said , will help ensure that the gap that has opened between the European Union and the United States in the information economy is closed as soon as possible .
