Apparently this is now in contravention of an EU directive , although there is a legal doubt about this .
I hope the President will join with me in condemning this extremely heavy-handed reaction and write to my constituent offering the full support of the House in his fight against this nonsense .
If Members are wondering why the EU is so unpopular in the United Kingdom , it is because of incidents such as this .
Mr President , on the point that Mr Callanan raised a couple of moments ago , I suggest that instead of raising the matter with you he should raise it with the Queen of the United Kingdom as she seems to have an opinion on most European issues these days .
Mr President , you said that recorded votes cost 4 million from Parliament ' s budget .
Could you ask the Committee on Rules of Procedure to look at the following point : we all respect the principles of power with responsibility and subsidiarity so every time a group asks for a recorded vote could a certain sum be debited from the budget allocated to it by Parliament ?
Mr President , speaking on behalf of the Socialist Group on this Danish initiative for a framework directive on combating environmental crime , I must say that I support the principle of this initiative .
Environmental crime , whether it be the illegal trade in endangered species of flora and fauna or their products , or whether it be the illegal export and dumping of toxic waste in other countries , either inside or outside the European Union , is a growing and increasingly a cross-border problem .
Those engaged in these crimes in the search for profit hide within the interstices of European law .
This cannot be allowed to continue .
It is important that we have legislation in place to protect us against serious environmental crime before we see further enlargement of the European Union .
At the moment , we have nothing to combat these crimes but derisory financial penalties .
We must impose prison sentences as well as serious financial penalties and orders for restitution when people are found guilty of environmental crimes .
We must identify as culprits not the victims who drive the lorries full of toxic waste , or hawk the products which threaten species , but those who make the decisions and who supply the goods , the big men and women rather than the little men and women .
As usual , of course , the devil is in the detail .
The Danes want harmonisation in criminal law , increased European cooperation , a register of expertise and know-how and the use of Europol .
Some difficulties exist in resolving all of these to the satisfaction of the 15 Member States of the Union .
All can be resolved , but some will have to wait .
It is probably too early at this stage , for example , to widen Europol ' s remit without overloading the work of this important organisation .
This proposal suffers from the same problems we have too often in the European Union .
Without increased resources , Europol ' s capabilities are limited , but I congratulate Mr Di Lello Finuoli on his report .
Mr President , I came into the Chamber to vote against this report as a protest against the misleading and inaccurate comments made by Mrs McKenna in relation to the management of the nuclear reprocessing plant at Sellafield in the United Kingdom .
I see that Mrs McKenna felt so strongly about the matter herself that she did not bother to attend the vote .
I can only hope that the rest of the debate and the report are more accurate than Mrs McKenna .
Approval of the Minutes of the previous sitting Madam President , on a point of order .
In a letter I sent to you on 1 September , I referred to various allegations in the British Press about one Member of this House , Mr Hannan , and the fact that he is alleged to have raised over GBP 100 000 for the 'no ' campaign in the Danish referendum on the euro .
Could you launch an investigation into this matter to establish that Mr Hannan did not use Parliament premises or the staff to which he is entitled as a Member of this House to raise that money ?
Could you also ensure that Mr Hannan states the position in his declaration of financial interests in advance of the referendum in Denmark so that the citizens of that country can see where the money came from ?
Madam President , could I ask you to invite colleagues , when they make declarations of that type , to assure themselves that the Member concerned has been informed of such a declaration ?
It is very discourteous to make that sort of remark , openly in the Chamber , when the Member concerned is not present .
Madam President , I rise on a point of order on the issue of the recent industrial action at the French Channel ports , which caused major disruption yet again to EU citizens legitimately travelling between the United Kingdom and other Member States .
Is the House aware that the Strawberry Regulation permits expedited procedures for the owners of goods delayed by this type of action to receive compensation , but does not give the same rights of compensation to tourists and other travellers ?
Are you aware of the anger felt by citizens of this Union who seem to be regularly disrupted by these wildcat actions which are now taking place for the sixth summer running at the Channel ports ?
Would you , Madam President , undertake to raise with the President-in-office and the Commission what action can be taken forthwith to stop