But this improvement in coordination between the Member States needs to go hand in hand with skilful strategic and tactical choices .
There is little prospect that a Member of the European Parliament will command any more attention than did the French Head of State , who was certainly presumptuous during his latest trip to the Middle East , and was also unacceptably insulted .
I would , however , like to add a few personal comments .
A more fruitful approach would be to suspend application of the interim trade agreement between the European Union and Israel , and defer ratification of the Euro-Mediterranean agreement , signed between the European Union and Israel on 20 October 1995 , until the Israeli government has honoured the agreements concluded between Israel and the Palestinian authority .
There are 34 points in those agreements that are still not being applied .
Secondly , we regret - and I regret - the present delays and the words and deeds of the new Israeli Prime Minister , some of which may be seen as provocations which jeopardize the continuation of the peace process .
In actual fact , they are undermining it .
I must also ask whether it would not make sense to expand economic relations with Albania instead of cutting them back , as a way of giving further impetus to the process of reform in that country .
The fact is , Commissioner , and I must give you credit for it , you are proposing something more ambitious , something neater , a partial attempt to create a hierarchy of standards , because what you are saying is that what must be covered by the codecision procedure is the law , and the law can be defined by a number of criteria which you list in your document .
The Commission has proposed to us an overall analysis of the application of the codecision procedure to the legislative area , bringing a much more consistent approach to this analysis .
Suggesting the extension of this codecision procedure amounts to a tacit reference to a supranational institutional model , which assumes that the first step on the road to the democratization of the Union would be to extend the powers of the European Parliament .
You really should see that , in this matter , we are not proposing any additional extension or any modification of the respective powers of the Union and the Member States .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , Mrs d'Ancona 's report includes a number of good points .
This is essential , on both humanitarian and democratic grounds .
It is thus important to keep fresh in our minds the application of the principle of subsidiarity .
There is a loss of sovereignty .
Mr President , the Commission 's White Paper is an extension of the Green Paper whose priority objective was to adapt the energy market to the principles of free trade and competition by accelerating liberalization and deregulation without regard to the economic , social and regional consequences .
In the energy sector , as in those of transport and postal services , public companies are in the Commission 's sights because they form one of the most effective centres of resistance to the unrestrained free competition which is detrimental to the interests of employees and consumers .
In fact , even though it is not clearly stated , it is the only report I have seen in this Parliament which establishes a link between internationalist free trade , relocation and unemployment , which criticizes the fact that there is no effective access for European textiles to third country markets and which demands the greatest resolution in the fight against fraud and for the protection of a major sector in the European Union , still employing 2 million people .
I should like at this point to pay tribute to the work done by our colleague , Mr Moniz , and to congratulate him .
Research , still an indispensable tool in making progress , is intimately connected with the future of coal and steel .
Animals whose heart valves are used for transplants .
When that happens , my dear friends who ask for directives , what can one expect from this European institution ?
Mr President , the international community sets out principles and ends up seeing that they are not applied .
I should like to remind you that the development of non-industrial fishing in Senegal is due to the motorization of fishing boats , to the fact that they carry ice-making plant allowing them to go ever further into the open sea .
I do not share the optimism of my colleague , Mrs Malone .
El Salvador
Just as too much taxation kills taxes , as Jacques Chirac was once fond of saying , in an electoral period it is true , too much fishing kills fish and if we are forced to reduce net mesh sizes , we shall end up catching nothing but plankton .
Finally , I should like to know what our diplomatic position is in Burundi .
The more miles the trucks cover , the more dangerous the roads are .
All of us here know that .
The value of the euro will fluctuate , depending on the economic policy followed by the States of the Union , on various fundamental factors and , of course , on the monetary policy pursued by the European Central Bank .
After all , within the framework of an internationally applicable monetary law , we should recall that every State has the sovereign right to define the characteristics of its currency and to define and vary the rate at which the old currency is converted to the new .
Finally , the United States are involved in the same process , because they would rather exercise control over a single European contact