Without such efforts , women will not be able to enter the labour market .
It is an area in which we can merely point to best practice and , in reality , only issue exhortations about rather than enter directly into .
Mr President , Commissioner , I also wish first of all to extend a big thank-you to Mr Herman Schmid for the splendid work he has done on his report .
We know that it is at local level that large parts of employment policy are implemented .
That is why it is crucial to amass local experience .
I should like to say to the Commission how pleased I am at the way that local efforts have been incorporated in the context of the Social Fund .
The Commission has promised to keep us up to date on the utilisation of the appropriations at local and regional levels in the framework of Article 6 of the European Social Fund , for which EUR 40 million have been set aside for this year and next year .
It is important for Parliament to monitor developments within this high-priority area .
To these issues , I would add that of the Commission 's making more active efforts to obtain information from local and regional authorities .
No, the open coordination of employment policy should be aimed at giving elected representatives a better basis for decision-making and voters more knowledge of the options we have in the area of employment policy .
Mr President , Commissioner , I firstly want to thank Mrs Gillig for the considerable , and very skilled , work she has done on this report .
Parts of the report contain some basic attitudes with which I cannot agree .
For the developing countries in particular , free trade is the way out of poverty and social deprivation .
Social development and workers ' rights are most to the fore in countries with open economies , while the worst examples of basic workers ' rights being infringed are to be found in countries which seal themselves off from the world around them .
Basically , then , I think that free trade benefits social development but , that being said , we must of course ensure that the ILO Conventions are effectively complied with so that workers are guaranteed proper working conditions , for I agree with Mrs Gillig that free trade and economic growth are not enough .
Given the nature of the case , I shall reject the instrument of trade sanctions , but it is important for the EU to put the issue on the agenda at international forums .
We must therefore put the pressure on .
Finally , it is important for us to make an effort in the education field , incorporating information about workers ' rights into vocational training so that such rights can be implemented , both in our own part of the globe and in the poor countries of the world .
- ( DA ) We wish to begin by stating that in no way are we opposed to combating racism and xenophobia , that is to say to the very objective of the report .
We also have our doubts about the legal basis for this framework decision which , with its very specific instructions , has assumed the character of a supranational decision .
- ( DA ) I have two main reasons for voting against the proposal . 1 .
Actions to combat the callousness that finds expression in racism and xenophobia should not be translated into sanctions under criminal law such as the proposal is based upon .
Criminalisation is , at best , ineffective and , at worst , counterproductive .
A 'common EU criminal law approach ? , which the proposal is based upon , has no legal base in Title VI of the Treaty on European Union .
Add to this the fact that 'racism and xenophobia ? are not included in the types of crime that can be regulated pursuant to Article 31(e ) ( 'organised crime , terrorism and illicit drug trafficking ? ) .
That is what is stated in Articles 41 and 42 , brilliant as they are , of the Russian Constitution .
On the contrary , he has continuously reported on the way in which the Russian Pacific fleet dumps nuclear waste and redundant weapons in the Pacific and so gives rise to an environmental disaster in the making .
Everything took place behind closed doors , and seventy journalists were expelled from the courtroom .
Last month , his sentence was confirmed by the Military Collegium of the Russian Supreme Court in Moscow .
It is deeply tragic for Grigory Pasko , and it is deeply tragic in terms of the situation in Russia where democracy and human rights are concerned .
This Parliament must clearly express our repudiation of laws and sentences which restrict the freedom of the press , and we must , here in Parliament , call upon the Council to give expression to our serious concern in the forthcoming meetings between the EU and Russia .
As the Commissioner said earlier , these retrograde steps are in danger of having a harmful effect upon developments in the rest of the region .
They have typically been journalists in the process of investigating events which those in power did not want to be discovered .
Parliament should support the recommendations by the International Federation of Journalists , or IFJ , which rightly points out that there is a need for the international community to be much more vigilant in monitoring and protesting against the infringements of press freedom that take place .
It also applies when , in specific cases , governments restrict the freedom of the press , as happened , for example , in the case of the journalists Nikolai Markevich and Pavel Maozheiko who took the liberty