The Committee on Fisheries has also improved the way the proposal treated the sector and in that regard , Commissioner , I do not agree that the Commission should not accept the proposals , because the sector is given a genuine voice and representation in an area that affects it so much and in which it would be crazy not to have its support , and the responsibilities of the Agency have been increased in order to try to make the Commission take its responsibilities seriously in relation to non-declared and non-regulated illegal fishing once and for all .
It was a good idea .
The European Union must be involved in transforming the Mediterranean region into an area of peace and cooperation .
It must , of course , also encompass disarmament , aid for sustainable development , respect for the environment and forward-looking management of migratory flows .
This is all to take place in the context of a new neighbourhood policy , with five new Action Plans and even the launch of South-South cooperation .
It can lead to tangible results helping the citizens regain hope for their future whilst respecting them as what they are .
Of course , there must also be a South-North free trade area in which we are involved .
This is because young people make up a large proportion of the large populations of these countries .
We have a shared future .
It is true that we have to do everything so that this small , first step of the peace process can be consolidated , and it must be consolidated on both sides .
Only when the economy starts to flourish can there be a chance for real peace in the Middle East .
The Gaza disengagement will be very difficult .
I want to do the same , but of course in a transparent way .
For us , it is very important to show Lebanon that now , the first steps towards a democratic process must be consolidated by elections .
At the end of 2004 , EUR 1002 million was committed in the Mediterranean and the Middle East , including EUR 160 million for Iraq .
We are ready to designate experts that could work together with the United Nations .
For the Socialist Group in the European Parliament , the Union’s policy on human rights is the main added value of its foreign policy .
In particular , I should like to draw attention to Parliament’s hope that the Union will adopt a balanced , consistent and demanding stance at the United Nations Commission on Human Rights in Geneva .
The European Union must sponsor specific resolutions on matters such as the situation in Colombia , corporate responsibility in the area of human rights , and the right to self-determination for forgotten peoples such as those of Tibet and the Sahara .
It has just been voted on and we support it .
This all calls for renewed and greater effort , not only by the Member States , but also by the Union as a whole .
This must go beyond the increase that was agreed in Monterrey and the associated commitment to development financing .
Mr Zapatero has kept his promise .
This crusade must become one of the axes or one of the pillars of the foreign policy of the European Union and of its Member States , and this is already coming about .
Mrs Morgantini referred to a Copernican change in at least 59 counties that had quotas with the European Union .
China is the lead country in terms of ownership of US Treasury Bonds , a major financial power , a technological power and a Member of the Security Council .
Consequently , as far as trade is concerned , China is also bound to abide by the principles of respect for intellectual property , competitiveness and trade as laid down by the WTO .
Let me say again : it is extremely important to adopt measures to step up the fight against fakes and piracy , to enforce intellectual property rights , to establish an action plan in response to the existing trade barriers in third countries , to promote high-tech and ultra high-quality textiles and clothing , including via the EU 's research and development programmes , and to guarantee lifelong learning and vocational training and development .
We are prepared to assist these countries as they adopt these measures .
It is therefore entirely justifiable for the textile sector to receive special support from the Union’s institutions and also from the Member States and regional authorities .
There has also been a call for a flexible reserve fund to be set up within the Structural Funds to help implement the changes required within the sector .
In the field of research , we should promote a return to basics , to fundamentals , so that basic scientific research can be supported openly and provided with more funds .
Consequently , we agree that the Union 's scientific policy should be placed at the centre of the strategy for the coming years , and also that overall spending on Research and Development should be set at 3 % of the Union 's GDP , and , of course , I agree with what most of the previous speakers have said .
The Commissioner says that she agrees with the spirit of many of the amendments ; we would have liked the Commission to have presented a full package of measures to alleviate the problems faced by this sector and we believe that the method presented is not appropriate , since it has been rejected by the NGOs working in the area , which have received this proposal with great reservations .
Mr President , I shall simply propose an option on behalf of my group and I believe that the authors of the amendment agree with it .
Ladies and gentlemen , the resolution we are voting