strategy this broad will be sure of success if it draws on creativity and support from all sides , the Council , the Commission , the European Parliament and , of course , the social forces .
It is true that we are in the middle of a serious recession .
The Greek Presidency understands perfectly that it is more important than ever before to keep the Lisbon strategy on the front burner .
The Greek Presidency wants to broaden the economy by adding the social factor and sustainable development .
I should like to comment briefly on each of these points : Safeguarding macroeconomic stability and adhering to the Stability and Growth Pact are important means to our end .
With regard to taxation of savings , as I am sure you already know , the recent Economic and Financial Affairs Council reached an important agreement on automatic exchanges of information after fourteen years of discussion .
The presidency also believes we need to unify the financial markets if we are to improve the Union 's single market .
The Greek Presidency endorses the conclusions of the Winter report and agrees that company law needs to be updated , especially on corporate governance .
In the transport sector , our priorities are to extend the trans-European networks to the new Member States , adopt the second package of legislative proposals on the railways and road safety .
The Competitiveness Council will meet before the Spring Summit in March in order to do the groundwork on items relating to entrepreneurship and competitiveness .
Along the same lines , we hope to guarantee an information society for all , by using open standards , making networks and services interoperable and ensuring the eEurope programme has adequate funding .
As I am sure you know , the Council has yet to reach political agreement here .
The reform of the European Employment Strategy is a very important issue for the presidency .
However , we also need to step up our efforts to create more and better jobs , to reinforce and streamline active employment policies and to encourage entrepreneurship .
The presidency believes this will make policies more coherent and efficient and increase employment .
This is our chance to show the world the Union 's role in protecting the environment and adopt policies that combine development with environmental protection and quality of life .
I should like to point out , again on the subject of sustainable development , that priority will be given in the shipping sector to examining safety at sea , mainly in connection with preventing maritime pollution following the disaster involving the Prestige , where we shall be endeavouring to keep to the timetable for examining this legislative proposal .
The presidency is looking forward to fruitful dialogue with Parliament and we hope that , by working constructively with the European Parliament and the Commission , we shall help create a more productive , more competitive and more socially just Europe .
We started out with great expectations of the Lisbon process .
However , in education , research , lifelong learning and training , it does not appear to be delivering the goods . 3 % in research was an important target and the Commission deserves our praise for managing to push it through , but we come at it as if our hands were tied behind our back and we fail to make the necessary progress every year .
Education and training are not , unfortunately , at the top of the agenda , not even the Lisbon agenda .
If anything , they will make it worse .
Even the European Union and other international economic organisations admit that their liberal policies have been a total failure .
The reason for insisting on privatisation and liberalisation , even in sectors such as health and education , and for handing over insurance funds to big business is so that it can increase its profits even during a recession .
It makes it a symbol of the unity of Europe , at a time when this unity is being severely tested ; perhaps even a symbol of hope .
Then there is the whole issue of modernising the markets and not tying companies down in more red tape .
We also need to complete the legislation unifying the transport markets ; perhaps the Commission could tell us if it is optimistic about at least keeping to this deadline .
Where the money is going to come from now that the stock exchanges are falling is a question which needs to be addressed and I hope , Mr President , that the skills of the Greek Government , which has a very distinguished economic staff , will create the optimistic climate without which confidence will crumble and the economy - and hence the Lisbon process - will not progress .
The social repercussions of possible military intervention in Iraq and its impact on the European economy are giving great cause for concern .
Some Member States have completely failed to meet targets for employment and competitiveness , with the result that the word now is that we shall not achieve the target set by the Union in the Lisbon strategy .
However , what I want to focus on and highlight once again is this : I think , no I believe that the European Union is lagging behind in science and technology , especially biotechnology .
Scientific , technological and related research , education and training are therefore non-negotiable .
At worst , it has not made any headway .
Clearly , it is developing and progressing too slowly .
We should already be fully monitoring and developing the outcomes of Johannesburg .
The letter ditches the term full employment and talks of high levels of employment .
In one sense , these laws are restrictions which come within the context of sustainable development and so on