must not take on a masculine persona .
Finally , I welcome the Commission 's statement and the fact that this says for the first time that the EU is prepared unilaterally to introduce measures to make it easier for developing countries to gain access to our markets .
It is less concerned with the types of additives and how they work .
However , I should like once again to raise the issue of antibiotics .
A number of Member States are already able to show conclusively that improper practices in connection with the keeping of livestock are totally unnecessary .
I should like to say a few words about coccidiostats .
Coccidiostats now accompany the manure that is spread on the fields .
The Council 's common position is totally inadequate in a number of areas .
We therefore support the proposal to reduce the time allotted for implementing different parts of the directive .
Secondly , I should like the phasing out of noxious materials to be carried out consistently .
Thirdly , we should like a clear statement regarding the pricing policy .
Fourthly , we should like exemptions from the rules on water status to be kept to a minimum and clearly defined .
We will therefore vote for the Greens ' Amendments Nos 102 , 103 and 104 , which we consider to be improvements on the present position .
However , some people in our political group think otherwise .
Mr President , Commissioner , my compliments to Mrs Lienemann on her excellent work on the Water Directive .
It is also important for the different watercourses to be kept together and managed as the totality they in fact are , irrespective of who owns one section or another of a common watercourse .
The outcome of the discussions , as well as of the in-depth investigations which are being carried out in this area , are now being examined by the Commission .
The Commission is currently carefully reviewing the United States ' arguments .
It is important for me to have a chance to answer it .
We are still in the process of preparing a text , and the dialogue with the relevant parties will continue up until the last moment .
However , I do want to listen to all the points of view .
For example , I recently met representatives of the electronics industry who put forward suggestions - including practical ones - for improving our own proposal .
Within the framework of the action plan , each individual directorate general is to prepare its own programme of measures .
Our policy is to encourage the recruitment of women to administrative posts in order to create a reserve of suitable candidates for future promotion to managerial positions .
With respect to the general principle of incorporating a perspective of equality , as you know , this principle is included in the Treaty of Amsterdam .
I interpret it as saying that you agree that what is needed is an action plan to enable more women to take part in specific environmental fields .
This is a crucial goal .
( SV ) My understanding of mainstreaming is , of course , that this should characterise everything we do .
My impression of environment-related work , broadly speaking , is that in many instances it is dominated by women .
I hope that this will be of benefit .
The Boyne Estuary is designated a special protection area under the Wild Birds Directive .
That means that any development that takes place in or near the Boyne Estuary and that is likely to affect the special protection area must take account of the protection criteria for the area laid down in the Community ' s Habitats Directive .
An in-depth environmental impact assessment had been carried out .
However , since last summer the measure just mentioned has been in dispute .
In view of the fact that the Irish authorities have undertaken to make compensatory improvements and that other issues have already been resolved , the Commission will not , for the present , propose that financial support from the Structural Funds should be suspended .
( SV ) This is a very important question .
It is therefore important that there be a coordination strategy .
In that respect , Ireland falls short , like other Member States , but we hope that the pressure we are exerting will produce results .
I should just like to apologise for the error in my question to the Commission .
Nevertheless , I should like to ask two questions : Are you thinking of embarking upon continued discussions with the Swedish Government about extending the derogations , for example for as long as Denmark and Finland have derogations ?
A Europe-wide policy on alcohol is not just an issue concerning the internal market .
Mr President , Madam Commissioner , congratulations , Mrs Lienemann on an excellent piece of work .
And there are more and more of us in the world .
Mrs Schleicher intimated earlier today that clean water was an unrealistic goal .
It is especially unrealistic in regard to agriculture which is most dependent upon a clean natural environment and unpolluted resources .
( SV ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I want , of course , to begin by thanking the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Policy and , above all , the rapporteur , Mrs Lienemann for the ambitious and constructive work she has put into the present framework water directive .
I am pleased about the spirit of agreement which permeates the amendments that have been submitted to Parliament .
Many of the amendments which Parliament has submitted show that reconciliation will be necessary .
Rather than make these objectives legally binding , we must consider their political nature .
