Otherwise , the confusion between public authority and operator will continue to be an obstacle to the development of Europe ' s railway networks .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the Commission wishes to begin by thanking you for this interesting debate and thanking Parliament for the fact that you attach such great importance to the question of the interoperability of the conventional rail transport systems .
This was especially made clear in the 1996 white paper on the revitalisation of the Community ' s railways .
By this , I mean primarily measures which integrate the national networks and increase the quality of the public services .
These differences affect not only interoperability but also the internal market for railway equipment .
As you know , the Council too has examined the proposal and , thanks to contacts between Parliament ' s rapporteur , the Presidency of the Council and the Commission ' s officials , it is entirely possible that the proposal may be adopted as early as at first reading .
The area of applicability is established in Annex I and cannot be limited in the way proposed .
Nor does it fall in with the need to prioritise those measures which provide the greatest benefits in terms of cost .
The proposed wording is unacceptable because it means a fundamental change to the rolling stock referred to in the directive .
The principle which the Commission upheld before the Council and the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism and upon which the proposal is based is that the directive must embrace all rolling stock used on the trans-European railway network .
Amendment 39 , Article 18( 3 ) and Amendment 40 , Annex VII .
The proposal therefore mentions a number of special cases ( cf .
Otherwise , they involve acceptable supplementary provisions , for example certain cases exempted from the technical specifications .
I now move on to the second report , which concerns the interoperability of high-speed trains .
This has to do with the fact that the railway network in question is still at an early stage of development .
The Commission has examined all the proposals in the report on the interoperability of high-speed trains , and they constitute a welcome contribution to the Commission ' s ongoing deliberations in this area which continues , of course , to be given high priority .
Mr Goebbels also points this out .
Even if the economies of Great Britain , Denmark and Sweden are going well , it must be clearly pointed out , as it was by Commissioner Solbes Mira in the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs , that , if the spirit of the Treaty is to be complied with , no Member State can , in the long term , place itself outside so strategic an area of cooperation as the common currency .
Price competition has increased , and there has been greater transparency .
Last week , we learned that France ' s prime minister wants to see a Euro 11 - soon a Euro 12 - with more influence and power when it comes to economic and financial policy .
At present , the economy is on the way up in Europe , but the clouds are gathering - in the United States and in Europe .
The euro provides Europe with economic stability and competitiveness .
It is quite an achievement to meet the convergence requirements and , at the same time , as Greece is doing now , to achieve increases in growth and employment .
The Swedish economy is now one of Europe ' s strongest , with low inflation , high growth and a balance of payments surplus .
The remaining changes will be made when Sweden actually applies to join the euro , partly by applying to join the ERM .
Where Sweden' s entry is concerned , it is therefore my and , as I understand it , the Commission ' s judgement that to want full status in EMU by entering the ERM is to adopt a political position .
I look forward to that day .
For me , as a Swede , it was disappointing that Swedish Social Democracy had not been able to deliver a result then and there .
Now that our discussions are focusing upon Greece and we are carefully picking over the Greek economy , all EU countries ought to join Greece in also adopting the euro .
For me , the reason for this is clear .
There needs to be more rationalisation of the budget , more exposure to competition , more deregulation and a more rapid phasing-out of monopolies .
If the governments of Europe give priority to this work , we shall immediately find confidence in the euro increasing .
It is not the President of the ECB who can 'talk up ' the euro .
We want to thank Mrs Randzio-Plath for cooperating so well .
Whatever one may think about this , it is for the Member States themselves to define what is meant by services in the public interest .
All aid which is not used to finance services in the public interest is prohibited and is to be opposed .
In that case , competition is distorted , to the disadvantage both of consumers and of private companies .
Both these obligations are simple means of upholding the rules governing relations between private and public undertakings .
There are at least two questions which I think must be answered .
That is naturally not enough .
The Council responded by saying that it was not in favour of that kind of control .
Mr President , I want to address the President of free Zimbabwe , Robert Mugabe , personally , together with his government and socialist-oriented party , Zanu-PF.
Violence and murder can never be reconciled with the Christian view of human