administrative and accounting perceptions .
Apart from this , we also need to say that my honourable friend 's question touches on the foreign relations of the European Union and , as we all know , the dividing lines between classic foreign relations and classic foreign policy are not fixed either in the Treaty or when they are exercised .     – Madam President , Commissioner , thank you for your reply which , I admit , was comprehensive and covered many issues .
Do you at least have some sort of plan in this direction ?     – I thank the Commissioner for his reply , which was complete and very informative .
The vision finds a strong adversary everywhere .
It is precisely economic liberalisation which is the most basic cause of the exacerbation of economic inequalities , which promotes individual activity to the detriment of social collectiveness .
It is also obvious that the recent refusal by the French and Dutch people to accept the draft Constitutional Treaty conceals causes which are closely connected with some of the existing forms of social discrimination , such as unemployment , poverty and anxiety about the future of the welfare state .
We owe it to the children of the entire world .     – Mr President , the protection of minorities should be not only one of the basic political criteria of Copenhagen for candidate countries , but also a dynamic indicator of democratisation and the consolidation of democratic institutions .
Minorities in Europe can play a bridging role for the purpose of cooperation and consolidating security .
With this comment , I should like to congratulate Mr Moraes on the excellent report which he has presented to us and I believe that we should vote in favour of it tomorrow .     – Mr President , the report being debated is a complex text which realistically assesses the problems and which lays down the guidelines for a common European immigration policy , both for legal and illegal immigration , and proposes not only repressive but also preventive measures for preventing and repressing immigration , such as supporting countries so that poverty can be combated , education can be reinforced and future immigrants can be helped in their own country .
The report also stresses the need for the Member States to address the continuation in the host country of inhumane traditions which even result in crimes of honour against women .
I therefore congratulate the rapporteur , Mr Gaubert , and the Commissioner , Mr Frattini , for the humane note which they have introduced both in the report and in the intervention by the Commissioner ; I think that it is positive for Europe that policies are being shaped which will help to maintain and support the dignity and integrity of immigrants .     – Mr President , the issue of immigration , both legal and illegal , is a huge issue with many aspects .
There is an urgent need for all these decisions and directives to be codified .
It would be an oversight on my part if I failed to express my warm congratulations to Mr Gaubert on his report .
Of course , this cooperation must not reach the point referred to by short-lived Commissioner Buttiglione during his hearing because , God forbid that we should create reception centres – I would say camps – in the countries left by migrants .
These levels currently operate as single quantitative criteria for the national administrations of the Member States , when they are called on during the importation of products subject to excise to assess if products are or are not being held for commercial purposes .
Secondly , in order to harmonise national legislation and complete the internal market in all sectors , the present proposal for a directive will need to be considered as a transitional stage .
In particular , the proposed provisions for improving the definitions of problematic concepts , such as commercial purpose , for including the definition of gifts in products on which excise is paid in the Member State of destination , for distance sales and , finally , for simplifying mechanisms , help in my view to resolve the current difficulties .
It is important , I believe , to promote simple , daily information for patients as regards their rights and to recognise the peculiarities of groups of patients such as the elderly , the illiterate and pensioners , as Amendment 37 also emphasises .
In addition , the protection of patients ' personal data is important .
In other words , patients must be treated in hospitals as close to their place of residence as possible .
Finally , I should like to stress that health services cannot be compared with goods offered for sale .
The conclusions of this debate will probably cause us to re-examine the policies adopted and followed up to now by the European Union , both within the Union and in its foreign relations .
However , precisely because we need to remain faithful to the European idea , perhaps the time has come for us to re-examine and redefine its content .     . – It is an insult to debate the financial perspectives for 2007-2013 , when their declared aim is to implement the new Constitutional Treaty which has been rejected , condemned and is dead .
The positive outcome of these referenda for the peoples of the ΕU , which – and this is your pseudo-democracy – you disdain in your stand , cannot be reversed by a decision on the financial perspectives which the parliamentary group of the Communist Party of Greece will vote against .
