We need a viable , quality labour market and a skilled workforce . author . - Madam President , I would like to express my thanks to the rapporteur for his profound work .
Counterfeiting and copyright piracy are a drain on the economy in Europe and worldwide , and virtually no industry escapes this illegal activity .
The problem is serious and is growing more serious , yet counterfeit and pirated goods continue to be freely available within the internal market .
Secondly , we need public awareness campaigns .
Government-led campaigns should increasingly focus on the social costs of counterfeiting and piracy , such as health and safety .
This year , the Committee on the Internal Market and Consumer Protection agreed the new goods package , which created the new framework for market surveillance and for the enforcement of all EU law to ensure the safety of goods available on the internal market .
Earlier in this legislative period , we adopted a modernised customs code and instruments to help create an effective and paperless customs .
Fighting counterfeiting and piracy is an issue that should continue to be at the top of our political agenda .
With this debate this evening , we challenge the Commission to deliver a coherent and coordinated approach to tackling counterfeiting and piracy .
The euro was 10 years old on 1 January 2009 .
This is something the countries that have been left out of the euro area have been made painfully aware of .
Although the 10th anniversary of the euro is overshadowed by worries of a possible deepening of the recession , I trust in the euro area 's ability to emerge from the crisis .
According to the latest estimates , the effect of the agreed stimulus package will be considerably less than the 1.5 % of gross domestic product planned for the area .
The euro has been an unquestionable success , but would not have been but for the continuous efforts made .
Madam President , I voted in favour of adopting the report by Mrs McGuinness , but I would like to draw attention to the following issues in particular .
The food crisis may have changed its name to economic crisis , but the former has unfortunately not gone away .
It is dreadful to think that , even before the problems posed by the current food crisis , around a billion people worldwide suffered from chronic hunger and malnutrition .
We cannot tolerate a situation where , while worldwide famine increases and the price of food soars , we in Europe are winding down agriculture drastically and for the oddest of reasons .
The entire food chain in Finland is estimated to employ approximately 300 000 people , which is some 13 % of the employed workforce .
Although at the last moment in plenary some Members tabled amendments that they thought would have ensured that the legislation was founded on stronger scientific evidence , at the same time allowing the possibility of derogations for individual Member States , it was clear to the majority that it would be audacious to start disregarding the outcome of negotiations between Parliament and the Council , even if the amendments were valid .
The debate was a heated one within our group too .
Nevertheless , the feedback from stakeholders in the sector shows that the legislation is consistent and will enable the realisation of the EU-wide targets set for them to improve and protect both the environment and public health .
In future the Council must ensure that all its debates , documents and information are open to public scrutiny .
We have just approved the energy and climate package , but now there is a crisis we should organise a meeting on a bigger scale to include our partners .
The Russian and Ukrainian delegations should also be present .
By preventing gas from reaching the EU , Ukraine involved us in its problem .
Russia did the same when it cut off the EU gas section .
Thanks to speedy action on the part of the Union - and thanks go to the Commissioner for this - the meter readers are in place .
Both the EU and Russia are trying to construct energy pipelines in new areas : the EU outside Russia and Russia outside its former Soviet Republics .
I am sceptical about using force , as it might hurt us more than it hurts them .
A neutral party also ought to be involved .
Mr President , Commissioners , solidarity is a lovely word .
Solidarity should not just be called for in the name of anti-Gazprom and anti-Russia policy , but also to prevent general energy poverty .
If there is a common strategy and its structures are harmonised , it will mean that there will be winners and losers .
Harmonisation of the electricity networks also means harmonising the price of electricity .
In the same way , the money used in the EU budget to finance gas pipelines will have to be found by countries that do not use them .
Mrs Laperrouze is right when she says that network investments are for the Member States or the companies in them to make , not the EU.
Furthermore , our group would like to remind everyone , as Mrs Harms has , of the problems that are known to be associated with the use of nuclear power .
I want to thank those who drafted the report for their versatile efforts , and for bringing what is an important issue to the heart of the debate .
There are no national solutions to Europe-wide problems .
Considering the risks and disadvantages of nuclear power , this is a short-sighted and harmful policy .
The report is not ambitious enough as regards renewable energy sources