I am for enlarging Europe !
Making new laws is a very good thing to do .
I have on many occasions pointed out in this Chamber how dangerous it would be for us to trivialise this clause or to use it as a pretext for drawing attention to a variety of real concerns and one-off causes of dissatisfaction , so rather losing sight of the overall picture .
The queue is five kilometres long , and the lorries wait for three days .
With this decision in view , you are being extremely cautious , and this will have an impact on Bulgarians ’ and Romanians ’ hopes as they anticipate the outcome of the decision .
Thus , 800 European families have been waiting for more than five years to adopt their children , even though their adoption applications had been validated prior to June 2001 by the Romanian adoption committee .
It proposes to make wider use of standardisation work in the field of services , while preserving the monopolistic nature of the bodies mentioned in the report – which is , in my opinion , regrettable – even though standardisation has been mainly focused up to now on industrial products and nothing else .
This appointment is therefore important with regard to the content of monetary policy .
I believe that all of the members of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs , with the entire institution behind them , are open to dialogue with the Council , thanks to which we will have a better and totally satisfactory procedure in 2010 .     Madam President , Commissioner , I shall begin by thanking the rapporteur for his contribution to our debates .
I would point out that one of the main aims of the CAP reform , which was decided in September 2003 , was to freeze the first pillar in order to strengthen the second pillar , namely rural development policy .
Thirdly , we requested authorisation to finance the new agencies by means other than the financial framework , so as to preserve the resources dedicated to the operational programmes .
Last week’s interparliamentary conference made it possible to hold an initial , encouraging debate on the diagnosis , schedule and scope of the reform .
When the path is narrow and steep , it is better to move forward in small steps than not to move forward at all .
Today , the same people are preparing to vote in favour of the financial perspective , which has been slashed by EUR 110 billion .
Lastly , it constitutes a source of fiscal and social fraud that places a strain on the Member States’ accounts .
Lastly , I am delighted that this agreement , together with the 2008/2009 review clause , paves the way for the crucial reform of the European Union’s finances , which is becoming a crucial and urgent stage in European integration .     . I abstained from voting because I cannot accept the fact that the budget for research over the next three years has not increased in real terms , even though the Lisbon process and the declarations of the Heads of State or Government rightly consider research to be a key priority for Europe .     . I voted in favour of the Böge report because the absence of an agreement on the financial perspective for the period 2007-2013 could undermine the European Union’s work as from next year .
With a sum of EUR 864 billion , or 1.05 % of the gross domestic product of the 25 Member States , the financial perspective is not equal to Europe 's historic enlargement to incorporate ten new Member States , or the challenges awaiting it for the future .
We have recorded a 35 % decrease in the budgetary resources allocated to growth and competitiveness ( heading 1a ) , a 10 % decrease for the Structural Funds and the Cohesion Fund ( heading 1b ) and so on .
It was crucial to declare that the public finance situation is very worrying to say the least , with some Member States going bankrupt .
The report also proposes to ensure that the United Nations Commission for Human Rights , which has recently been set up , is not chaired by a State that is responsible for human rights violations .
Our state and non-state partners , both States and international organisations , are continuing to turn to us and to see us as a major player , and sometimes as indispensable , owing to our political credibility , our influence , our expertise and the instruments we have at our disposal .
As I have already said , we are very much in favour of a report drawn up jointly by the three institutions .
Tomorrow , we are going to vote on a text that maintains Parliament 's powers and allows it to retain its role as colegislator regarding the political direction to be taken by the new cooperation and development instrument .
However , it seems to have escaped the notice of some that , when the French and then the Dutch rejected the European Constitution a year ago , it was precisely because they did not want to let go of what they hold most dear , namely their world view as expressed in their foreign policy .
Because we now need to do more and better with the available resources – which seems to be the theme for today – I therefore call on the Commission to get the allocation of the scarce resources right and to invest in projects based on the fundamental principles of lasting peace and regional stability , respect for human rights and democracy , and sustainable development .     .
I wish , however , to point out the need to guarantee public funding on a scale