Whether in the framework of dialogues on human rights or in that of political dialogues within international bodies , the institutions have striven to advance , to give the European Union the image of an ambassador - a fervent and credible ambassador - for the protection and promotion of human rights , fundamental freedoms , democracy and the rule of law .
In 2009 , we are continuing down this path with the following initiatives .
Evidently , we will work with the future Swedish Presidency in the preparation of the positions that we will have to take when reviewing this resolution .
Today , human rights activists are better protected , and I welcome the fact that human rights clauses are now being studied in the Council and the Commission .
This too , I believe , is to the credit of the European Union .
I will accept an amendment on the sensitive issue of the equivalence of the material support offered to asylum seekers and the minimum social assistance guaranteed to national citizens .
I have indeed heard your call for solidarity , and the Commission can accept an amendment in the preamble to the regulation , in order to give a political signal along the lines of creating improved , formal solidarity mechanisms .
The Commission , moreover , believes that the office 's external mandate should not be limited to resettlement activities and regional protection programmes .
I believe there is no incompatibility between fighting against the abuse of procedures and raising the standards of protection .
Mr President , I wish to thank all the speakers and , in particular , to thank the rapporteurs once more .
They are different missions requiring different skills if we really want asylum applications to be dealt with in Europe with the necessary rigour and humanity .
In essence , Mr President - and I agree on this - the problems that we are trying to solve with these two instruments are serious and very often really tragic .
That is very clear .
That said , it is also the case that this flexibility will allow the Member States to enjoy , where the Community does not exercise its competence , an institutional framework to help citizens gain access to justice in third countries , especially in the area of family rights .
Obviously , the Justice Forum , which is a meeting place for the various networks of legal professionals , will also be used to play an essential role in raising practitioners ' awareness of the European dimension of their activities and , with the Union 's help , these practitioners will have to cooperate to ensure a true exchange of best practice .
I really believe that all this is paving the way for a good Stockholm Programme , and I would like to thank Parliament for that .
The latest political events did not necessarily make things easier , and I would therefore like you to pass on our gratitude , both to the authorities and to the people of your country .
The new budgetary procedure includes real advances and new challenges for Parliament with , firstly , the removal of the distinction between compulsory expenditure and non-compulsory expenditure .
Ladies and gentlemen , as you will have understood , the changes implied by the Treaty of Lisbon are important .
Mr President , honourable Members , first of all may I apologise on behalf of my colleagues , Vice-President Verheugen and Mr Dimas , who unfortunately cannot be here this morning to take part in this debate .
The Member States must ensure that the waste is recovered or destroyed without endangering human health and without requiring the use of processes or methods that could harm the environment .
This is unacceptable , since the use of this product is responsible for a large number of illnesses linked to exposure to asbestos fibres .
The text on which we are voting is an emergency measure , but if the situation were to continue , we would have to consider the situation not only of airlines , but also of consumers and airports .
That means not only standardising minimum reception conditions among all the Member States but also providing support for asylum seekers to settle in huge numbers .
Most unacceptable of all , though , is the Lambert report , which creates a European 'support ' office that will be able to distribute asylum seekers among the Member States as it pleases .
We voted against this report firstly because it lacks a purpose : the Treaty of Lisbon does not exist ; it was rejected by three referendums .
It is the responsibility of the assemblies and the politicians of Madagascar to decide on the most effective form of consultation .
At a time of difficulties , and given the complex political model that we have , we shall have to work now more than ever in a positive , constructive and united spirit , in order to make progress with Europe .
I should like to congratulate Prime Minister Fischer and his predecessor , Mirek Topolánek , on the results obtained during a particularly difficult phase .
Over the last six months we have made much progress , for example by developing the Baltic interconnection plan .
The Group of the European People 's Party ( Christian Democrats ) is also proud to have convinced the vast majority of MEPs from all political backgrounds - Mr Schulz included - to make you the spokesman for 500 million citizens .
I shall conclude by saying that , in order to act strongly on these two fronts , Europe must be equipped with appropriate institutions .
In Germany , work is under way to create 'bad banks ' ; in the Benelux countries a bit of everything is being done at the same time