I hope I will be able to enjoy the widest possible support in Parliament on a subject as important as the growth of short sea shipping and of intermodal transport .
At the weekend , the opening of a new motorway between Toulon and Civitavecchia , near Rome , showed the way forward .
It gave me real pleasure to be able to work hand in hand with the Commission .
They would like to be able to reconcile their working and family lives and to keep pace with new technological developments and the world of the Internet .
Sustainable development , in other words , is what is known in English as an ‘overarching principle’ , which has to be applied in the implementation of every policy pursued by the European Union .
Too many doubts remain about the resolve of the Member States to adhere to a set of principles they have established for themselves .
It combines a high standard of living with almost unprecedented social and environmental standards .
Inflation is no longer a problem , the currency is strong , and interest rates have reached an all-time low .
Lastly , let me say that I welcome the commitment to start work on the construction of the International Thermonuclear Experimental Reactor ( ITER ) in Cadarache before the end of 2005 .
I know that you share this concern , that is to say that , in the future , genuine coordination of economic policies should allow us finally to gain all the possible advantages from the introduction of the euro .
With regard to the Stability and Growth Pact , I am delighted that realism and flexibility have taken over from dogma and blind respect for rules which were decided upon during a period of economic growth that was much more sustained than the one we are experiencing today .
We were in considerable agreement in January when we debated the issue , stating that it falls to the national governments to make a success of the Lisbon Strategy not just for each of their countries but for Europe as a whole .
The Treaty does not say that any deficit over 3.0 % is an excessive deficit .
To those people who have drawn everybody’s attention to Europe’s lack of credibility , I will say this : I would like very warmly to thank the Members who have been attending this debate since 9 a.m. this morning .
Ladies and gentlemen , the Commission treats these proposals as a great priority .
So it is up to those of us who have a leading , and indeed political , role in the Council , the Commission and the European Parliament to explain to our fellow citizens that we have to make compromises , that Europe means compromise .
I shall explain it very simply .
And it is for that reason in particular that , today , we must vote .
I should next like to say to the Romanian people that , within the Group of the European People’s Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats , a large number of Members take their side and support the efforts to establish a genuine Christian Democracy in Romania .
On the other hand , Romania and Bulgaria’s entry ensures an unbroken territorial line towards Turkey , which favours the latter’s accession .
This is not what is planned , and the situation arising from European legislation cannot be accepted .     .
Mr Bolkestein , with good reason , did nothing but carry out a decision taken in 2005 during the Lisbon Summit , where France was represented by Mr Chirac and Mr Jospin .
The future of this region lies in the European Union .
They were submitted by the Commission at the same time as the reports on the partnerships and on the stabilisation and association process .
The legacy of a dark past , in which a destructive nationalism wrought havoc , has not totally disappeared .
In its review of this process in May 2004 , the Council welcomed the substantial improvements it found regarding regional cooperation , particularly in the areas of infrastructure , trade and energy .
There is no economic development because there is no private investment and there is no private investment because there is neither confidence nor security : no one wants to invest in regions where the future and development are uncertain .
The fifteen months which have passed since then obviously do not allow us to draw up a complete and exhaustive report on its implementation , but they do at least enable us to evaluate the impact which the strategy has already had , and to discuss the path we need to follow in its future application .
I believe that in doing this we have achieved an important milestone in the quest to find political solutions to questions which are extremely sensitive and at the same time extremely dangerous to international peace .
There are also regional bodies , such as the African Union , with which we held talks a few days ago with a view , as the Commission has said , to strengthening our policy towards Africa , the objective being to promote peace and development – two things which are closely connected – on that continent , which is particularly close to the European Union The strategy also serves to further our relationship with other neighbours to the East and South .
Significant progress has been made in the area of military capacities .
This service was designed to signal major progress in the conduct and implementation of the Union’s foreign policy , in particular in the form of greater effectiveness , greater coherence , an increased presence of the European Union , and the better use of all the resources available .
By all means then , ladies and gentlemen ,