be urgently reviewed because we , the Members of the European Parliament , have been treated today like schoolchildren .
Cohesion is not a vested interest of country A or B nor is it a vested interest , for example , of the countries which are furthest away from Community averages , but it is the vested interest of everyone .
We have discussed both of these issues many times separately .
We must reconcile the attempt at achieving economic and social cohesion with achievement of economic and monetary union .
With one condition , namely that we actually do so , and in order to do so we must have a concerted strategy .
A single currency will represent one of the most profound changes which Europe has undergone in recent decades .
Early on , the Union will have to set up a federal-type budget .
Mr President , as has been demonstrated in the Commission studies and has been referred to by the rapporteur , Mr Walter , it is to be hoped that the introduction of the single currency , being in the interest of the whole of the Union , can be especially advantageous for the less-developed countries : with businessmen suffering to a greater extent from uncertain micro-economic costs and calculations and the macro-economic costs of monetary instability , which is the current situation .
This is what I would suggest to the Commissioner : without increasing European Union appropriations and by easing the requirement of additionality of the different countries , it would still be possible for countries to recover without any adverse effects on the criteria .
From this point of view , I should like to point out that the number of projects funded is very limited especially in ultra-peripheral regions , a situation which has to be looked at again not only because these are included in the terms of Article 129b of the Treaty on European Union , as a political priority for the trans-European networks but also because , given its nature , the respective balance is especially fragile .
Finally , I should like to say that it is vital for the European Parliament in particular - given the functions which it exercises as a budgetary authority - should be informed before any decision concerning Commission proposals , based on application of the provisions of Article 6 of the Regulations of the Cohesion Fund .
I should like to finish , for the sake of the most basic principle of justice , by highlighting the excellent cooperation on the part of the various Members of the European Parliament and other interested parties who , with their opinions , have helped to make this report one which effectively translates the present position of the Committee on Regional Policy and , I hope , as of today , the opinion of the European Parliament on this particular matter .
The contradiction in this report resides in the fact that some of the conclusions insisted , nevertheless , as is recognised , on maintaining the existing criteria with a view to the single currency , in the suggestion of tightening up the criteria after 1999 ( with disciplinary or punitive measures applied to the 'ins ' and the 'outs ' , despite the fact that a multi-speed Europe has already been accepted ) , by restating - unbelievably - the principle that EMU can actually foster social cohesion , when it is really a contradiction in terms , by putting back on the table a proposal of conditionality for the Cohesion Fund and the implicit rejection of the creation of identical regulations for the structural funds after 1999 .
I should like again to mention the fight of the people of Timor and I should like to ask the Presidency of the European Parliament to do all it can and to make all of the possible contacts in order to remain informed about the events which are taking place in Jakarta in order to safeguard the rights of the people of Timor .
Therefore - and to make sure that this is made quite clear - we can be sure to oppose and denounce firmly anyone who pretends and even accepts the idea of imposing conditions relating to monetary convergence of an even stricter nature on countries following 1999 which continue to need the Cohesion Fund and , not content with that , who might have the idea of extending the same conditions to the allocation of structural funds in the future .
What I am particularly interested in pointing out at this time is that the Commission must give significant support to Member States in order to help them react rapidly and effectively and whenever possible to prevent or give warning of storms , floods , droughts , forest fires , earthquakes , major rock or land slips , ecological disasters , technological disasters , major transport accidents , etc , not only financial support but also in the form of training activities or preparing those most effective in terms of civil defence , by improving the technical means of acting and any equipment aimed at preventing or coming to the immediate rescue , by educating and raising public awareness in civil protection , etc .
What effective controls are being carried out and what measures have been taken to control every farm , in that any farmer could use feed meal ?
It was at this time that the representative of the United Nations Committee on Human Rights said that he was witnessing a real civil war , albeit one carried out by small steps .
The worst aspect , Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , is that it was detected in these attacks , perpetrated by Mr Nyangoma 's forces , that there was a joint action including Rwandan forces and Hutu militia from outside .
