The elections that were held were a good example of progress .
In fact , the situation has got out of hand , as far as everyone is concerned , including the Russians in Russia , especially those close to the border .
It is good that Georgia , Armenia and Azerbaijan are covered by our good neighbour policy , but that is not enough .
You will soon be meeting President Putin .
The draft amending budget under discussion is a routine matter connected with this , which we should adopt in accordance with Mrs Gill’s proposal .
In connection with this , I would like to remind the Commission that it ought to take more drastic action in getting the work of the European Chemicals Agency underway as soon as the legislation on chemicals has been passed .
It will not start its work in good time , however , unless preparatory work is done to provide office space and undertake other tasks to establish the Agency in Helsinki ; faster , moreover , than has currently been the case with the establishment of the Office of the Data Protection Supervisor .
The work of the Chemicals Agency must begin at the first opportunity .     – Mr President , Commissioner Reding , sports organisations do not have sufficient resources to deal with the drugs problem alone , and so there is a need for cooperation with governments as well as the European Union , with the competence it will have when the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe has been ratified .
Governments should also adequately ensure through their own legislation that drug dealers face the consequences of their actions to a sufficient degree .
The European Union should , for its part , actively support the work of WADA.
The International Olympic Movement has been quite actively involved in the administration of WADA , but the role of governments has been less assertive .
A global government agreement against drug use in sport is being drafted under the auspices of Unesco .
Matters relating to drug use in sport often make up quite a conspicuous number of sports news stories in the media .
We in the European Union , however , must do all we can to try to promote a clean image of sports and physical exercise .
The Commission fully understands the worries and sympathises with the workers in Rüsselsheim , Bochum , Trollhättan and elsewhere .
We are following these developments very closely using the Community competences that are available to us to facilitate better industrial conditions for the car industry in Europe .
The low GDP growth rate in the EU has had its repercussions on the car industry too .
Competitiveness , economic reform and new industrial policy are now high on the political agenda of the Commission and will receive even more focus in the new Commission .
The study shows that the automotive industry contributes 6 % to our manufacturing employment and 7 % to manufacturing output in the Union , making it a major driver in the European economy .
Our analysis of Europe 's strengths reveals that , due to the large home market , the European motor vehicle industry is well positioned to exploit economies of scale .
Moreover , due to the sophisticated demand , EU manufacturers get advance feedback from their customers , which helps them improve product quality .
In terms of weaknesses , EU productivity is still lower than that in the US and Japan .
Labour costs per hour in the European Union are still somewhat below those in the United States but significantly higher than those in Japan and especially Korea .
As has been shown by some manufacturers , an agreement can also be reached with the workforce , aimed at reducing costs .
With regard to threats , our studies see a danger that major innovations are not stimulated by European regulations .
Future regulation must therefore take into account the long-term competitiveness of the car industry and the need for manufacturers to be able to sell their products and similar products in Europe and on the whole world market .
The Commission is currently considering setting up a high-level group to analyse major challenges affecting the automobile sector and to identify ways and means to improve the industrial framework conditions in the sector .
Commissioner Verheugen , or rather Vice-President-designate Verheugen , said at his hearing in front of you in the European Parliament that he is considering setting up such a group .
We need to further develop dialogue in the sector with the main stakeholders involved .
Fuel prices seem to follow fluctuations in the exchange rate of the US dollar , at present the currency of a country at war .
Why do we not quote these prices in euros , as Mr Karlsson proposed in his report ?
Perhaps the present energy problems in the United States and Europe have woken us up .
We must ensure that we have a steady fuel supply .
When does the Commission intend to put this proposal forward ?
Today , for example , we have heard about farmers making it difficult to store and refine oil in France , where they are demanding , in a typically French way , complete exemption from tax on fuel used in agriculture .
Also in the news too the critical stage which the industrial dispute in the Norwegian oil industry has reached , and that has put up the price of crude oil in the Nordic countries .
If current price levels are maintained , forecasts for the global economy may well have to be adjusted downwards .
The long-term rise in oil prices is not just the result of recent events , but of strong economic growth in China and the