My question follows on from the last point Mr Seppänen made .
This matter has been reported on recently in the UK and indeed a British Government adviser said that she would not recommend that her children eat French beef because , she alleged , in France older cows are still making their way into the food chain , parts from the nervous system are still being used in products such as sausages in France and there is still contamination of animal feed .
There is also statistical evidence that there is an increase of BSE in France and Portugal .
Will the Council ask the Commission to ensure that all necessary public health measures are being enforced in all 15 Member States , to ensure this disease is finally eradicated from the European Union ?
Mr President , in the Haug report the sentiment is expressed that the Commission , in close cooperation with Parliament , is responsible for providing information to the European citizen about the policies of the European Union .
But Parliament has another responsibility : it is to represent the concerns of the citizens of Member States to the European Union , something which appears to be discouraged here .
It will be not unknown to some Members here that my party , the UKIP , seeks the withdrawal of the UK from the European Union .
What Members will not be aware of , though , is that according to recent opinion polls , that is now the majority view of United Kingdom subjects .
As an MEP who cares about that majority , how can I endorse the spending of GBP 11.5 billion of UK taxpayers ' money - that is our current annual contribution - when it does not have broad public approval ?
In the UK at least , the Commission is synonymous with fraud and waste .
The Court of Auditors has refused to sign off the accounts for five years running , and OLAF has indicated that financial controls have not yet significantly improved , and that the Commission reforms are stalled .
Therefore , what assurances are there that controls are now going to be in place to make sure that Member States taxpayers ' money is well spent ?
What assurance can the Commission give , when the Court of Auditors comes to look at the expenditure for 2001 , that this budgetary allocation will have been spent wisely and correctly ?
When other Members are also expressing their concerns about the way monies are to be spent - for example the Group of the European United Left/Nordic Green Left has just decided unanimously to lodge a motion to reject this budget - can anyone at all give me a reason why I should change my mind and give my vote to this budget ?
My congratulations to all the rapporteurs and also to Mr Ferber , the rapporteur for the other institutions with which we are most concerned .
There are three major issues which we should be concerned about in relation to the budget for other institutions .
Firstly , how far does this budget improve the efficiency and effectiveness of the institutions ?
Secondly , how far does it increase transparency and accountability to the European citizen ?
Thirdly , how far does it plan and prepare for the future of the enlarged Union ?
On the first point , I believe that this budget continues to apply the principles of budgetary rigour , budgetary prudence , improving efficiency , more effective budget control , better use of resources and a general tightening up , which are all vital to increase the confidence of the EU citizen in the institutions .
There are obviously in this budget exceptions for the Court of Justice , which are clearly justified .
Here the circumstances are exceptional , with an increased number of court cases and a huge backlog of translation , but in all the other institutions , rigour is applied .
Having said that , the principle of budgetary rigour can be developed further in every area .
In the case of Parliament , how can we talk about budgetary rigour and still base ourselves in three different cities , in three different Member States ?
We need to be seen to be practising what we are preaching .
Without wishing to give offence to our host city here in Strasbourg , our monthly part-sessions in this city are a manifest waste of time , money and Parliament ' s ability to be effective and efficient .
This equally applies to the separation of Parliament ' s administration between Luxembourg and Brussels .
If anyone needs convincing , just look at the evidence .
This resolution clearly shows that discontinuing the Friday morning Strasbourg sittings will lead to savings of some EUR 1 million .
Just imagine the savings that could be made if Strasbourg part-sessions were stopped altogether and Parliament was based solely in Brussels !
But it is not just the Treaties that need to be reformed .
The parliamentarians need to put their own house in order , especially in relation to the daily allowance paid to MEPs during constituency weeks .
I believe strict guidelines are necessary .
My group believes that Parliament ' s Bureau needs to review its decision and also to draw up a full list , with clear criteria , for those exceptional cases where Members can draw a daily allowance for their presence in Brussels during constituency weeks .
Furthermore , we parliamentarians also need to address the issue of the statute for assistants .
This is long overdue and now urgently needed .
Too many people in this House have been prevaricating on this question for far too long .
If Parliament is ever to establish a reputation for transparency , a statute for our