It is receiving an additional allocation of ECU 15 billion in order to compensate for the loss of its eligibility for Objective 1 , while the French Hainaut , which borders on it , is receiving nothing ; this discrimination is not justified either by the GNP or by the level of unemployment in the two regions .
I would like to add to what Mr Bourlanges said a moment ago , that institutional agreements cannot be considered separately .
I could add that the Cohesion Fund contributed to the conjuring trick that made some Member States into miracles of monetary union .
It is now up to them to have their say on the reform of European policies and integration .
A direct and across-the board reduction in compensatory aid will therefore upset the balance in European agriculture .
Although their responsibility is undeniable , we cannot restrict the causes of the conflict to those people alone .
The Group of Independents for a Europe of Nations believes that the approach should be fully reversed and that the people should be given a say right from the preparation stage of the reform .
The European Union cannot remain indifferent to this situation .
I would like to discuss America , that vast country that claims to be the policeman of the world and the model of democracy , freedom and modernity .
He asked me if I took that as a response to what I was doing at the time in America .
I should say 'the most recent ' coup d 'état , because goodness knows the Comoros have experienced a considerable number of them since gaining independence in 1975 : this is the eighteenth one to be recorded !
This is the first level of responsibility .
Mr President , I visited the Temelin power station that is under construction .
It is impossible to convince Europeans that European citizenship exists if they are daily being denied a fundamental right , the right to employment .
We have gradually moved from sectoral directives regulating various activities to a horizontal approach based on the principle of mutual recognition and two key directives from 1989 and 1992 .
The Commission then decided to get tough , not against those countries which refused to introduce social and environmental clauses in world trade rules , but against the Member States .
But if I say 'Villmools merci ' , I am sure you will understand , and it would surely not be against the Rules of Procedure just this once to use two words of Luxembourgish , one of which is French anyway .
This morning , I asked Nicole beforehand for some clarification and advice in case she did indeed occupy the Presidential seat today .
Madam President , I will be very brief .
Another apparent sign of the increasing disinterest of the Europeans in European construction is the lack of interest in the euro , barely six months after its launch .
Furthermore , the appointment of the Secretary General of NATO as a representative of the European Common Foreign and Security Policy , appears to complete the picture , and brings to mind that phrase of a French diplomat who said that it is illusory to try to develop a European defence policy while building the European Central Bank in Fort Knox .
To this end , I would like to ask Minister Fischer if he envisages , apart from the conclusions of Cologne , a short or medium-term perspective on allowing accession to those countries which have not signed up to Article 5 of the amended Treaty of Brussels , that is , the mutual assistance clause which binds countries which are currently Members of the Western European Union .
I want to mention the relationships , which have sometimes been difficult , between the Commission and the Parliament .
We are ready to open a debate on this subject and I hope that this goes for the other political groups .
This disastrous management of the Commission must come to an end .
It must never happen again , otherwise it will be the citizens who , justifiably , turn their backs on Europe .
We are still faithful to this fundamental choice and we would like to let you know that , in your difficult task , you will always find us to be speakers who are sometimes demanding but always anxious to help you and not to hinder you .
This will be a good demonstration from the outset of your desire for independence and your desire to see to it that the Commission is what the Treaty wants it to be ; that is , a Commission beyond countries , beyond national sentiments and also beyond the ideological preferences that we hold here within this Parliament .
Finally , since I am running out of time , I would simply like to make an appeal by saying that the Commission is not only an executor for the decisions of the Council and the European Parliament , and that we have now perhaps lost the taste for the discreet charm of standards for lift springs and we would prefer more initiatives from the Commission in the area of social problems .
We have spoken about Bosnia and have endlessly discussed the same problems of decentralisation .
Bitter derision and , material waste have added to the human and political damage , and we are now in the front line of Community confrontations , in a psychological situation which is aggravated by the destruction which we have brought about .
However , apart from that IGC , certain things will also depend on your Presidency , and we all know that certain improvements to the functioning of the institutions do not necessarily depend on a reform of the Treaties and that it concerns firstly - and perhaps principally - the Council .
The German Presidency was concerned with putting together its