and the Criminal Court , because otherwise we are providing states in the Arab world , but also China and Russia - I might mention Chechnya and Tibet - with a pretext for ignoring international law on their territory .
We should discuss this openly .
It is precisely the most important Mercosur States that have far-reaching political problems .
Nowhere else is the exchange of pollutants so great .
We also have these regulations for cars and that certainly does not mean that if our cars meet these standards they too are permitted to be driven anywhere .
The car that was supposed to collect me came half an hour later than arranged .
There is of course nothing wrong with the Internet .
In the most simple terms , this is about bringing administration closer to the citizen .
In particular , more attention needs to be paid to Articles 41 and 42 of the Charter of Fundamental Rights .
What works outstandingly well in the small democratic structure that is the canton of Appenzell , will not work in the same way in a Community with half a billion inhabitants .
As part of this , the EU is holding out the prospect of generous technical aid to equip the economic and administrative actors with better qualifications .
I would very much like the word " signing " to be replaced by the word "ratification " . That makes it much clearer and also means that the States that have signed still have a chance to refrain from ratification .
Disturbances on agricultural markets affect few products and should therefore be examined for any effect on lasting development .
Hence , cancelling Question Time to the Council and Commission this week was , in my eyes , both an infringement of our fundamental parliamentary rights and an infringement of the Rules of Procedure , despite the fact that there was time enough .
For that , as you announced today , Commissioner , we need the technology , the standards which meet these requirements , to be published .
As my honourable friend , Mrs Hieronymi said , we could have set one standard that speaks this common language , a single language , in the MHP.
First , we have stated quite clearly that we want to prevent this necessary , proper and important technology from being abused , by setting unequivocal ethical standards .
And the only reason I am standing here talking on cultural policy issues is because I have had to jump into the breach and replace my honourable friend Karin Junker who is ill and whose illness is too serious for her to be here .
I share Mr Posselt 's view : if the Member States fail to make a move on this issue in time , then we must take the initiative .
According to the agenda , we should be voting at 4.30 p.m. and I can assure you that you cannot hear the bell upstairs in the offices .
In other words , there are a few people who never miss a chance to turn everything against Strasbourg .
Thirdly , there was no Question Time this week , either to the Council or to the Commission .
The ten countries have succeeded , through their own efforts , in meeting the incredibly difficult and challenging criteria for accession to the European Union .
We will continue to apply all the tried and tested monitoring instruments after the conclusion of the negotiations and the conclusion of the Treaty , in order to ensure that all the commitments undertaken are fulfilled .
I am gratified by the progress made by these two countries .
Our task now is to ensure that Europe 's citizens do not just understand but wholeheartedly endorse and welcome this project .
However , there is still a massive amount of work to be done , not only by the accession candidates but also by the European Union itself .
On behalf of our group , I would like to point out that we have divergent views on the issue of Turkish membership of the European Union .
I am convinced that overall , Parliament will endorse a positive outcome .
In future , no EU citizen may suffer discrimination on any grounds whatsoever .
They are offset not only by the advantages but also the opportunity to enlarge the zone of security and stability and overcome the division of Europe .
I was asked today : what do I say to my constituents ?
While the inspectors are searching for weapons in Iraq , conditions must be re-established for the embargo to be abolished entirely , and for the embargo to be ended .
In this context , the Council and the Commission must use all the instruments to ensure that the death penalty is abolished , that genuine cooperation is established in the fight against terrorism , and that progress is made on issues relating to decentralised decision-making structures , taking account of the different conditions within the country , and in particular , to ensure that progress is made on economic and social development which deprives terrorism of its breeding-ground .
Your visit raised their hopes that in such a case , the EU would intervene .
The stipulation that this grant must leave available 25 % of the annual amount of EUR 1 billion allocated to the Fund up to 1 October each year in order to respond to disasters possibly occurring late on in the calendar year is supported by the committee responsible .
In our budgetary capacity , we have agreed that we want , in future , to hold out this EUR 1 billion at least as an offer .
Although this is not relevant to the Solidarity Fund , our discussion today should make reference to the call for a future European civilian emergency force .
