Is it right that we should be considering new proposed amendments to the directive ?
Mr President , the Commission 's new proposal for the labelling of genetically engineered products is in itself in order , because it will be able to shed light on one of the grey areas remaining in the novel food provisions .
In fact the Commission has not come to terms with the compromise reached on novel food .
We are risking monocultures which are dependent on specific sprayed substances , and precisely because of the monopoly they have and their great expansion , this increases the risk of natural disasters which may even result in a shortage of foodstuffs .
The Commission is not only under obligation to comply with directive 220 .
For example , a number of speakers have expressed their concern about ampicillin and their agreement in this area that risk assessment is called for , even if the committees have been questioned again .
With regard to the decision-making process it is difficult to argue that a procedure in which the Commission and one Member State can prevail over 13 other Member States is in any sense part of a democratic system .
Such a procedure needs to be changed , and I would like to ask what initiatives the Commission has taken in this connection .
If a single Member State is against inclusion on the list of types , which EU procedure will come into effect , and which criteria will be used as a basis ?
However , in this connection I would like to mention some of the views of the Danish Laboratory Technicians Association in this very area , and I agree that what is needed here is tighter legislation .
As the Danish Laboratory Technicians Association recommends , we must strive for minimal use , and perhaps even for no use at all , so that zero risk can be established in the working environment .
This of course is tied up with the fact that it is difficult to produce a convincing argument against the logical and technical consequences of the knowledge we have about the possible risks as long as one is thinking in terms of limits for carcinogenic substances .
This is their daily work and we should listen carefully to what they say .
Political attitudes and feelings in general are seldom a match for expert qualifications .
1 ) Denmark is named several times , whereas other countries scarcely appear .
But perhaps this is because we do not have a representative on the committee and can therefore serve as a scapegoat .
2 ) If the environment is to be included in these annual reports , then one should point out specific violations of the environment legislation , and not make do with general statements .
I would recommend that future reports be shorter , more precise and more accurate .
Mr President , Mrs Randzio-Plath 's report states , among other things , that one cannot go along with the Commission 's proposal on greater wage distribution between the regions .
The annual economic report from the Commission also expresses a wish for greater wage distribution within the different sectors and branches .
It is a pity that the rapporteur is not here now because I would have liked to hear her views on this .
The report fully supports Delors ' white paper on growth , competitiveness and employment , and this surprises me somewhat because this also advocates wage distribution .
And to propose a form of economic control at an EU level would mean going off at a tangent .
Let us listen to the strong protests being raised against the EMU plans throughout the countries of the European Union .
This proposal on the resale right sends out a very clear political message , and that is quite simply the European Union 's insatiable desire for expansion , or to put it in EU speech : the proposal violates both the principle of subsidiarity and the principle of proportionality .
But the existing research shows that the resale right has effect firstly on sales in the country of sale when the work of art in question has a sale price of at least 50 , 000 ECUs .
The existing reports refer to an examination of the sale prices of works of art which indicate that 95 % of works of art are sold at prices under around 20 , 000 ECUs , that is to say $ 25 , 000 .
In all essential respects the resale right is a national matter and that is what it should remain .
For Scandinavian artists , where we have had the resale right - in Denmark 's case for several years - the proposal simply means a significant reduction .
Scandinavian artists have , in a joint statement , protested against the proposal and this reduction , which Marianne Eriksson will be addressing in a subsequent speech .
That our work is not useless is clearly demonstrated here , in that the Commission has accepted the single recommendation and modified the strategy for the PHARE programme , so that the objective and priorities are geared towards expansion .
I am pleased we now agree that the role PHARE should play is to contribute to a development which will ensure that Eastern and Central European countries can become members of the EU.
I am glad to have these messages , but I can announce that we will follow this up , determine when it is to be set in motion and carefully monitor developments from the committee 's side so that it is not just empty talk , but that real change occurs .
I note that the council is also aware that many of the criticisms are the same from one year to the next , and this