On that basis , it is for them to decide whether all the safety conditions are met .
At this moment , thanks to the agreement with Switzerland , there are other types of possible access for North-south traffic and for traffic between Italy and the rest of the continent .
We have neither the competence nor the capacity to carry out that type of task .
As the NGO final declaration clearly suggests , structural racism in the past , current manifestations of neo-colonialism and the denial of the fundamental right to self-determination lie at the root of indigenous suffering .
I therefore believe that the success of this Conference will depend on whether we are today capable of realising everything that was contained in its final declaration .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , I would firstly like to thank you once again for the European Parliament ' s constant and determined majority support for the GALILEO satellite navigation programme .
The resolution contained in Mrs Langenhagen' s excellent report is testimony to this and I thank her for her work .
Of course we will send the results of this study to this House and I hope that those of you who have expressed more reservations about the programme will find that it provides better explanation and greater confidence and that we will therefore have greater support - I know that it is supported by the majority of this House , but also that some of you have expressed significant reticence , if not opposition .
With regard to the data issued by GALILEO , the international and Community instruments intended for its protection will clearly be applied .
The arguments used by those people who defend the prohibition of the international exhaustion of trade marks - combating counterfeiting , maintaining the prestigious image of goods , diversion of income from the manufacturer to the importer - are at odds with a reality which is demonstrated in the documents produced by the rapporteur .
I should like to recall that this change was initiated by the Watson Report in early September .
A clear definition at all levels of the nature of the fight against terrorism is also needed .
I believe we should respect the activities of others .
My group would like all Commissioners to explain themselves before this House .
I should like to highlight one point .
The Convention is required to present proposals .
Terrorists are aware that our democratic societies are more open and consequently more vulnerable .
Success can only be guaranteed through long-term support by the governments committed to this fight .
A genuine common foreign security and defence policy for the European Union is called for .
What action will the Council take to ensure that it speaks with one voice , as Mr Michel was saying this morning ?
As stated earlier , we now have a single currency to protect us from exchange rate crises .
Nevertheless , some recipes will move us forward whilst others will put us into reverse .
In my view , it is now clear that we should change the way we navigate .
Today the Commissioner stated it was one more potential tool .
In my view it would be unrealistic and undesirable to try to apply the American model to Europe .
Some of you are of the opinion that those of us in favour of the pact are adopting a fundamentalist position , others find it dogmatic .
We may well be regretting that just now .
In the code of conduct adopted by ECOFIN last July it was already stated that one of the fundamental elements of the Growth and Stability Pact is the medium-term objective for the fiscal position .
The nominal objectives are linked to certain assumptions on growth .
More Europe means Lisbon .
All this is undoubtedly essential if we are to cope successfully with the tasks we have set ourselves .
We must not forget that sport contributes to forging an identity and bringing people together , as well as uniting sportspeople and spectators by offering the latter the opportunity to identify with their nation .
The Flemings and the Walloons cannot look upon us Basques ( nor the Catalans upon the Finns , the Scots or the Welsh ) as foreigners .
So I would firstly like to ask whether the Council is aware that we have an open border across which the European Union ' s security cannot be guaranteed ?
I would like to ask the Council whether it would be in favour of carrying out monitoring , even of agreeing a timetable on the progress made in relation to the situation of women in terms of laws , because the Council is aware , like us , that if these improvements are not introduced into laws , they will not be consolidated .
I was not even there at the final moment to defend my proposals and the opinion was therefore adopted without interference .
But when the Committee on Budgets added the Community dimension , the Commission , in particular the Commissioner present , thanked us for it and expressed its appreciation of this widening of the perspective of the Communication .
Ladies and gentlemen , 90 days from the physical introduction of the euro , any inkling of fiscal policy in relation to the Community budget is being sidestepped .
It takes up elements of the monetarism of the 80s and 90s without taking account of its background .
The strain of the situation , however , should not lead us to justify greater public intervention or , as the President-in-Office of the Council has said very correctly , to abandon or lose sight of the need to continue with the structural reforms which the European economy still needs if it is really going to be competitive on an international level .
I believe that the short-term solution for Europe is not to