The view of the governments is very simple : they are all submitting to the new Brussels Consensus .
Their proposal is EUR 3 billion less than the one that we are here to discuss today .
Such is the case with the EUR 350 million in funding proposed for the Institution of Nuclear Fusion , an investment which is seriously dubious in the current climate .
This is the Europe where general strikes are taking place in Greece , Spain and France , even on this very day .
We are therefore completely on board with the text that has now been approved , and which will establish an average period of 30 days for the state to pay its debts to suppliers .
There is European legislation for this , and it seems clear that the law has been violated .
How can the bank be allowed to put pressure on people with a mortgaged house in the affected area , asking them to pay what they owe , since their houses have lost value ?
Commissioner , this debate is about fundamental rights such as non-discrimination and free movement .
They repeatedly deny the existence of documents , copies of which later appear in public .
I have many doubts because even the journalists have doubts .
It will continue to be spoken of in this House .
However , the physical and ethnic characteristics of individuals should not be seen as an indication that they are criminals or that they are in the country illegally .
The crisis demonstrated that Europe did not respond in time and often did not respond well .
Proposals are also being made to strengthen the Stability and Growth Pact and look in particular detail at what is going on regarding debt , to enhance economic governance in the euro area by the Euro Group , and to establish a robust and credible excessive debt prevention and resolution mechanism for the euro area , which could involve establishing a European Monetary Fund .
From now on , Europe has the instruments to respond better in the field of economics ; Parliament contributed greatly to this and will continue to do so .
The crisis has made all the more pressing the need to strengthen the single market , taking into account the proposals of Mr Monti and Mr Grech .
We would like it if this could be more than just a study .
This position will advocate the spirit of the Union : greater transparency and more publicity .
Parliament has a series of different proposals in relation to the other institutions .
This is the meaning of the joint declaration that Germany and France decided to make in Deauville before the meeting of the G20 and the European Council .
Before the Treaty of Lisbon and in accordance with the legal basis of Article 295 of the Treaty of the Functioning of the European Union , the treaties did not explicitly encourage the EU institutions to conclude interinstitutional treaties .
I would like to highlight the importance of the negotiations on the interinstitutional dimension of the EU 's international relations , allowing Parliament to be fully informed in good time so that it can have a say on the international agreements during the negotiation process .
This was therefore one more step towards effectively wielded democratic power , and it will contribute to a Europe that is closer to its citizens .
In terms of the legislative process and scheduling , it is important to point out the changes relating to the ' Better Regulation ' approach and the announcement of a revision of the interinstitutional agreement on this issue , along with the new regulations regarding the impact assessments carried out by the Commission .
It is therefore necessary and expedient to review the framework agreement that governs relations between Parliament and the Commission .
I am therefore voting for this report .
It is therefore necessary and expedient to adapt the Rules of Procedure to the revised framework agreement on relations between Parliament and the Commission .
I would also like to stress that in order to ensure democratic scrutiny and improve the confidence of European citizens in their European institutions , every year , Parliament should be presented with a statement of assurance on the internal management and control systems put in place in the Union Delegations .
I hope that this will come about .
I hope that the service will operate in tandem with the national diplomatic services and act as a positive factor to enhance their performance .
In view of this , EU officials and temporary agents from the diplomatic services of the Member States should have the same rights and obligations and be treated equally , particularly as regards the eligibility to assume all positions under equivalent conditions .
This proposal for an amending budget comes under the realisation of the Treaty of Lisbon in order to facilitate the implementation and operation of the European External Action Service ( EEAS ) .
There is , therefore , the prospect of a worrying militarisation of the EU and of international relations , which we will fight vigorously .
Given that the annual allocation for financial assistance for monitoring measures in the banana sector amounted to EUR 75 million in 2010 , where the major portion of this financial assistance stemmed from a reallocation of heading 4 of the budget , which equated to EUR 55.8 million , and that in 2011 , this heading is only EUR 875 530 , we agree with Parliament 's proposal to invite the Commission to submit a new proposal to deploy the flexibility instrument for the remaining amount of EUR 74 124 470 .
The proposed annual breakdown provides an amount of EUR 75 million in 2010 .
The report aims to establish the measures necessary for