in terms of its effects on health and the environment , as is landfill .
It is essential that we do not replace one unhealthy and unsustainable form of waste disposal with another .
Incineration is not recycling .
It is not a clean and safe method of waste disposal .
Genuinely sustainable alternatives must be funded and promoted and far more must be invested in research and in developing waste prevention , re-use and recycling .
That is why I welcome these standards for co-incineration of municipal waste and the transportation of waste , which should help bring an end to the present trade in waste where areas with the cheapest operators and the lowest standards become the co-incineration capitals of Europe .
In particular , I welcome the commitment to improving public access to information on incineration plants and the obligation on plant operators to publish an annual report on emissions .
Greater openness is obviously of major concern to people who live near these incinerators , but it will also help to ensure that the plant operators themselves keep below the emission ceilings that have been set .
The introduction of much stricter nitrogen oxide limits for new co-incineration plants such as cement kilns is also a step forward which will be an incentive for reducing emissions even though the standards proposed do not reflect the best available techniques .
Overall , this much needed legislation will put in place safeguards to limit the worst effects of incineration on health and the environment and , I hope , discourage incineration-for-profit , which depends on the creation of more and more waste .
Mr President , I should also like to congratulate the rapporteur on his own-initiative report , particularly because it is precisely that : an own-initiative report .
He affirms , especially in Paragraph 17 , that publicly funded health care systems should remain within the exclusive competence of the Member States and I very much agree with this .
He highlights the need to address the issue of health problems of tourists visiting other Member States , and this is certainly a very live issue , as I know from the many letters on this subject I receive from constituents .
But above all he draws attention , for example in Paragraph 3 , to the significant problems regarding the long-term sustainability of public health care systems throughout the EU because of the increasing cost of advances in treatment possibilities , as well as the growing demand from an increasingly elderly population .
This is a major concern .
We certainly need fresh thinking on this subject and that has to include new ways of private and public health care working together .
His report is a useful contribution to that debate , though I hope he agrees in turn that the contributions made in committee , including those made on this side of the House , may perhaps have made it even more useful .
It is certainly now much less prescriptive , which is good .
Health care is financed in different ways in different Member States and the roles of private health insurers are correspondingly different .
Even the definitions of " supplementary " and " complementary " have slightly different meanings in different languages .
So an absolute "one size fits all " solution for insurance is unlikely to be the answer .
On the basis that Amendments Nos 2 and 3 are passed , which accept the suggestion of a Green Paper but do not dictate precisely what has to be in it , I shall certainly be calling upon my UK colleagues to vote in favour , though I shall be proposing abstention on Amendment No 16
Mr President , the original draft of Mr Rocard 's report contained proposals which could have destroyed the health insurance market in Europe .
It is fundamental to the insurance business that premiums are related to predictable risks .
This applies in all kinds of insurance including life , car and home protection insurance .
If the original proposals had been carried to outlaw discrimination on the grounds of medical history , then premiums would have been attractive to the chronically sick and unattractive to the fit and healthy .
As a result it would have been predominantly the chronically sick who would buy insurance .
This in turn would have created a vicious circle of higher and higher premiums and fewer and sicker policyholders .
It could have destroyed the industry and put new burdens on state systems .
It is a classic example of socialist interventionism .
By trying to eliminate discrimination on the grounds of health status , Mr Rocard would have killed the goose that laid the golden egg .
I am reminded of the story of the representative of the government who went to a businessman and said "how can the government help you ? " and the answer was "you can help us best by leaving us alone . "
When will we learn that lesson ?
Of course , we should promote a vigorous and vibrant market for health insurance in Europe .
We must also support state provision , at least for those with difficult health problems who would be uninsurable in the private sector .
The best way to achieve these objectives is for the state to leave the private sector to get on with its job .
The new proposal before us is for a Green Paper .
This is better than the original proposal but even this is a step too far .
Today 's Green Paper becomes tomorrow 's intrusive and damaging legislation .
The best way we can help this industry , and the patients it serves , is to leave it alone .
Madam President , on behalf of all livestock producers may I express my deep concern at the French Government ban on meat-and-bone meal in animal feed .
