.
They demand that the EU takes a clear lead in the global work towards sustainable development , against poverty and against the environmental destruction now taking place .
The conclusion is that the absence of price tags on scarce resources and environmental impact leads to insufficient integration of environmental considerations and economics .
In this respect , market-based financial controls must also be used to a greater extent to put a price on scarce resources and to assess whether subsidies and tax exemptions have an adverse impact on the environment .
I can also add to this a report from the Swedish Environmental Protection Agency , which shows that it generally takes considerable time for nature and the environment to recover from the environmental destruction we have caused and continue to cause .
I would also like the courageous step to be taken of examining the EU' s own accounts , its own system of subsidies .
Mr Blokland addresses this in item 5 and Mrs Hulthén in item 33 of her report , that is , that we need to revise the agricultural subsidies .
The issues are chemicals and nutrients in the water , air quality and public health .
If this is carried out , it will prove an important step in achieving change .
I believe it can make a real contribution to changing this policy .
Mr President , Commissioner , President-in-Office of the Council , I would like to start by thanking the rapporteurs for their excellent reports .
It is well known that it concerns transport policy , agricultural policy and energy policy , but it also concerns social policy .
Sustainable development is also about a whole range of methods .
We must use tax instruments , which have often been emphasised by Parliament .
The new strategy which is being developed , and which we in Parliament warmly support , is crucial .
Both show the necessity of integrating environmental policy , social policy and economic policy , if we are really to achieve sustainable development .
As Swedish Minister for the Environment Kjell Larsson says , what is needed now is political courage within all the institutions and in all areas .
The Commission ' s document on integrating environmental policy into economic policy states that there is no contradiction between economic growth and environmental protection .
Therefore , economic development must be adapted to ecological requirements , otherwise there will be no sustainable development .
We cannot afford to keep them in place .
It is remarkable to think that the concept of 'sustainable development ' has been around for 15 years now and has been kept alive despite so many people criticising it over the years for being woolly , difficult to achieve in practice , difficult to establish practical results for , etc .
At the same time , we must of course continue to work on developing effective indicators and effective monitoring of developments .
In our proposal , we at the Commission have said that we naturally wish to ensure that this is a proposal owned jointly by many different stakeholders in society and that we will follow it up in such a way that we also consult various groups in society .
I would also like to comment on what has been said about the international perspective , for this is incredibly important .
At the same time , our strategy for sustainable development also emphasises , as Mrs Paulsen pointed out , that we must ensure that we rid ourselves of inconsistent policies and subsidies which are actually not good for the environment and which are not favourable to sustainable development .
I believe it is a good aim for the Belgian Presidency to follow up matters in the way described by Mr Jonckheer during the debate .
This will be the moment of truth for us and for the EU as a whole .
Therefore , it is important that we monitor implementation in this area too .
It is no doubt possible to find further measures to strengthen the monitoring procedure , but the means already in place to ensure that Member States meet their obligations in line with the legislation must be strengthened .
Finally , I would like to comment on how we define sustainable development , as this was brought up in Mr Blokland ' s report .
I emphasise once again the significance of a global perspective , but if you have read the Brundtland Commission report carefully , you will see that our definition is correct .
There is a rather outdated view that economic growth always has an adverse impact on the environment .
We have been working on this for many decades without perhaps using this particular term .
This shows that decoupling is already taking place .
These are two further examples of decoupling .
At a global level , it is actually quite amazing that we currently have subsidies which , according to some , amount to 200 billion dollars a year for non-sustainable energy , that is , fossil fuel .
I would like to point out that we have major problems with biodiversity here in Europe , something which far too few people are aware of .
Many of the endangered species are dependent on a small-scale agricultural landscape which is currently disappearing .
The condition of marine biodiversity is in fact much worse than that of biodiversity on land .
The marine ecosystem around our coasts is in crisis .
Mr Jonckheer also pointed out that the sectoral approach directly opposes environmental policy in the EU.
I believe , Mr President , that these comments will suffice .
I would like to pay homage to Mrs Myller , who has worked excellently together with the shadow rapporteurs .
The criticism came from all sides , including from the two institutions , the Council and Parliament