has not agreed to one of these .
To reciprocate , Russia will not sanction the Kyoto Agreement and is putting pressure on relations with the minority in the Baltic region .
Other countries would suffer less , some not at all , but my country , for example , would , as the share of trade with Russia is enormous there and we also have some experience in a history of dealing with difficult relations .
The country has just voted in a more nationalistic parliament than ever and the current presidential election campaign smacks of the same .
The best and most effective approach of all is to try to have an influence directly on President Putin , who has a key role in everything that happens , as was said just now .
We are nevertheless prepared to accept some amendments .
On the other hand , we hope there is support by the other groups for our own amendment , which concerns the position of national minorities in Russia .
The conclusion we have jointly come to is that the formally adopted strategy has not worked satisfactorily .
There is , however , another key reason for our failings , something that has been given too little attention in our deliberations .
This has been evident , for example , in the fact that Russia has been adamant about not agreeing to extend the Partnership and Cooperation Agreement to the new Member States of the EU.
Calm and patience are needed in relations with Russia .
To be able to realise our own objectives effectively and keep a watch over our own interests , we always have to consider the special political circumstances that obtain in Russia , hard and wearisome though that sometimes is .     – Mr President , I will continue what is very much a Finnish debate , although I am largely of the same opinion as Mr Brie , who has just spoken , although he is not my fellow countryman .
It would be worrying if Russia were to become our own Middle East , and , because of European dependence on energy , we were prepared to allow human rights violations such as those played out in the tragedy that is Chechnya to continue from one year to the next , and accept the increased risks attached to the transportation of oil , the collapse of nuclear safety , and the alarming restrictions on civil liberties .
The EU does not seem to have any coherent or consistent policy with regard to Russia ; neither are issues given any sort of priority .
Ending on a positive note , let it be said that our land border with Russia has been remarkably peaceful and free of problems , and the EU does not really deserve the credit for that .     – Mr President , it is a positive move that the General Affairs Council signalled collectively that the Partnership and Cooperation Agreement between the European Union and Russia should automatically extend to cover the new Member States .
Russia is the EU’s most important neighbour .
It is in the interests of both the Union and Russia that relations between them develop favourably in all areas of life .
We must ensure that the Union is consistent in its policy on Russia and that in Russia they understand that the EU cannot be split politically .
These conditions have been met .
Strategic cooperation based on common values has been spoken of with regard to relations between the EU and Russia .
The EU needs oil and natural gas so there is a need for cooperation on energy to be developed .
The environment must play a part in that , whether it is a matter of energy production or its transportation .
I am a firm supporter of more exchange programmes for researchers , teachers and students and cooperation between educational institutions .
They cannot bear the burden of a divided world .     – Mr President , it would seem that some of the work done by this Parliament , and hence work also done by women , is at risk of going to waste as the plenary time we have left is simply not enough .
This plenary could even be held without a debate or by restricting the discussion to the two-minute speeches by the Commission and the person who drafted the report .
I hope that you will think seriously about this , Mr President , and that you will seek solutions that are in keeping with Parliament’s increased powers as a legislating body .     – Mr President , it is important that the common position clearly focuses on commercial activity and the work of professional criminals .
Copying on a small-scale for personal use will then be left alone .
In the information society the invasion of people’s privacy is a most dangerous and mostly ignored problem .
It is important , however , that a distinction is made between conscious and unconscious infringement of copyright .
The different practices and laws that exist in the Member States would make it an especially awkward task .
Nevertheless , we should not interfere in the private lives of the innocent .
Let us make additional improvements to the next directive .     – Mr President , Guantanamo is not war , but a return to tyranny by a sovereign ruler , as now symbolised by the logic of a permanent state of emergency championed by the world’s only hegemonic superpower .
This is a historic challenge .
That can only succeed through cooperation and lawful courses of action , and it is actually giving into terrorism to ignore them .
I wish to sincerely thank all those whose cooperation in conciliation led to our success at the end of last year .
