are even prepared to give you a helpful push , at least when the race official is not watching , but only if your Presidency sets a course that really improves people ' s lot , both here and elsewhere in the world .
Naturally , you will also be expected to ensure that the palace at the summit of Laeken is not demolished .
It will therefore not be 'business as usual ' for the Belgian Presidency , certainly not with a historic task such as enlargement in prospect .
But allow me , with the greatest respect for the mainly grey-haired wise men , to say that it will surely not be prepared for without the presence of a single woman .
Is it not appalling that , so close to enlargement of the Union to include five hundred million people and over twenty Member States , we do not yet even have a coherent European migration and asylum policy although , every day , traffickers in human beings dump desperate people on our coasts and allow them to drown ?
As you quite rightly said , a radical intervention is necessary to make it clear to people how important the Union can be for them .
I am glad that there are a few important liberalising issues on the table and that you have said that , during this Presidency , a few must be solved .
And then I shall address Mr Michel .
I have a critical comment on this .
I should like to ask if that could be added to the list of five .
This experience is partly the key to the success of the Belgian presidency .
The Belgian work programme is ambitious , and it is also set against an extraordinary context in order to regain the trust of the citizens , in other words , with the introduction of the euro , a debate on the future of Europe and also a debate on enlargement .
Why do we talk about a Europe without borders when in health , fiscal and social policy we still have borders , which even create competition ?
Public alarm in the face of enlargement is real .
The one must be linked to the other .
On the contrary .
Mr President , first and foremost I should like to thank the various speakers and especially the group chairmen .
No, we must take that 'no ' vote seriously and take it on board in our reflections .
Today , I notice that , in speeches that have been made in the last two years , every European policy leader has taken up a position in favour of a European constitution .
It is therefore vital to ratify this Treaty quickly .
I am in favour of exercising pressure , I am in favour of the involvement of the EU , but I am against vague threats .
Is the Commission involved behind the scenes , or has it been party to negotiations ?
( Parliament approved the common position ) Simplified procedure - Procedure without report Amended proposal for a Council regulation concerning action against anti-personnel landmines in third countries other than developing countries ( COM(2000 ) 880 - C5-0053/2001 - 2000/0062(CNS) ) on behalf of the Committee on Foreign Affairs , Human Rights , Security and Defence Policy ( Parliament approved the proposal by the Commission ) Proposal for a Council directive amending Directives 66/401/EEC , 66/402/EEC and 66/403/EEC on the marketing of fodder plant seed , cereal seed and seed potatoes ( COM(2001 ) 186 - C5-0163/2001 - 2001/0089(CNS) ) on behalf of the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development ( Parliament approved the proposal by the Commission ) Report ( A5-0246/2001 ) by Mrs Randzio-Plath , on behalf of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs , on the recommendation of the European Central Bank for a Council regulation concerning an amendment to Council Regulation (EC ) No 2531/98 of 23 November 1998 concerning the application of minimum reserves by the European Central Bank (ECB/2001/2 - C5-0141/2001 - 2001/0805(CNS) ) ( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution ) Report ( A5-0215/2001 ) by Mr Heaton-Harris , on behalf of the Committee on Budgetary Control , on Special Report No 6/2000 of the European Court of Auditors concerning the granting by the Community of interest subsidies on loans by the European Investment Bank to small and medium-sized enterprises within the framework of its temporary lending facility , accompanied by the Commission ' s replies ( C5-0023/2001-2001/2015(COS) ) , and on the Special Report No 3/1999 of the European Court of Auditors concerning the management and control of interest-rate subsidies by the Commission , accompanied by the Commission ' s replies ( C5-0158/2001-2001/2015(COS) ) ( Parliament adopted the resolution ) Report ( A5-0237/2001 ) by Mr Lehne , on behalf of the European Parliament delegation to the Conciliation Committee , on the joint text approved by the Conciliation Committee for a European Parliament and Council directive on company law concerning takeover bids Before the vote
It means that this rickety proposal for a directive is now no longer on the table and the European Commission can quickly get down to work and work out new proposals .
Opponents want to reject this directive and would prefer to wait for a fresh proposal in the short term .
.
I reject this trade in companies and am voting against the proposal .
I regret , in all sincerity , that for these reasons I was bound to vote against .
This leads to attempts to include more forms of electricity generation with clean energy .
Soon the shareholders of banks and insurance companies start benefiting from profits , the retired bear the increased risk as a result of protective instruments being eliminated and the disadvantages of moving to a different employer or to another Member State are not resolved