Membership of the World Trade Organisation is very important , as is acceptance of the Kyoto Protocol .
Both these will help not just Russia’s development but the growth of its democracy .
In my opinion , we should combine our transport , telecommunications and energy networks with theirs .
The basic problem with it is the way it confuses concepts , which is due to the fact that the Commission has combined the Wider Europe policy and relations with our neighbours in the same initiative .
The Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party has endeavoured to clarify concepts with its Amendments 15 and 16 .
I hope these amendments will be adopted .     – Mr President , firstly I wish to congratulate Mrs Napoletano on her excellent work .
I am pleased that in her report she has treated the east and the south equally .
A major challenge for us is that we do not build a fortress around us whilst strengthening shared values and the workings of the internal market .
Promoting democracy , good governance , human rights and sustainable development in its neighbouring countries works to everyone’s benefit .
We should follow the example set by forms of cooperation that work , such as that which exists between Finland and Russia , and for neighbourhood policy to actually get some wind in its sails we have to set aside adequate resources .     – Mr President , I congratulate the rapporteur on her report on the difficult neighbourhood issue .
That way we can promote democratic development .
Our maturity , however , is measured by our skill in averting and preventing conflicts .
Let what we export be stability , so that we do not have to re-import instability .
The good news is that the Council and the Commission say the Northern Dimension is alive and well .
The issue of maritime security , or non-security , is one of them .
It was amusing to read in the minutes of the EU-Russia Summit about a fast-track feasibility study being made by the end of 2003 .
That is now six weeks away and the Lithuanians , at least according to what their former president said yesterday , know nothing about it .
Its route from the Arctic to the Baltic lacks infrastructure and it will also presumably pass through primal forest that needs protecting .
Within the framework of the TACIS programme , however , there is a substantial amount of unused resources set aside for nuclear safety projects – some EUR 180 million .
It should also be used elsewhere than in just one project .
I point the finger at Finland’s present and former governments , for example , for which cooperation in the neighbouring regions does not seem to have been or be worth the bother of initiating any powerful lobbying to spur the European Union into action .     – Mr President , I would , on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists like to thank the Commission and the Council for the EU’s Northern Dimension having become an ongoing and consistent part of European Union policy .
Its continuity is demonstrated by the fact that we are discussing the Second Action Plan .
This forthcoming programme for the period 2002 – 2006 will hopefully eliminate these problems .
This means developing the economy by exploiting the potential offered by trade and the sustainable use of natural resources .
It is good news that the Russian Prime Minister on his visit to Finland this week gave his support to European Union efforts to discontinue the use in the Baltic Sea of single-hulled oil tankers .
The New Neighbours initiative , which was being discussed here just a short while ago , will give strength to the EU’s Northern Dimension .
Added value will be afforded in particular by the new financial instrument proposed in it which , for example , will reduce bureaucracy in border cooperation .
When the Baltic countries and Poland , which have been major partners in EU external relations , join the Union they will give the Northern Dimension strength both in the EU’s internal development work and its external relations .
Within the framework of the Wider Europe Policy , the EU will still enlarge and develop its relations with its European neighbours .
It is precisely in the north that the new finance scheme could be applied as a pilot project before it is adopted generally , as is proposed in Mrs Napoletano’s report .     – Mr President , Commissioner , President-in-Office of the Council , the EU’s Northern Dimension is not the Union’s internal market policy but a neighbouring regions and foreign policy .
Besides money we also have to export social welfare and democracy to the northern neighbouring regions .
Our group supports projects to prevent the sexual exploitation of women and children and to combat the disease and social problems that poverty brings with it .
We are not pleased with the way the Commission has handled the issue of the EU’s Northern Dimension .
The same unfortunately has to be said for the countries to hold the presidency this year .
Prime Minister Berlusconi has been interested more in Russia’s warmongering dimension rather than peace , ordinary cooperation with people and their social well-being .
The draft resolution jointly proposed by the political groups is comprehensive and only needs implementing , which is the Commission ’s responsibility .     – Mr President , with ‘big’ issues like Italy ’s domestic policy dominating the EU debate , other points of the compass can get pushed into a corner .
It is for such reasons that the Northern Dimension is still awaiting its big breakthrough .
The stability of Wider Europe depends , furthermore , very much on whether we can achieve effective