becoming increasingly representative , coherent , systematic and effective .
The question of common defence policy , something which touches upon the very essence of sovereign powers , has historically always been a matter of distrust for European countries and even today it deserves particular care , and quite justifiably so .
The result of these developments could be more conflict , exploitation and poverty in response to the crisis into which capitalism has plunged the world .
The increase in the number of members of the 'nuclear club' , the terrorist threat and the relative ease with which weapons of mass destruction can be built today combine to deepen the climate of unrest in which we are now living .
Parliament expects a common and ambitious position from the European Union during the next review conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons .
Any military action or threat of the use of force will be counterproductive and will have consequences which are potentially dangerous for the region .
Let us also hope that the USA and China play an important role in the nuclear disarmament of the Korean Peninsula .
In this context , public and private investment must be increased by developing energy technologies so as to reach the desired goals of a low-carbon economy and also to help overcome the market failures referred to in the climate and energy package .
However , the courage of Madeira 's people in overcoming adversity was equally striking .
Its natural beauty and the warmth of its people await us .
We welcome the European Union 's words of solidarity for the affected regions and towns .
It is important to develop cooperation and solidarity in this area within the European Union .
On this occasion , besides expressing my sincere concern for all those who were affected by these tragedies , I urge the Commission to act swiftly in the relief effort to the most affected regions .
Capitalism is not the future of humanity .
The EU cannot have a romantic vision of the political regime in Cuba , which is a genuine communist dictatorship , based on the logic of a single party that violates human rights , oppresses its citizens , persecutes and eliminates political adversaries and imprisons countless people simply for the offence of having an opinion .
I welcome the fundamental guidelines that the communication presents on how to organise the logic of intervention between the public and private sectors and between Community , national and regional financing .
The SET Plan presented by the Commission proposes investment in R&D to develop efficient and sustainable clean energy technologies with low carbon emissions , making it possible to ensure the necessary reduction of emissions without jeopardising European industries , thus making a commitment , which we believe to be serious , to sustainable development .
Several studies estimate that promoting the European target of 20 % renewable energy penetration will result in millions of new jobs by 2020 .
The development and implementation of low-carbon technologies is extremely important not only for environmental reasons - which include the need to reduce atmospheric emissions of carbon dioxide - but also for energy reasons , considering the inevitable gradual shortage and eventual depletion of fossil fuel reserves , on which humanity is highly dependent .
The motion for a resolution contains aspects , in more detail , with which we cannot agree , particularly the promotion of 'world-wide carbon emission trading ' , given that this solution has already shown not to offer advantages in reducing carbon emissions , as well as the creation of more public-private partnerships , emphasising a 'substantive increase in the portion of public investment ' , thus using public money to serve private interests and profit .
I would therefore state that it is imperative for Europe to make a prompt response to these events , namely activation of the European Solidarity Fund , thus showing the EU 's solidarity with all those affected .
This storm also isolated several regions in Spain , particularly in the Canary Islands and Andalusia .
I welcome the motion for a resolution in which the European Commission is asked , as soon as it receives a request from the Portuguese Government , to initiate the action necessary to mobilise the European Union Solidarity Fund ( EUSF ) in the most urgent and flexible way and to the greatest possible extent .
It is vital to provide aid to people , as well as to rebuild infrastructure , public facilities and essential services .
The EU should unreservedly help in a joint effort to express solidarity , mobilising the European Union Solidarity Fund for this purpose .
I would repeat the need to call on the European Commission to mobilise the Solidarity Fund in a flexible manner , as well as to revise the regional programmes financed by the Cohesion Fund , with a view to adapting them to the requirements arising from the tragedy .
It is vital to invest in the judicial system to try and punish criminals and to ensure protection of witnesses and victims , many of them young working women caught in the wave of violence by the drug traffickers .
It has served as an example in terms of its social model and has also taken the lead on environmental issues , without equal on the global level .
This is a time that requires solidarity between the Member States and Europe 's institutions .
However , we fear that its responses are aimed mainly at the supposed sustainability of public finances , while neglecting measures aimed at social sustainability .
As such , it contributes to the adoption of the proposals that we submitted to help young people , for example , in access to employment , as is also the case with the so-called Erasmus first job initiative