I therefore agree with the opinion expressed in the resolution .
Cooperation should be fostered in order to identify successful elements of different transplantation systems and promote these on the European level , thus leading to the improvements in provision of high quality and safety of organ donation and transplantation .
I thank the rapporteur for his excellent work on the accession of the European Union to the European Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms (ECHR ) , which will be beneficial for Europe 's citizens as it will provide us with a new court that is not part of the European Union , and will ensure that the rights of European citizens are always upheld by the European Union and the Member States .
In particular , states should commit to policies aimed at collaborating with the International Criminal Court and protecting the victims of violence .
The first point then is lifelong learning ; the second , which , in our view , is of fundamental importance , is that of mobility .
I should just like to dwell on a perhaps critical aspect that has emerged in this debate , because someone emphasised how fundamental the independence of universities , freedom of research and public financing are .
The data is not encouraging : unemployment rates seem set to rise , and we are concerned that , by the age of 30 , young people with an outstanding education are not yet able to enjoy the economic autonomy necessary to form a family , to be independent , to invest in their future ; namely , to show what they are worth and grow as people .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I too would like to congratulate Mr Kirilov on the excellent work he has carried out in a field full of difficulties , but also opportunities , such as that of relations between EU countries and the countries of the South Caucasus .
Only universities that talk to the businesses in their respective regions can hope to prepare young people to enter and permanently stay in the job market .
We certainly cannot achieve better financial market regulation by introducing a new tax .
This is another reason why Europe can benefit from the prospect of a forum for dialogue with the Mediterranean countries , almost always transit countries for the majority of the illegal immigrants who reach the southern coasts of the continent .
Vice-President of the Commission . - ( FR ) Madam President , honourable Members , the situation in Burma continues to concern us .
We are also still very concerned about the human rights situation .
Furthermore , the Millennium Development Goals and a continued dialogue with the government of Burma on sectoral policies are vitally important .
There is also aid aimed at restoring socio-economic conditions in Burma .
Such procedures include the budget review , financial regulation and the Interinstitutional Agreement , implementation of the External Action Service , but above all the meltdown and the instability of financial markets .
The very meltdown that endangered the euro also demonstrated that the budget and resources are crucial to any European response , thus illustrating their importance , but also their limitations .
The development of an efficient and sustainable European transport system requires the revitalisation of rail freight , by means of coordinated action between Member States and cooperation between railway infrastructure managers to develop intermodality , market opening and the management of freight and passenger traffic .
In the compromise solutions , the Presidency in fact safeguarded the essential points indicated by Member States with regard to costs arising from implementation of the directive and the transposition period .
However , the arguments put forward are misleading and will have a detrimental effect .
Europe must not encroach on the sphere of private enterprise and must respect the requests of our regions .
We must represent consumers as best we can .
Instead of plugging the gaps as they are intended to do , the individual Member States ' additional regulations have hindered trade within the European Union internal market .
Therefore , we cannot accept approaches such as traffic light or nutrient profile labelling that give foods the green light or the red light on the basis of so-called health principles which , apart from anything else , do not take account of gastronomic traditions or local specialities .
The European institutions and , above all , the European Commission , in its draft budget for 2011 , have introduced a series of measures to support the economic recovery , including supplementing the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund , for which I am rapporteur , and which is being called upon for four important mobilisation requests , on which we are about to vote .
This is an extremely useful instrument which , between 2007 and the present day , has seen 55 requests by 17 Member States for support for 52 334 redundant workers , for whom funds totalling EUR 271.9 million have been earmarked .
The latter concerns the release of EUR 1 110 000 from the fund , a sum that would cover the EGF 's primary activities , which are monitoring and implementation studies , the creation of a knowledge base , the exchange of information and experience among Member States and European experts from the EGF , the organisation of seminars , and further development of the EGF website and publications in all European languages .
Anyone must be able to know to whom funds are allocated and , above all , to what end they are directed , while also being able to follow all stages from programming to the implementation of interventions .
Mr Tremopoulos 's report follows up the Commission Communication on the European Transparency Initiative , introducing proposals designed to promote the disclosure of data on beneficiaries of funding as well as transparency in shared management