When it comes to the public debates which have already taken place in accordance with this principle , it must however be noted that a satisfactory start has been made .
It is , in fact , a most excellent initiative by the Finnish Presidency to arrange for greater openness in the work of the Council .
Or has it only been specified points on the agenda that have been debated in public ?
We have always had some point on the agenda which has been discussed openly but the remainder of each meeting has , so far a in any case , been closed to the public , as it will continue to be during the Finnish Presidency .
As far as I know , no problems have , at least so far , arisen involving other Member States .
I also think that , at the moment , things look very promising indeed in the UN General Assembly .
At the same time , we need to ensure that there is strong support from Parliament for this action and that in the future , and in Geneva too , whenever questions affecting human rights come up , we get binding decisions adopted .
Democracy is a gift to us all .
Developments in close proximity to the European Union , namely in Belarus , are therefore deeply worrying .
Democracy is founded upon people being free to express their opinions , even if this is uncomfortable and is not appreciated by everyone .
Birgitta has also been chosen by the Pope as one of the three patron saints of Europe .
We know that people are being thrown out of hospitals and exposed to various forms of violence if they belong to the Roma population .
I hope that the present Commissioner , Mr Nielson , will present this message to Mr Hombach and his colleagues in Pristina and Thessaloniki .
The export of MOX from Sellafield in Great Britain means that both Great Britain and the EU are involved in this problem .
That is why I personally share the points of view expressed in the draft amendments submitted by the Greens .
An example of this is point 9 , because it ought to be obvious that one should not have reprocessing contracts with countries which do not comply with international standards .
All that is , in fact , completely certain is the fact that one can never be certain that nuclear power is completely safe .
The resolution contains nothing about which particular consequences for the climate the unreasonable development of nuclear power has .
This unwise strategy in my own country has also meant that Sweden has negotiated for itself a quota within the EU , on account of the EU' s commitments following the Kyoto Conference , as a result of which carbon dioxide emissions in Sweden have been permitted to increase by 4 % .
Mr President , at this time I shall be thinking of our former colleague , Ullman , who was the rapporteur when we discussed electronic signatures last time .
This was a real example of people ' s capitalism .
I support the rapporteur and am pleased about the Council ' s view that a quick decision is wanted and that constructive dialogue has taken place .
One unoriginal example which might be used to illustrate this is the fact that , if legislation in the Member States makes it a prerequisite that both parties be present simultaneously , then , in order to get married over the Internet , it is not enough for both parties to produce this type of signature .
Now , do not imagine that I have been watching too many James Bond films .
Where these matters are concerned , I hope that the Commission will establish standards which are economically correct , that this will be done in an open way and that no de facto monopoly will be created .
We know in fact that standards in the information society have precisely this degree of significance .
Mr President , it feels good to be able to say , in my first speech in the European Parliament , that the EU' s budget for the year 2000 has its sights set on a number of important processes .
In order to succeed , the enlargement of the European Union must quickly give rise to social and economic improvements for the citizens of the applicant countries .
The procedure leading towards membership for Eastern and Central European countries , among others , is a difficult one .
Employees in the new Member States have the same legitimate claims upon social entitlements and influence as we do .
Within a short period , we shall be facing what will probably be the biggest round of enlargement of the EU ever .
A number of so-called unforeseen expenses have arisen in the course of the year ' s work on the budget , and this means large demands for increased expenditure in Category 4 .
We have budget frameworks in the form of an interinstitutional agreement , signed less than six months ago .
Mr President , Mr Duisenberg , we in Sweden are relatively new to the EU , and I am new to this House .
We Liberals believe that this is needed , and without , moreover , encroaching upon the Bank ' s independence or reducing its efficiency .
They advocated a rise in interest rates but were voted down .
Similar openness would be to the advantage of the European Central Bank too .
However , Mr Duisenberg and I are clearly not properly in agreement about this argument .
I want to say too that we have today been able to see that support for EMU in Sweden has increased , which I am glad about .
I want to say to Commissioner Nielson