Transitional periods , which are a standard occurrence , even during negotiations with candidate countries , and which are being accepted or may be accepted in this case , and marginal deviations of no particular significance to the acquis , which the European Commission has said it can cope with in order to facilitate a solution to the Cyprus problem , provided of course that both the Greek Cypriot and the Turkish Cypriot sides agree , could be incorporated into the final solution without causing any particular problems to the dynamics and results of the final solution .
I have nothing against aquaculture , but I am against this sort of unaccountable development , which flouts even basic hygiene and environmental standards and , unfortunately , the more aquaculture is taken over by big business , the greater this unaccountability will become .
They fail to get to the root of the problem and address the issues which will inevitably arise in the future as these enterprises expand , such as serious hygiene problems and anything from unfortunate to disastrous environmental repercussions .
Its Member States would not be sending frigates to the Gulf and would not be accommodating US demands .
If Iraq had no black gold , frankly no one would give a damn .
We have a score to settle with him because our thousands of Iraqi comrades were his first victims .
What we must call for , therefore , is for this criminal war to be averted at all costs , with or without a UN resolution .
We are basically in the aftermath of a crisis which started back in 1979 with the Iran-Iraq war , continued with Kuwait , and is still going on today .
The principle being that every decision must be passed by the UN Security Council and the political commitment being that we must all stand united at the UN.
But every American policy does not automatically have to become European policy .
Let me ask you one simple question .
Therefore , the political autonomy of the European Union and the principles which underpin it must always be the cornerstone of mutual respect between America and Europe .
There is the issue of democracy in the Gulf , in Iraq and elsewhere , but this is not the time to go into that .
Mr President , if the European governments are unable to arrive at a common position - and the Greek Presidency 's painstaking efforts here do it credit - then we must raise a loud , clear , united voice in the European Union against this war for oil and against unilateral intervention which flies in the face of international law , the resolutions passed by the UN and global public opinion .
We in the Committee on Women 's Rights and Equal Opportunities have repeatedly emphasised the need for conflicts to be resolved by peaceful means .
The European Union is ready and waiting to offer its good services to support the negotiations currently under way .
In pursuing its current nuclear weapons programme , North Korea has broken every international agreement to which it is party , either implicitly or explicitly , and in stating that it is entitled to do so , it has failed to honour its obligations under at least four agreements , the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty , the International Atomic Energy Agency 's Safeguards Agreement , the North-South Joint Declaration on Nuclear Disarmament and the framework agreement which , if violated , undermines the agreed KEDO framework on oil supplies .
The European Union has issued a series of statements expressing its deep concern about these developments .
It was decided that the preconditions , timing and composition of the mission would be determined in the immediate future and that , in the meantime , close contacts would be maintained with the main protagonists and our main counterparts .
For its part , North Korea must understand that the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty and the International Atomic Energy Agency 's Safeguards Agreement serve the wider interests of every country and every nation and must be respected by one and all .
We again call on North Korea from this tribune to reconsider its decision and honour all its obligations under its international commitments .
On 25 June 2001 , the Council reaffirmed its commitment to promoting the European human rights policy and the policy of democratisation in third countries and issued a series of basic principles designed to bring about a more creditable , coherent , consistent human rights and democratisation policy .
We need consistency between Community action and the common foreign and security policy as well as development policy through close cooperation and coordination between the competent bodies of the European Union .
The European Union has a long history and has managed to create an area of legal security and inviolable freedoms of which we are rightly proud .
As you know , abolishing the death penalty and torture , combating discrimination against women and protecting children from exploitation are our main lines of approach .
As you know , last year was a trying time , due in part to the composition of the Commission , some of the members of which have a poor track record in human rights .
I should also like to point out that the way in which the Human Rights Commission functions reflects the complicated and difficult power struggles with which we have to work .
The COHOM working group organised its first two-day meeting on preparations for the work of the Commission two weeks ago .
I must stress that no final decisions - and hence no initiatives - have been taken .
At the same time , the European Union is moving for parts of south-eastern Europe to be transferred from item 9 to item