This increase will also challenge bus manufacturers to use alternative materials and designs to reduce the weight of the vehicle , so that buses which are longer than 12 metres but well under 15 metres can also be manufactured and registered as two-axle vehicles .
Buses would be 40 centimetres shorter .
I would appreciate clarification from the Socialists and from the Commission before taking a stance , but a two-year transitional period seems excessive to me .
However , this form of preparation , as experienced at grass roots level , is having exactly the opposite effect .
We call on them to fight for a different Europe of all the people , a Europe without this inhumane side , in which people will defend their destiny and live with each other in peace , freedom , comradeship and mutually beneficial cooperation .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the question of enlargement is a multi-faceted question and cannot be covered in two minutes .
Mr Poos brings a European vision to bear on the subject of Cyprus .
Cyprus is Europe , it is part of its history and it is time the island came into the European fold .
I would merely remind the House that , of all the candidate countries , Cyprus comes first as regards meeting the economic criteria and qualifies for immediate membership of EMU.
However , I am sure that , with good will and the help of the European Union , a solution can be found which will allow the two communities to live together peaceably and prosper , as they have done for centuries .
Let us hope that the island will soon reunite within the extended family of the European Union .
The reports are steeped in optimism and the grumblers need to make way .
Now is the time for Europe to go forward and meet its destiny and put ideological flesh on the bones of enlargement .
In this sense , I think that , if anything , it will be Cyprus on which Europe ' s ability to look itself in the face politically will be judged .
In particular , I trust and hope that , understandable difficulties notwithstanding , the negotiated procedure with Bulgaria and Romania will proceed smoothly and without delay so that , once the necessary conditions are in place , these two Balkan countries can join the European Union , thereby consolidating progress , security and peace in south-eastern Europe as a whole .
Finally , I should like to take this opportunity to endorse the thoughts and concerns of many of my fellow members regarding the need for an assiduous and long-overdue examination of the question of the borders of Europe and , consequently , of the extent of enlargement , and the need , if any , for a special report on the subject by the European Parliament .
The report by Mr Mann was adopted almost unanimously by the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs .
The directive has a second advantage in that it revalorises the experiences gained from the ban on discrimination on grounds of sex and uses the same tools and concepts , for example direct and indirect discrimination , effective legal protection and shifting the burden of proof .
This arises partly from fear and partly from a well-established tradition , which , it must be said , is one of the negative aspects of European civilisation and one of the main causes of unrest , both civil and between nations .
That is why this directive must be incorporated into our cultural development .
Implementing the directive is certain to improve the quality of life in European society .
The amendments relating to informing citizens inside and outside the workplace , informing and educating social partners and economic and social operators , and training those who work in the public sector and the legal and legislative bodies of the Member States will also be supported .
I would therefore like to take this opportunity to emphasise just how important it is that we support the attempts made by these countries to combat discrimination and to accept the multi-cultural nature of modern societies as a necessary condition for peaceful coexistence between peoples .
I just wonder how much in fact we have learned and how wiser we have become as a result of the events in the Balkans , which were primarily caused by religious fanaticism .
Commissioner , I would like to draw your attention to a very long-standing issue for whoever has been involved in research .
If it is not true , should basic research not be intensified in all countries , large or small , in line , of course , with the value placed on their centres and researchers ?
I have two questions : firstly , the term 'added value ' that you used , although this is not the first time it has been used , refers to economic criteria for the development of research and may lead to the commercialisation of research .
Does the Commission have any criteria in mind for choosing these centres of excellence ?
But the question is whether the SMEs can bear this burden without appropriate support .
How are we to interpret this ?
But you are not asking for anything like this .
I happened to be there together with 200 other election observers from 52 countries .
Regardless of the opinion one may have about the regime there , I have to say that the elections were beyond reproach .
The question is whether the leader of the opposition , Mr Kostunica , will accept the results , and whether he will go to a second round next Sunday in order to complete the elections and to give the people of Serbia , the Yugoslavian people , the opportunity to decide on their future , without