It is very good that we have once again been able to use the Court of Justice to promote the equal treatment of men and women , but things should not be taken too far through the Court .
We should ensure that it is not the judges who legislate , but the politicians .
So like the rapporteur , I am somewhat disappointed that the Commission 's proposal does not go any further than the case-law of the Court , and that the Commission has not taken any new initiatives and built on what the Court of Justice has started .
This applies , amongst other things , to pensions and coverage for part-time workers .
In terms of statistics , women are not those who are most supportive of the EU.
It has been discussed in the Social Affairs Council , where the matter has featured no less than six times on the agenda .
Denmark is known for several things in the EU context , including the fact that in Denmark , there are clear boundaries as to what is the subject of agreements between the parties in the labour market and what is actually a matter for legislation .
The fact is that every time an EU directive has to be implemented , something is lost from the right to free negotiation , since implementation is never 100 % via the negotiating route .
The rest takes place by legislation .
In Denmark , people in the construction sector in particular are extremely sceptical about the directive .
But how do things look in the other sectors ?
In the actual report by Mr Peter , it is said that a compulsory threshold is no longer specified , and then a number of provisos are mentioned .
We then have to ask the question : is this not another way of saying that there is still a threshold of up to one month ?
It is further stated in point 3 : ' The provisions on minimum paid annual holidays and minimum rates of pay may generally be waived if the amount of work is insignificant . '
When the FTF in Denmark - the union of officials and civil servants - also declares in this context that it sees the right to take industrial action as being threatened by this directive on the posting of workers , we must entirely agree with them .
We see this directive as another aspect of further harmonization in the area of agreements and in the labour market sector , and on those grounds we have to dissociate ourselves from this report .
Mr President , unemployment is the key problem , as it says in Mr Rocard 's report .
Is it the European Union , is it the Member States , or is it a case of both one and the other ?
Let me make it absolutely clear that , in my view , exchanges of ideas should always take place across national frontiers .
However , we do not wish a more binding form of cooperation to be established .
My own feeling is that the report by Mr Rocard points to some good proposals for solving the problem , including a general reduction in working hours , but this must be something that the individual Member States decide for themselves , either through legislation or as a subject for agreement between the parties in the labour market .
The Member States are being asked to pursue a policy of convergence , which means , as we know , an even greater number of unemployed people .
The Industry Council of the Labour Movement in Denmark predicts that if the timetable laid down in the Maastricht Treaty is adhered to , unemployment in the European Union will rise by about one million .
To my mind , there is no clear demarcation of the competence of the Member States and the Union in this area .
And I think it is a weakness that no such demarcation has been included in the report .
I should like to point out that it is one of the hallmarks of Danish culture that agreements on the conditions on the labour market are something for which the parties in the labour market are responsible .
Let us keep the cultural differences among the 15 countries .
Unfortunately , I did not get a reply to the last point in my question , where I ask the Commission to confirm that , once the OECD agreement is ratified , it will no longer be possible to grant state aid to the shipbuilding industry in the Union .
Secondly , I should like to hear what the Commission plans to do to ensure that the United States signs the agreement .
And finally , as I understood the Commissioner 's reply , the declaration by the Commission does not actually contain a very great deal .
Why was it so secret ?
Why was it not available to the public ?
I was really anxious that something clandestine had been going on , with secret agreements , scandals , and the like .
Mr Bangemann confirmed that there is nothing secret involved here .
The other day , we were told by the Danish minister responsible that the declaration was not important ; now I gather from the Commissioner that it really is important , which is why the declaration was adopted and no doubt also why there is a wish to keep it secret .
Does it mean that it conflicts with the text , and is that why the public must not be allowed to know about it ?
Does the Commissioner 's statement today and the stance which is being taken here mean that he regards secret declarations as acceptable , and does the Commissioner think it is good practice for citizens and businesses to be