As though we were making a film , we raise the clapper-board and shout 'action ' .
Finally I would like to thank the shadow rapporteurs , the committee chairman and the secretariat for the good cooperation we have had .
I think I would not go far wrong in calling it sustainable .
Mr President , I must say that I am also interested in an answer to the question put by Mrs Jackson , and I will add to Mrs Jackson 's remarks that I do not think the Commission has adopted the right approach with this proposal .
But the proposal has been presented .
It is therefore important that we in the European Parliament adopt amendments that do away with this paternalistic attitude and at the same time of course institute a procedure that is simple enough for us to alter facilities for the export and import of waste when countries really make it clear that that is what they want .
Mr President , I should like to thank the Commissioner for her speech .
At the same time I recall that , when we had the Rio Conference back then , we were not particularly enthusiastic over the outcome either .
But we eventually realized that the Rio Conference was good , compared with other summits .
Amongst other things , we got a Convention on Biological Diversity , and a process was set in motion with Agenda 21 .
With the aid of Agenda 21 we got a common agenda for local and regional work to promote a better environment .
Then , most important of all , we got Rio+5 .
In a wide range of areas , things went the wrong way , and the most disastrous outcome of all was that the developing countries did not get the help we had promised them .
As the Commissioner said , we did not secure a reversal of this trend at UNGASS in New York .
We must take a positive view of the situation .
It would have been much worse , for example , if President Clinton had not come on Thursday and made a certain commitment for Kyoto .
Here the EU should help him and we parliamentarians , not least , should join in putting pressure on the American Congress .
I also think it positive that we obtained a decision to make sustainable energy part of the CSD 's programme of work , and I call on the EU to play a leading role here .
Apart from that , it was a good thing that the role of the NGOs was strengthened .
There were even rumours that the UN , as part of a reform to come , will formalize the role of the NGOs in the system .
I have also tabled an amendment on the matter , because it was forgotten the first time round .
We actually had good experience with the initiative taken by the Dutch Presidency in New York , as a result of which it proved quite useful to have a dialogue .
There were the pictures from the negotiations on the Amsterdam Treaty - 15-30 men deciding and signing ; NATO enlargement : the same - men making the decisions again .
If we look for prominent women in the recent period , we are struck by the departure of two people : Mother Teresa and Diana , Princess of Wales .
The role of women is Florence Nightingale or the beautiful princess , sadly so tragically killed .
In other words there is a long way to go to equality .
A little has happened , but it is far from enough .
We have said it all before .
Looking back , a lot has of course happened , even if it is not enough .
But if they are now equal , why is that not reflected more clearly in the figures ?
Is there still an invisible glass ceiling , in other words , is it true that women are still not accepted in certain positions , or are there reasons which have to do with the practicalities of life , such as families and children ?
In any case , we women should realise that power is never given up voluntarily and that we shall never have true equality unless we women also give up some of our power .
Mr President , Madam Commissioner , oppression and discrimination against women have been the order of the day for far too long .
So it is gratifying that we have now allocated ECU 3 million a year to combat violence against women .
So to combat violence against women , it is absolutely necessary to work for more equality on a broad front .
The lack of equality between men and women is most noticeable in the world of advertising .
All too often advertising agencies crudely attempt to entice people to buy products with the help of pictures of naked or semi-naked women .
And it contributes to maintaining an outdated pattern of sexual roles .
Cross-border media such as satellite TV and the Internet are increasing in importance .
So we need international rules in this area , unless the sector begins to practice self-regulation .
If the advertising agencies are incapable of drawing the line themselves , we politicians must intervene , and in that context we are sending an important signal from this Parliament by adopting the reports by Mrs Eriksson and Mrs Lenz .
It would have become them .
First I would like to thank the Commissioner for a very satisfactory answer and generally to say thank you for the Commissioner 's work in connection with state aid .
Since I put this question , fate has decreed that a Kellogg 's breakfast cereal plant , which stands beside a shipyard which has been closed in my hometown , is now