the possible transfer of CAP funds to other policies could bring .
I voted for this report , but I am giving this explanation of vote to stress that , in paragraph 44 on the management of the market , I voted against the first part of the paragraph proposed by the rapporteur and for the second part of it , which finally sets Parliament 's decision out as favourable to Portugal 's strategic interests .
This report is about the importing of fisheries and aquaculture products by the EU and the conditions under which it should take place .
I am especially concerned about the possibility of importing genetically modified fish and bringing it to the marketplace : in my opinion its sale in the EU must be prevented .
It is therefore necessary to regulate the way in which these imports are carried out to ensure that the quality and good practice required of Community producers will also be required of third countries .
Firstly , since it is the first agreement of this kind on which Parliament has voted since the Treaty of Lisbon , I feel it could set a precedent .
As some of my colleagues have already mentioned , this is clearly a country that is not a signatory to the 1951 Geneva Refugee Convention and the European Union cannot be of two minds on this subject .
The defining of a consistent ecological network at European level , bringing together important and representative habitats - many of them under threat - is an important condition for guaranteeing the preservation of biodiversity , but is not enough in itself .
There is much to be done and invested in the policies of the European Union for the good of our biodiversity .
In its mid-term review of the implementation of the Community Action Plan on Biodiversity in 2008 , the Commission noted that 50 % of species and up to 80 % of the habitats whose conservation is a matter of European interest are in a poor state of conservation .
The digital market can potentially generate employment and trade , but it needs to overcome legal fragmentation in order to spread beyond borders , ensuring rights for consumers and increasing public confidence .
Yet this was not the only year when this has happened .
For this reason , the report states that a Community approach towards disaster prevention should have as its central concern a reduction in the current disparities between regions and Member States in this matter , especially helping to improve prevention in regions and Member States with a high risk exposure and low economic capacity .
This report is full of guidelines and recommendations ; the debate which took place within the various committees , the discussion with the shadow rapporteurs and the rapporteurs regarding the differing points of view , and the proposals which all parties made in relation to the final version of the report , have greatly contributed to this .
This only heightens their urgency .
A set of prevention measures should also be increased and receive special support , covering areas such as forests , the coastline or agricultural activities in areas affected by depopulation and at risk of natural disasters .
I would also like to stress the importance of the proposals presented by the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament , which sets out , among other things , a draft directive encouraging the adoption of an EU policy on water shortages , droughts and adapting to climate change , along with legislative proposals on forest protection and fire prevention .
The rules for calculating these own resources are set out in detail in the relevant legislation .
E-commerce can contribute to the knowledge economy , confer added value and opportunities on European companies and consumers , and improve the competitiveness of our economy in the context of the Europe 2020 strategy , including by developing and promoting new forms of entrepreneurship for small and medium-sized businesses .
The state of e-commerce is constantly changing at the moment .
The internal market for e-commerce is crucial for Europe , particularly if it is to attain the targets set out in the EU 2020 strategy .
We are facing the enormous challenge of creating a truly single online market for Europe that will allow the EU to compete in the global market .
I voted to adopt this report .
I voted for the report on completing the internal market for e-commerce .
It is therefore urgent to reinforce consumers ' security ( or their perception of it ) in relation to these transactions in order to encourage the development of a market that has huge potential , with transactions that are easier , more convenient and , in many cases , cheaper for the consumer .
Constant attention and monitoring are therefore required , prioritising the reliability of communications and transactions .
It is true that the e-commerce supply chain needs to be more transparent so that the consumer always knows the identity of the supplier , as well as the latter 's business name , geographical address , contact details and tax registration number .
The future models for the communications sector and even for e-commerce will surely be better constructed within a perspective more focused on people and their rights , and not simply subordinated to commercial interests .
It is important to ensure effective preventive action and a high level of safety in civil aviation in Europe , and to spare no efforts in reducing the number of accidents and incidents , so as to ensure public confidence in air transport .
With the EU ever more integrated , and considering that the consequences of an air accident do not just affect one Member State , it makes no sense that there is still little contact between national aviation authorities