do have liability rules for providers of certification services .
In some cases , they have turned out to be even stricter .
Fourth , will present to Parliament a report by 31 March 1999 .
That would certainly influence the market price for quota leasing to the disadvantage of the so-called 'armchair milkers' , and European milk producers and the dairy industry would , despite the quota arrangements , have the possibility of selling more dairy products on the world market without the payment of export refunds .
I was lucky , however , in my appointment as rapporteur because , Mr Fischler , I can congratulate you : the committee has approved in full the Commission 's proposal on direct support schemes and their modulation .
That would be the level set by Brussels .
Thank you , Madam President .
Ladies and gentlemen , in this parliamentary trilogue - and I should like to start on a positive note - we agree on one point : CAP reform is inevitable and necessary , and it is not only up for discussion because of imminent eastward enlargement .
We have , unfortunately , had bad experiences in the various countries in this respect .
We have also had a wide-ranging discussion in our group .
This should be clarified .
Perhaps your courage has deserted you .
Madam President , Mr Funke , we are almost namesakes !
If we promote these crops , they will enrich ecological diversity , while at the same time this would have the advantage of our not concentrating solely on cereals , cereals which we cannot sell as it is .
I invite you to go and see the President of the European Court of Auditors ; he can show you the figures .
I must of course also confess , Mr President-in-Office , that the reason why the question of cofinancing is so controversial with German farmers and the subject of such contentious debate is that they might see themselves being faced with considerable problems - in view of the transposition of the accompanying measures and the reluctance of several Länder to cofinance them - if we were to choose this approach .
It is not acceptable in its present form .
Attempts are now being made to use this problem , which undoubtedly needs to be solved sensitively , as an excuse for possibly calling Latvia 's independence into question .
Where services rendered by farmers with a view to preserving the agricultural environment go beyond good farming practice , special payment should be given , for example within the framework of Regulation 20/78 .
I do not agree with the assessment given by Commissioner Fischler this morning .
Incidentally , it is the smaller farmers who have so far been most willing to accept change and to approach it positively .
Compensatory payments , introduced in the 1992 reform , are almost always really only partial compensation for losses incurred by farmers in the past and still today as a result of price reductions .
In my small country the proposals in their present form would result in income losses of LUF 650 million , and would of course mean that agriculture would , quite unreasonably , be dependent on public finance .
The Commission recognises the need to adjust to the world market .
However , he also promised support for European farmers .
Then we will be in agreement .
Of course snow falls in the beautiful Tyrol , in the almost as beautiful Allgäu and also in beautiful Lower Saxony , and then the cows just have to be brought into their stalls .
Since mainly small farms are involved we would need to introduce greater support for cooperatives in this area .
I would ask you not to insist excessively on animal welfare , which essentially has nothing to do with appropriate ways of keeping animals .
I think we can say that the EU Agriculture Council has essentially succeeded in dealing with the new EU eco-regulation .
However , the discussions which you mentioned have not been concluded and , therefore , the outcome you indicated is not the case either .
In connection with enlargement , I should also like to tell you that in the opinion of the presidency , there is full agreement on the need to resolve the institutional problems by the time the first accessions take place .
This matter is of the utmost importance for the German Presidency , and I am grateful to see that this is also an extremely important issue for Parliament .
I am grateful to Mr Salafranca for expressing these concerns .
I am grateful to you for this , and I can assure you that the information which you have just given me , and the political problem to which you refer , will be taken into account during the current negotiations .
It is merely in a position to exert an influence - by continuing the intensive political dialogue which has already been started with Algeria - on the improvement of relations with regard to democracy , human rights , rule of law , and fair social development .
As far as I can see , however , we have been overtaken by events .
The actual place of supply of the services to which the expenditure relates is not the key element here .
I welcome harmonisation of the rules governing deductions for expenditure of a dual business and private nature - on company cars or business trips , for example .
Serious distortions of competition arise because of the differences in the way Member States treat tourism companies in respect of the right to deduct value added tax .
We also have a proposal on translation costs .
Mr Malerba illustrates the situation very well in his report .
Greater international cooperation between administrative authorities and more financial resources are called for .
