I believe that Turkey must be required to comply fully with the Copenhagen criteria and make progress towards a more democratic society which treats its minorities with greater respect .     Madam President , I would like to draw attention to something which I believe to be extremely important .
Let us look at demography .
We recognise that it is necessary to reduce the quantity of waste produced and achieve the highest possible levels of reuse of materials , and that all possibilities for dealing with waste are valid , provided that they are sustainable .
The European Union has made considerable progress , but much remains to be done .
I would like the 20 % referred to in the motion for a resolution to be achieved , but the method that can contribute most to achieving it is unquestionably improving energy efficiency .
The current legislature is coming to an end , but I am sure that hydrogen will be one of the great subjects of debate in the coming months and all these initiatives can contribute to achieving the most ambitious objectives for renewable energies and , ultimately , for the environment .
I would ask that this request be considered , since I believe it to be very reasonable , and , in any event , I would ask that the vote we were going to hold tomorrow on prior referral to the Court of Justice be delayed until the day after tomorrow , when we have heard the Commission ’s speech .     Mr President , I would firstly like to congratulate the rapporteur on his report and point out that I am speaking on behalf of the Group of the European People’s Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats and on behalf of a fellow Member who has not been able to speak .
As we know , there was an initial stage of indecision , during which the rapporteur thought that the directive was being modified in committee , which led this proposed directive being referred back to the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market , but , fortunately , we managed to resolve the issue and finally the rapporteur decided , in agreement with us , to present it once again with a series of amendments .
In the definitions and above all in the adherence to certain basic principles , such as , for example , the APR – Annual Percentage Rate – which is a concept we have developed here , and we must prevent it from being replaced by other criteria which are much more difficult to understand .
We citizens do have to repay what we owe , but our debts are more than we can afford .     .
Mr President , ladies and gentleman , the regulation which is the subject of Mr Seppänen’s report is a most important element of European legislation aimed at completing the task of creating a fully operational competitive European market in natural gas .
Indeed , both the second directive on the internal market in gas and the proposed regulation are based on the principles of non-discrimination , transparency and competition .
All this has been the subject of debate at the Madrid Forum for a year .
It also means that no restrictions can be placed either on its movement within the various Member States of the Union .
The Commission is open to proposals emphasising the role of the sector here and now and in the future .
On the occasion of the Council held on 15 December 2003 , the Commission issued a statement reserving its position on the change of legal basis .
The Member States are charged with defining a policy to ensure the security of gas supply .
The Commission therefore regrets that the Council saw fit to come to a different conclusion , and that it now appears Parliament will do likewise .
Consequently , I shall focus on the various views expressed and on the amendments to Mr Seppänen’s report .
The same would be true of its possibilities .
What is at issue is facilitating competition , not only competition between the various countries but also within them .
Consequently it also allays concerns about future difficulties relating to new investment .
Amendment No 3 could prove helpful in this regard .
Future user contracts must therefore be based also on the ‘use it or lose it’principle .
The latter was set up at the request of the Madrid Forum .
Consequently , Amendment No 31 is not acceptable .
Personally , I have valued your help , ladies and gentlemen , and also the Commission ’s constant support .
Nevertheless , our goal is in sight and we are moving slowly but surely towards it .
By way of example , I could mention the promotion of renewable energies , energy efficiency in buildings , issues related to biofuels , the creation of intelligent energy , Eco-design and energy efficiency .
Good progress has been made .
On the other , the various environmental issues related to products .
We appreciate that the correct implementation of these proposals could prove extremely beneficial to all parties .
Energy consumption is one of the main ways in which products interact with the environment .
At this point , however , I should like to say how very constructive I feel the debates in the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Policy and in the Committee on  Industry , External Trade , Research and Energy proved .
I agree with the honourable Members who pointed out that presenting an overview of the whole process is the best way to avoid deluding ourselves .
As many honourable Members have pointed out , the matter is urgent .
I endorse this view , and hope you will too .
This represented a complex first step that was only taken recently .
I believe Mr de Roo , the rapporteur , fully appreciated the need to ensure the linking directive was very flexible .
I have