the European Ombudsman , and we came to the conclusion that the activities which Mr Nikiforos Diamandouros carried out in 2008 served the institution and the obligations which derive from it consistently , seriously and effectively .
We feel that this will vindicate not only the institution of the European Ombudsman and , indirectly , the institution of the ombudsmen in the Member States , but also a stronger role for the European Parliament , which controls and elects him .
Bearing in mind the idiosyncrasies of the budgetary procedure , we must secure approval of transitional guidelines during forthcoming meetings with the Council , pending approval of the legal texts provided for in the new treaty .
Approval of the minutes of the previous sitting : see Minutes Mr President , we are fast approaching the crucial Copenhagen Summit and there is little time left .
It is an ambitions resolution which confirms the importance which the European Parliament attaches to the question of climate change .
In order to achieve this objective , action is needed both by developed and developing countries .
However , we face major challenges .
We also expect the United States , eight full years after they walked out of Kyoto , to take their share of the responsibility .
Now is the time that the European Union is being called upon to set an example and confirm its leading role .
This morning , there were reports in the news that the United States would be submitting its proposal for reductions and - I hope - funding .
As far as action by developed countries is concerned , unfortunately , progress is not satisfactory .
Spain , Australia and Norway have improved their commitments .
Of course , this does not mean that they will not be able to set specific quantitative targets in Copenhagen .
Whatever else happens , developing countries will have to make a contribution , with the emphasis on developing an economy with low carbon dioxide emissions .
We also want this agreement to be a global agreement that covers all elements of the Bali action plan , incorporates progress made to date and contains quantitative factors for reductions in emissions and funding .
Within this framework , funding is a decisive factor .
This close cooperation will continue in the run-up to Copenhagen and I must say that I am delighted that Parliament will be represented by a strong delegation .
For example , I cannot understand why anyone would be opposed to clean , green , non-polluting industries based on new technologies which perform well .
I should also like to comment on the World Environmental Organisation .
I should also like to talk about the Kyoto Protocol , which was referred to several times .
I shall quote just one statistic : between 1990 and 2007 , the period for which we have statistics , economic growth was 44 % and the reduction in carbon dioxide emissions was 5 % for the 15 countries and 9 % for the 27 .
Following consultations by ECOFIN , the Environment Council and the European Council , we now have clear instructions to promote specific proposals for sources of financing , for operational structures and for the criteria which must be used in order to determine serious contributions by everyone .
These foundations are mainly ambitious commitments to reduce emissions on the part of developed countries , including the United States , adequate measures by developed countries to reduce their increase in emissions and financial assistance to developing countries to moderate their emissions and adapt to climate change .
All these elements need to be agreed in Copenhagen on a binding basis and immediately afterwards , in the next three to six months at the latest , the legalities will need to be processed , so that we have the binding agreement the European Union has been seeking and which will safeguard the target of limiting the greenhouse effect to 2° Celsius .
The decision by the European Parliament promotes capitalist restructurings that will enable companies to grow to gigantic proportions and develop the 'green economy ' , so that they will reign supreme at European and global level , thereby multiplying their profits to the detriment of the workers and users of their services .
The monopolies are being given legal rights to monitor and restrict users ' access to the internet .
Mr President , we support the strategically important Euromed partnership and the consolidation of political , economic and cultural cooperation and peace , security and stability in the area in general .
I would particularly emphasise the need to incorporate social and environmental privileges and plant health standards which need to accompany the opening of the markets .
The Greek Communist Party is opposed to and voted against the amendments to adapt the European Parliament 's Rules of Procedure to the provisions of the Treaty of Lisbon .
It has proven its devotion to the reactionary policy of the EU , its support for the interests of the monopolies , its role as the body which gives allegedly legal credence to the anti-grassroots policy of the EU.
There are numerous positive points in the resolution , such as the EU 's commitment to granting EUR 30 billion a year up to 2020 to meet the requirements of developing countries in the field of moderating the impact of and adapting to climate change .
The enhanced risks to the environment and health and particularly dangerous climate changes , with the overheating of the planet , are the result of industrial development based on capitalist profit and commercialisation of land , air , energy and water .
In order to plan and implement a development course which will help to balance the relationship between man and nature and satisfy grassroots needs , we need , in the final analysis , to overturn capitalist relations of production .
