Regrettably , many ships from Europe also end up on the shores of India , Pakistan and Bangladesh , for example , in this way .
The Committee on the Environment specifically proposes the following .
At this moment in time , we cannot concentrate on one of these two issues alone .
Last Thursday , the Otopan left the Netherlands for Turkey after the authorities had had the ship cleaned , as a result of which all of the hazardous waste was removed .
Amongst other things , Mr Blokland opts to follow the route of more stringent international legislation .
We do not simply allow other hazardous waste to leave the EU without guarantees with regard to the way in which it is going to be processed , and so there is no reason why we should do so with ships for scrapping .
I am happy that the Commissioner is also thinking along these lines .
Mr Matsakis also asked what my objection is to his amendment .
It is good to have all the relevant scientific information on climate change collected in this report .
However , it is also clear that Turkey presents a mixed picture and that much more needs to be done , not just to comply with the agreements with Europe , but also to fulfil promises to its own people .
Prime Minister Erdoğan has promised that 2008 will be the year of reforms and we shall be pleased to hold him to that .
The government now has to use the substantial parliamentary majority to set about reforms with determination ; reforms that are vital if Turkey is to be turned into a modern and prosperous democracy based on a secular state and a pluralistic society and reform that is first and foremost in the best interests of the Turkish people themselves .
The new constitution is the only way in which the Turkish Government can reform the country and establish the separation of religion and state and a state under the rule of law , in order to gain new public trust .
One important objective is to bring more women into the labour market , because participation in the economy is badly needed to strengthen the position of women .
It is claimed that we do not understand Turkey properly , that we do not really realise what is going on in Turkey .
What I also do not really understand is why it was impossible for the authorities to distinguish between rioters and trade unions seeking to exercise their democratic rights .
( Parliament agreed to accept the oral amendment ) Voting time on behalf of the PSE Group . - ( NL ) I shall begin by complimenting the Commissioner on behalf of my Group .
Tens of thousands are still missing and the number displaced is over two million .
So area Russia and India which must put pressure on the junta either in the UN or in ASEAN.
One point four million victims have still not received any help .
I think the best alternative is the Security Council .
Mr President , aid must be brought to the Burmese people , with or without the consent of the junta .
Therefore we appeal to other EU countries to follow their example and submit health reports in line with the UN request .
We call on the Commission and Council to make sure that an international treaty will be established as soon as possible .
Since there is no difference between products from vaccinated and non-vaccinated animals , the sale of such products needs to be guaranteed , both inside and outside the European Union .
People travel more and carry products that they are not supposed to and that can cause outbreaks .
I am not impressed by the attempts the Commission is making to convince supermarkets , consumer organisations and so on that products from vaccinated animals are just as good as those from non-vaccinated animals .
Under European law , that has to be done .
A well-known song in the Netherlands starts with the words , ' An animal is more than a piece of meat and a person is more than a consumer '.
We therefore have to avoid transporting animals as much as possible , shortening and improving the transport , also because of the enormous distress it causes to the animals .
The government is also responsible for driving out the originally non-Arab population .
Obviously we are trying to keep the prospect of that open in the resolution , but in the current situation there is little cause for optimism . author . - ( NL ) Mr President , just like Sudan , which we were discussing earlier this afternoon , Burundi is an ethnically divided land , with long-standing disharmony between the various population groups .
Even after independence , a lasting solution was never found to the old differences .
Firstly , the role of our Parliament in foreign and defence matters ; secondly , the very great responsibility of all Member States to establish a coherent and effective foreign and security policy ; and , finally , the need for us to continue combating the proliferation of nuclear weapons and working towards general arms control .
An affirmative decision was made and then it took weeks to gather the troops and all the material .
Such things do great damage to our credibility , and I hope , therefore , that we shall all make huge efforts to ensure the least possible chance of this happening again in the future .
I shall not discuss economic cooperation , as Commissioner Verheugen has already touched upon that point and we had an extensive debate on the issue a few weeks ago .
I share the criticism regarding the lack of agreement thus far in relation to visas and the