large enough to create the leverage conditions expected by the EIB .
I rest my case .
We go on repeating that cohesion policy is essential to Europe’s overall dynamism .
The cohesion policy needs to be able fully to bear fruit as a result of the urban sectors participating fully in it .     Mr President , like all my fellow Members who spoke before me , I would pay tribute to the quality of the work done by Mrs Krehl , and I should like to join with her in emphasising the major importance of the objective of territorial cohesion , which I think is crucial to the future of our European Union .
Yet , as we were able to recognise in our debates , those responsibilities are shouldered by a variety of partners .
We have just spent a year witnessing a significant struggle aimed at obtaining a fund to preserve the biodiversity falling under Natura 2000 , and we have failed .
The European Union will never , of course , succeed in preventing all natural disasters , but our duty is to help the Europeans who are hit by these tragedies and to coordinate our efforts more effectively in such cases .
Only another kind of Europe , founded on the sovereignty of its nations and on free cooperation , will enable our countries to benefit from genuine economic and social growth .     . I voted in favour of the excellent report by my colleague , Mr Berend , on the proposal for a regulation , at first reading , of the European Parliament and of the Council on establishing the European Union Solidarity Fund .
On the other hand , Article 97 , which requires European governments to be even more tolerant than at present with regard to non-European immigration , jeopardises the human rights situation in our very own countries .
Even though they claim to be defenders of democracy and human rights , they were sadly unable to resist demonstrating , in this House , their solidarity with their Chinese Communist comrades .     .
I will nonetheless vote in favour of the resolution proposed , but I believe that we should not mix up the various problems .     .
Here is another result : what do the people polled think about the role played by the European Union in fifteen or so areas ranging from environmental protection to the fight against terrorism , via social policy , with the protection of social rights only appearing at the end of the list ?
It is only by accepting real changes , not only institutional ones , but also ones related to economic , social and political lines of action , that we will have the opportunity to breathe life back into the European dream .     Mr President , personally , I find it very positive and very encouraging to see , at last , a European head of government pleading , committing himself and even campaigning , in an excellent book that I recommend to you , for a revival of European integration .
It is that , for once , Heads of State or Government should put aside their political scheming and ulterior motives in order to place themselves , quite simply , at the service of the general European interest as a matter of urgency .     Mr President , Mr Verhofstadt , I should like , while thanking Mr Verhofstadt for his excellent and determined speech , to look again at two aspects .
First of all , and I think Mrs  Frassoni has already said this : ‘yes ’ to the continuation of the ratification process .
We go , therefore , to the end with as many ratification procedures as there are countries , that is to say not 25 but 27 with the Romanians and the Bulgarians , whom we are always forgetting because their accession is as good as ratified , as it is included in the Treaty .
What had to be done , therefore , in order to retain the four-fifths concept ?
All these things are obvious and constitute , indeed , the first track to be followed .
We are pleased , therefore , to note that the rapporteur has taken into account the entire opinion of the Committee on Culture and Education .
I should like Mrs Mann’s excellent report to be amended in light of this .     . – Madam President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I should like to thank all my colleagues for their contribution to this text and for their efforts to find a solution .
On the eve of the second reading , only a few differences of opinion remained .
Under the terms of this article , it would be impossible to conduct research in order to develop a paediatric indication .
Finally , in relation to the provisions on risk management and pharmacovigilance , we must be careful to ensure they are properly implemented and , if necessary , be ready to amend our text .     . – Mr President , Commissioner , thank you for setting out the Commission ’s views so clearly .
We know that culture is always the poor relation in budgetary terms .
European citizens must be able to gain access to the cultures of other European and non-European countries , particularly their neighbours .
The European Parliament has been concerned by this for years , and regularly publishes reports piously wishing for blessed egalitarian resolutions : incredibly labyrinthine systems and hot-air factories , as you will all appreciate .
It is unbearable !
What can we do now about all this ?
Your report also addresses the question of women in conflicts and as peace-builders from many different angles .
I very much support this approach because women cannot only be seen as victims