As you will gather from what I have already said , I believe that thanks to all the political groups working so well together , and to the rapporteur 's flexibility , we have produced a helpful amendment to the Commission 's text .
Mr President , as has already been stated , the European People 's Party supports the amendments concerning freedom of movement for workers .
In keeping with this effort , I suggested in my letter to you that the Members of the European Parliament should open a special account .
Secondly , I should like to express my group 's concern over the arrest in Italy of Mr Abdullah Ocalan , who is in danger of being extradited to Turkey .
This issue has been much debated and has awakened great interest in international forums as well as in the Council of Europe and the OECD.
I would therefore like to stress the need for interinstitutional cooperation to smooth the way towards solutions that would be of real benefit to our citizens .
I also believe it is important to repeat here in the House and for the benefit of the sector and the patients themselves , that the work would be facilitated and the trials harmonised with a fairly efficient system .
In any case , this discharge will result in important methods and tools becoming available to Parliament in terms of the financial control of other institutions , notably the Commission .
You have also presented very detailed conclusions as to the number and nature of substantive errors in the Structural Funds .
Madam President , by this stage I think all the main debates concerning the employment situation in Europe have now come through the worst .
This will allow greater flexibility in the management of working time and will replace overtime .
It concerns the strong resistance to geographical mobility within the Union and between regions of the Member States , both on the part of those seeking their first job and the unemployed .
Secondly , I think it is unfortunate that when comparing - benchmarking - job creation in Europe and in the United States , the experience gained by this Parliament was not drawn upon .
Mr President , as documented in Mr van Velzen 's report , it seems to have been established that there is no direct connection between economic prosperity and job creation .
This stability plan is more concerned with monetary stability than with the stability of employment .
It contains sound proposals , is in touch with reality , unpretentious and contains several innovative ideas .
As stated in the report , the authorities must adopt economic policies that will strengthen or promote growth resulting from investment , generate consumer confidence and maintain domestic consumer demand .
Mr President , I take the floor to make clear my support for Mrs Mann 's report .
I believe that we are and must continue to be partners on equal terms .
If we do , I am sure we will be listened to .
In any case , power must be vested in the bodies , and we need to learn to use them to resolve conflicts .
We support the report , trust that deadlines for achieving the objectives are set and that we will find the way of enjoying the best possible relationship with our friends in the United States .
Issues as important as the protection of databases , the protection of patents and intellectual property were omitted from the negotiations .
This is the case , for instance , when the European Union asks the World Trade Organisation to set up a panel to deal with extraterritorial legislation , as was the case for the Helms-Burton Act .
The day after the General Affairs Council at which the terms of the Transatlantic Summit 's declaration on extraterritorial legislation , and more specifically , the Helms-Burton Act , were noted , you appeared before this Parliament 's Committee on Foreign Affairs , Security and Defence Policy .
Moving on to my second point , Commissioner , I would like you to confirm that you did have the opportunity of meeting with the Chairman of the Congressional Foreign Affairs Committee , Senator Gilman , and also with Congressman Bob Menéndez during your latest visit to Washington .
That is the major difference in terms of this debate with the Delors stage , when successive increases in both resources and the size of the Structural Funds were proposed .
We are also concerned about the introduction of cofinancing since it does not solve the problems .
Our contributions , which tomorrow will be taken on board by the entire Parliament , define and improve the Commission 's proposals .
In short , it means more development , employment and welfare .
Finally , the report includes a broad development of specific business activities aimed at promoting small and medium-sized enterprises and cooperation between enterprises , services for enterprises , renewable energy sources and respect for the environment .
Commissioner , the fisheries sector needs a serious , rigorous , single and horizontal structural regulation that covers all its measures and gives legal certainty to its potential beneficiaries .
In the Commission 's document we support the concentration of the Structural Funds with the aim of making them more efficient , and we also agree with the simplification of procedures in order to bring more transparency to the management of the Funds .
In addition , its action involving the candidate countries must be strengthened .
Unfortunately , we can see that this is what is happening if we examine the Commission 's proposal with regard to Objective 1 .
Logically , this immediately begs the question : why does the Commission consider low population density as a handicap great enough to merit qualifying for Objective 1 , but only