Other members of the EPP Group have already explained the reasons why we are in favour of supporting the text without amendment , even though we should have very much liked to have seen more substantial progress in many areas .
So I wonder what the point of the decision was .
We of Alleanza Nazionale believe that we should call a spade a spade , to avoid confusion and misunderstanding and to show the younger generations that the word 'liberty ' is irreconcilable with the communist idealogy , because of its totalitarian nature and its repression of any individuality which does not fit and cannot be made to fit .
Although it is true that the strengthening of the present weak state of integration cannot and must not be obstructed , it is equally true that , by substantially improving the efficacy of the decision-making process , we shall be able to present the public with a Union which is more dynamic and more consistent in its operation .
This is naturally a cause for concern , after nearly a year 's work by the Intergovernmental Conference .
In that case , democracy in Europe would diminish rather than increasing .
The problem we need to confront , therefore , is whether the draft Treaty does or does not give the impression of representing a convincing move in that direction .
I believe there are no doubts on this point , and it is important that the document should address it .
I speak for my Group when I say that we must call firmly upon the Council to support it and , in particular , to declare its own explicit support for this line , and to encourage and promote the efforts of the group of senior representatives of the Finance Ministers in their global examination of taxation policies , including the way they relate to other Community policies .
All this goes to show that our culture is unable to emphasize good aspects without the absence of the bad , without attacking the negative .
Mr President , while offering my congratulations to Mrs Lalumière I feel compelled to point out serious contradictions in some of our decisions .
To retain a larger political grouping ?
Again , when we say that children 's rights and interests must take precedence over those of adults , we are trying to apply the principle of solidarity whereby society must offer some of its own strength to strengthen the weakest .
One thinks , for example , of a little child which , having lost its parents , has a grandfather or a grandmother or an uncle with whom to live ; one thinks , too , of a person who marries a woman , perhaps a widow , who already has a child ; in this case the effect of adoption is to make the woman 's child the child of the man also .
We must say 'no ' to contractual forms of adoption ; it is necessary that the intermediary function in international adoption should always lie with authorized bodies .
Admittedly , unfortunate episodes can occur even in a traditional family - cases of incest and maltreatment , for example - but , as always , such cases are the exception , to be prosecuted under the criminal law , not the rule .
Is it a supreme value , or is it still a utility value ?
The requirements and regulations for which Mr Casini 's report calls are directed towards that end , but are contradicted only in the point that refers to a right to adoption .
This gives rise to many different considerations relating to adoption by singles .
I should point out that in Italy , as Mrs Zimmermann says , ' Telefono azzurro ' has been in operation for ten years - the tenth anniversary of its introduction will be celebrated during 1997 .
Unfortunately , I believe this is still not the case .
That concept , as it is understood today , could involve the application of the directive on the contracting-out of services , causing an adverse impact on employment , the flexibility of the job market and competitiveness .
It is necessary , then , to restrict the scope of this concept .
We must avoid giving the impression that we merely want to keep things as they are .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , Commissioner , the directive on bathing water quality , approved as far back as 1976 , can now be seen to be clearly out of date ; so it is only right that it should be revised .
The 1976 directive referred to areas frequented by an appropriate number of bathers , and this phrasing made it possible to consider over 16 , 000 bathing areas within the Union .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , in the context of the review of Community legislation on water quality , and in accordance with the Council 's conclusions of December 1993 , the present proposal introduces substantial changes by comparison with directive 80/778 which is currently in force .
Since water is the most widespread of all substances , it is important that it should be completely clear for the protection of the consumer .
Mr President , Directive No 778/8 0 on drinking water laid down for the first time a series of mandatory requirements for drinking water quality which would apply to every country in the Community .
It would be a good moment , however , for the Commission to demonstrate to us that replacing lead or copper piping with plastic is definitely better for human health .
I therefore request that the vote be postponed to the next part-session , in January , so that all Members can be present and the debate can be given the weight and importance it deserves