The amendments adopted by the committee , however , do not as yet go far enough , as has been said here in a good number of speeches .
Member States must be able to decide freely on the organisation of security stocks .
That is why Member States should be able to determine and decide when it is permissible to site oil stocks in another Member State without jeopardising security of supply .
Siting security stocks abroad must , however , be carried out on the basis of contracts between the countries and in compliance with current practice .
To improve security of supply it is also important to ensure that there is a diversity of energy sources and an even distribution of energy providers .
Mr President , I would like to thank the rapporteur .
Of course , copyright already protects software codes .
We support small-scale entrepreneurship in this sector .
From the outset my opinion of the directive has been critical .
There have to be quite a number of amendments made to the report , however , before it can be adopted .
Patent processing times are very long and application is expensive .
I am in favour of open interfaces .
Algorithms , business prototypes and computer programs should not be patentable as such .
Patents on computer-implemented inventions are virtually useless as data sources if the source code is not published .
I hope that tomorrow 's vote will have a favourable outcome and that as many of my fellow Members as possible will show their support for a creative and innovative European software industry .
Payment appropriations account for just 0.99 % of GDP , or , in terms of cash , EUR 11.4 billion below the financial perspective .
It will facilitate the monitoring of EU activity .
The costs associated with each policy area are clearly visible .
Efficiency can be more easily assessed , as can the relation between achieved results and money spent .
Year in , year out , Parliament struggles to adapt the budget to the financial frameworks .
The Council has had a strict view on posts in the Commission that are required for enlargement .
Our group supports the priorities that Mr Mulder has proposed .
We are worried about funding for human rights , as we are too about funding in respect of the International Court of Justice in the Hague .
We should also step up cooperation with our new neighbours within the framework of the Wider Europe programme , and the administration of appropriations connected with that should be simplified .
The Union does not seem to have any ambitious plans to support social cohesion between Member States .
The Commission is underrepresented in this parliamentary debate .
The President-in-Office of the Council had no clear idea regarding a reduction in outstanding commitments .
The Commission should have .
If they have come about owing to the inaction of the Commission , that is a matter of failing to carry out the will of the budgetary authorities .
Reconstruction aid for Iraq will probably be charged to next year 's budget .
Our group takes a very critical view of that .
Objects of criticism by many members of our group in the end are the expenditure associated with the common foreign and security policy and the funding of Europe-wide political parties .
One feels the EU is pushing for liberalisation of the markets and the development of privatisation , and hence , the neo-liberal 'made in the USA ' policy .
Mr President , firstly I wish to thank Commissioners Schreyer and Kinnock for their successful reform of the Commission and the reshaping of the Financial Regulation connected with it .
How to improve activity-based management is a continual challenge .
Parliament will only decide how much money is available in a particular administrative area .
As regards financial management , we have to be able to establish exactly what we require of the careful management of finances .
Different organisations and NGOs make up their own areas of specialisation , which the European Parliament has given its support to .
To be honest , access to them on the part of organisations has been on an arbitrary basis .
This measure must be implemented as soon as possible .
Two multiannual programmes that become effective from the start of next year are an indication of that .
Now we have to ensure that the programmes get the necessary level of funding .
Likewise , we must guarantee the financing of the European Year of Education through Sports and improve opportunities for youth organisation activities in the new Member States .
Switching to an activity-based budget will mean the opportunity to establish a legal basis for the financing of European cultural organisations .
Madam President , Commissioners , Union support is needed in energy policy for the Trans-European Energy Network , the Intelligent Energy - Europe programme , sustainable energy systems and also nuclear safety projects .
If we support the diverse use of local renewable energy resources we will improve security of energy supply and reduce dependence on imports .
Only three of the 14 Essen projects have been finalised , and in the summer Mr Van Miert 's group listed a number of new TEN-T projects .
The Union , for its part , must set aside the necessary funds for both the old and the new projects and take account of the needs of an enlarging Union .
Transport connections in the peripheral regions are a vital necessity .
Old age these days no longer means poverty , because statutory public pension schemes and the private occupational pension schemes and private insurance policies that supplement them are a guarantee to many Europeans that they can maintain their standard of living even after retirement .
These are the ever-increasing life expectancy rate combined with low birth rates , substantial long-term unemployment and people