Our group 's proposed amendments to the report are based on the principle that no concessions be made on the environment , but that no artificial barriers be constructed either .
It is also a fact that the negotiations on the pipeline have been politicised to such an extent that there is a danger of the matter itself remaining a side-issue .
Finland has experienced pressure from Russia in the form of duties on timber , but at least for the time being the Finnish government has not bound this matter up with the gas pipeline project .
Russia has not ratified the Espoo Convention on the Baltic .
He has dealt with this difficult topic thoroughly and from various angles .
Improving the security situation is an essential requirement for all development , but a military solution alone will not remove the complex problems of the country , as the rapporteur stated .
All this also requires greater contributions by the European Union to supporting and reconstructing Afghanistan .
The development and freedom to act of independent , pluralistic means of communication are extremely important in this work .
There is still a lot of work to do in this area in Afghanistan . on behalf of the PPE-DE Group . - Madam President , I completely agree with the Commission and Council assessment on sovereign wealth funds .
These funds have become more visible again in a time of financial crisis involving multiple banks and investment firms as they stepped in to provide much-needed capital injections to some of these firms .
The capital that sovereign wealth funds bring to the global market is needed to keep investment flowing .
Due to their size and resources , sovereign wealth funds are able to invest where funds are sometimes desperately needed but where others cannot or will not invest .
While there is some concern today with the rising economic power of some oil-rich countries as well as countries such as China and the implications of this , the response to this unease should not be the exclusion of these countries from global financial and investment markets .
On the contrary , Europe should welcome the inflow of funds coming from these states and their investment funds .
If political objectives drive their investment strategies - however , this has not been the case - there is no evidence that sovereign wealth funds would have caused any major crisis .
The basic principle of financial markets and corporate governance regulations should be the same treatment of all actors involved in similar activities .
Your debate takes place while the EU is reflecting on the situation created by the Irish 'no ' . At the same time , the course of events in south-eastern Europe reminds us of our immediate responsibility to promote stability and democracy on the European continent .
The Commission shares many points of the report , including integration capacity , which is definitely an important issue to be taken into account in EU enlargement .
I note with interest the report 's proposal on a European Economic Area Plus for relations with countries that are not part of the current enlargement agenda .
Yet for the Western Balkans and Turkey , which have a clear membership perspective , the EU must not impose new intermediate stages before candidacy or accession .
It is a powerful message : the EU keeps its word .
With regard to Turkey , last year we kept the process alive together and muddled through very troubled waters .
Sadly , we have not seen such revitalisation , for reasons mainly internal to Turkey .
We in the EU want to continue the process according to the terms defined in the negotiating framework .
I sincerely hope that calm and reason will prevail , so that Turkey can avoid stagnation and instead make progress and continue on its European journey with a clear sense of direction and determination .
The Commission strongly condemns the violent armed attack in Istanbul this morning .
We cannot take any sabbaticals from this work for peace and prosperity that serves the fundamental interest of the European Union and its citizens .
We are lucky that in this House the only prisoners left seem to be my friend , Elmar Brok , and myself , as publicly announced on the table .
( Laughter ) I would like to thank the Members for a very substantive and responsible debate today .
I am glad that the Brok report and today 's debate essentially endorse the renewed consensus on EU enlargement , which was achieved in December 2006 - not least because of the events in 2005 .
I only said that we should not prejudge the future as regards Ukraine .
This debate and the report find a solid third way by combining both a deepening of political integration with the gradual widening of the European Union .
Meanwhile , the Indian authorities and the government at central level remain silent on the report .
We have also received information that the lawyer Pervez Imroz and another NGO activist who investigated the charges of human rights violations in Kashmir were subjected to intimidation and harassment on 20 and 21 June .
The Presidency has contacted the resident Commissioner of Indian-administered Kashmir in New Delhi and has expressed the EU 's concerns over the situation .
There is progress but much more progress is needed , especially in the field of human rights .
Yet , since Bangladesh is under a state of emergency , we will be monitoring closely whether the progressive lifting of restrictions to the exercise of civil and political rights allows credible free and fair elections .
Restrictions to the exercise of fundamental freedoms must be limited to what is strictly necessary to guarantee security .
Member of the Commission . - Mr President , the European Union is firmly opposed to the use