Central Bank while strengthening its democratic accountability .
And it recommends monitoring the formal economic coordination carried out by the Euro-11 Council by means of legitimate democratic machinery , and participation by national parliaments in monitoring EMU.
It should be the European Parliament that supervises the executive actions of the Union , in a seamless and close connection with national parliaments .
I think that first and foremost we have to explain to the citizens of Europe , as a matter of urgency , the kind of Europe we have and the kind of Europe we want .
I think especially that the rapporteur 's proposals on reorganising the Council 's business are a step in the right direction .
In the Council , given its governmental role , the original balance between small and large countries should be maintained .
As a result of that legitimate and well-founded accusation , the European Parliament 's powers have been increased as each successive new Treaty has been approved .
We certainly want a more efficient Union , but we also want a Union that is not so much a bureaucratic monster or a complex and impenetrable web of vested interests and influence , as an increasingly important reference point for our citizens .
The final aim should obviously be neither offshore nor onshore .
The Stability Pact and the desire for transparency currently prevalent in Europe will in practice lead to fiscal convergence .
We must , however , be vigilant about competition in this area from third countries and should therefore demand - particularly via the OECD - that they too should apply minimum levels of taxation .
I must also refer to an underlying problem in this area : both in the original Commission proposal and in the proposals that have been discussed in the Council , we have noted the same thing : a lowering of own resources from 1.27 % to 1.13 % in the case of the Commission proposal - entirely to the detriment of the structural funds and actions .
The possibility of a new tripartite regional set-up - with closer economic , social and political links between overseas countries and territories , the ACP countries and the ultraperipheral regions of the European Union - could not have come at a better moment .
By the same token , we also support , overall , the very diverse range of proposals and ideas contained in the draft legislative resolution in this report .
Secondly , the committee acknowledges that , in addition to the objectives of protecting water against degradation of aquatic ecosystems and the long-term conservation of water resources , further steps need to be taken to reduce the adverse effects of floods and droughts .
Fourthly , the Agriculture Committee suggests , with regard to the definitions and annexes , that specific reference be made to bodies of water used for irrigators , namely aqueducts , and to the way in which their quality and quantity is to be assessed , and also to irrigation farming as a distinct form of cyclical water use .
Secondly , I would stress that river basins form the basic unit for surface water and groundwater management .
We therefore support one of the oral questions put to the Commission about whether or not an understanding can be achieved within the WTO panel .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the United States of America is not satisfied that a WTO arbitration board , convened on behalf of its interests and its multinationals in the dollar banana zone , recently ordered the revision of the common organisation of the banana market .
Commissioner , this offensive must be stopped in its tracks .
In these regions , banana production is the main and sometimes only source of income for thousands of families .
However , the Commission must be prepared , as it seems to be , to respond rigorously and rapidly if unilateral measures are applied by the United States .
Despite the Union 's campaign to ensure transparency for the consumer , the COM does not make it compulsory to list the ingredients used to produce the wine on the label , leading to unfair competition between wines containing sugar and those produced from grapes alone .
This is at odds with the Community method and the principle of constitutional equality between the Member States ; -On the weighting of Council votes , anything that goes beyond maintaining the current balances and might therefore encourage the concept of a 'directing board ' of the larger Member States ; -As in the previous points , anything that might predetermine the position of the European Parliament on basic political and constitutional issues before the process of revising the Treaties begins ; -Anything that would make good anti-European propaganda in the coming election campaign .Our final overall vote was determined by the outcome of the votes in the House on these issues - on which , thanks to our initiative and our efforts , the PSE Group has adopted exactly the same approach .
There was an agreement in Abuja which provided for a cease-fire and arrangements to contain the conflict .
So the withdrawal of all foreign troops is a fundamental prerequisite for restoring peace .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , what is happening in Guinea-Bissau is tragic .
Humanitarian aid and technical and financial support are needed , but we can also help by firmly condemning the escalation of the war and demanding the immediate withdrawal of the foreign military forces involved in the conflict .
Recent events have frustrated the hopes raised by the Abuja agreement of 1 November , hopes that the conflict might be over and that Guinea-Bissau , and especially its martyred people , might enjoy the peace needed to recover from a situation of enormous economic backwardness , aggravated by the destruction and chaos provoked by the conflict which broke out last June .
