, we received the Commission proposal ; and Parliament concluded the first reading in July 2001 ; but it was not until 5 November 2002 that the common position was made known to us .
It is a first step .
A submitted compromise , or a wording presented by the Commission , has a history to it , however , and such compromises or wordings seem to me to be matters of dispute within the ECOFIN Council where , according to what I have been told , one or other of the Member States was , in the end , quite prepared to use another veto .
What do old people want ?
Mr President , politics makes a qualitative difference when it is able to counter negative trends and uncertainties with positive measures , and surely no such difference is being made through the way in which the second pillar of the pension system is being structured , even when , as here , we are concerned with a financial services directive .
It is not our task here to prescribe what kind of supplementary pensions are to be provided and for what sums .
My dear friends , before we fix our gaze on America - about which I will be saying something in a moment - and before we criticise the Americans , the first point we have to make is that Saddam Hussein must disarm completely .
It is for that reason that we hope that the United Nations will succeed in using peaceful means to steer Iraq towards disarmament .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I believe that the present time makes it possible for us to observe what a misjudgment it is for European states , with their present dimensions , to define their interests solely in national terms , and how impossible it is to get national interests to prevail in global disputes such as these .
In Great Britain , over two hundred Labour Members of Parliament have expressed their opposition to a war .
It is unfortunate that my government - the government of the Federal Republic of Germany - has played a substantial part in bringing this about .
Where are the highly dangerous VX nerve gas , the large quantities of anthrax , the 6 500 bombs carrying chemical weapons , and the mobile weapons laboratories ?
I was then curious enough to ask how the Member States measure such undeclared activities as prostitution , for example .
( DE ) I mistakenly voted against Amendment No 38 , tabled by the GUE/NGL Group .
I believe we should take this as a favourable assessment , and so I would like to thank those who have been involved in making it possible .
Now that we are beginning , cautiously , to take on responsibilities in military areas too , that is what is special about the European Union - and what sets us apart from a purely military alliance .
Might not the loss of certain capacities expose our soldiers to danger ?
Whilst there are a number of things of which we are right to accuse America - some other charges laid against them may be misguided , but many are justified - we must ourselves take on responsibilities in our own backyard .
After some hesitation , we are glad that the Greek Presidency , during the most recent consultation with Parliament , undertook to make available to Parliament all the information that had initially been withheld , including that on costs and personnel .
What I would now like to know is this : how will we be able to convince these citizens in the future if the American authorities , who are giving no guarantees at all , are in a position to use or abuse their data as they wish ?
So to that extent the allegation that the Americans would regularly misuse data passed to them is quite simply mistaken .
But I would now like to put my question to the President-in-Office , whom I wish to thank for his very concrete and helpful reply .
I therefore hope that time can still be found to make the necessary adjustments or to allow the proposed amendments to influence practical implementation .
With that in mind , we should be supporting all measures that have the effect of promoting sales and the fulfilment of the internal market .
If , for example , there are problems , there should be real disclosure enabling all to see which businesses are causing them .
I therefore see no need for a framework directive in this area .
Consumers can avail themselves of their rights only when they know what those are .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , even though we are near the end of the debate , I would not want to speak without thanking Mr Whitehead in particular , especially for the focussed approach to which he referred at the outset , which has enabled us to dispense with a number of issues that would otherwise certainly have been on the agenda .
This will be the first military operation to be conducted under European Union leadership .
I repeat my long-standing criticism that the structures mean that abuses are inherent in the system .
Secondly , it is in the context of enlargement that the Commission gives this problem particular attention .
The Commission is prepared , then , to discharge its responsibilities where an enterprise has , under an aid scheme co-financed by a Community programme , received subsidies without being entitled to them .
Firstly , I believe that , despite our structural and support policies , we must not ignore the fact we are in a market economy system and that the primary task must be to ensure that the market economy system works .
