I also support expressly mentioning radioactive substances .
This is also expressed in Recital 14 .
Limiting discharges of hazardous substances into our waters must be one of the most important objectives .
As I said , their purpose and the timetable for implementing them are political in character .
The Commission cannot , on the other hand , approve Amendment No 19 , in which hazardous substances are defined differently than in OSPAR .
The Commission ' s proposal introduces a clear procedure for selecting substances , and so no definition is needed .
Amendment No 59 introduces requirements to the effect that the list of prioritised substances should continually be reviewed .
I would point out in this regard that the OSPAR Convention does not in any way alter existing Community legislation concerning nitrates from the agricultural sector .
I also support the demand for a suitable contribution from each sector to cover own costs .
I therefore support the overall thrust of Amendment No 105 , which is in line with the Commission ' s original proposal .
We intend shortly to issue a communication from the Commission on precisely this question .
This proposal can therefore be approved .
This applies to Amendments Nos 6 , 24 , 25 , 27 , 30 , 31 , 32 , 33 , 34 , 78 , 80 , 102 and 104 .
We need both a starting point and a final goal if we are to reverse the upward trend in pollution .
I would propose that Amendment No 92 should be incorporated into a broader solution .
Instead , we prefer an addition to those measures which are required in accordance with Article 11 to promote activities in this area .
This approach and its scope , which the Commission can in principle approve , are defined by Amendments Nos 22 and 47 .
In order to achieve the greatest possible legal clarity and proportionality , we wish , however , to reformulate Amendment No 47 and to add a de minimis provision .
It is nonetheless unnecessary to make it a condition that all the measures for controlling demand should be adopted .
To summarise , the Commission is able to approve 72 amendments , either in their entirety , partially or in principle .
A number of obstacles remain , but I am convinced that , as the legislative work progresses , we shall achieve our common goal of creating a water policy we can be proud of .
I would again thank the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Policy and Mrs Lienemann for the good and constructive co-operation we have had on this matter .
The Commission can , in principle , also approve Amendment No 4 which ought , however , to be introduced into another place in the text .
The present programme ' s key measures - water quality , tomorrow ' s city and innovative products and processes - to a certain degree cover the same questions .
This instrument could finance good projects with a higher amount of money than that quoted in the proposed budget .
At this stage , the Commission is keeping to the amount which has been set in the common position .
Now that the Commission has to consider carefully what resources are required for each activity , this is an example of the kind of activity we ought to avoid : one that is inessential but demanding in terms of resources .
Finally , I want to repeat that I am convinced that LIFE will be an effective instrument in support of development and the implementation of the Community ' s environmental policy .
Mr President , the issue of social security systems is an important one .
This is a natural consequence of cooperation within the EU.
These areas are mutually dependent upon one another .
In other words , social security is a factor of production .
The labour market is also changing .
The Commission ' s communication recommends that experience should be more widely shared , a high-level group formed and benchmarking introduced .
Clear guidelines and indicators are required .
Parliament must therefore be involved in the work - not by being part of the high-level group , but by enabling parliamentary representatives to track the work of the latter and come up with proposals as to how the process is to be carried on .
In our report , we have highlighted the importance of combating poverty within the EU and of finding indicators as soon as possible so that we can make progress in this area .
This is something we have borne in mind .
We expect the Commission to present this as part of its proposal for a social action programme .
We had a lot of amendments , but succeeded in agreeing upon a report .
I shall also reject those amendments which have been tabled by the Technical Group of Independent Members , because I do not think that these add anything to the report .
On the other hand , my group will applaud Amendment No 14 from the group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party .
Finally , I want to say that the EU is not only concerned with cooperation on trade .
We hope that the Council and the Commission will take this contribution seriously and include it in future social policy .
In my constituency , there is deep scepticism about the Commission ' s attempts at direction and control .
But I am critical of the global perspective on social security which characterises both the Commission ' s communication and Mr Andersson ' s report .
The reality is quite different .
The concept of a social Europe is a drawing-board product which is far removed from the real world .
The municipalities have responsibility for delivering almost