has been shown to be essential in terms of preventing casualties in an accident such as that which took place in Toronto ?
Ladies and gentlemen , I believe these comments to be very general , and they lead to certain specific considerations which I would like to be implemented in the not too distant future .
Nevertheless , Mr Weber , you have acknowledged that we are moving towards a world in which television must be redefined , a world in which television means conventional television as we know it , but also television via the Internet , television via mobile phone and television via all the new technologies .
I would therefore like to express my hope that we do a good job .     Mr President , I would first like to express my satisfaction at the revision of this Directive , because it updates some of the provisions of the ‘Television without frontiers ’ Directive , specifically those which relate to the promotion of the distribution and production of television programmes .
Concentration is a threat to democracy and should be prevented , as should the granting of licences that do not comply with the law .
Madam President , Mr President–in–Office of the Council — who is no longer present — Commissioner , it is not usual to hold a debate on an amending budget .
I recognise that if the Council had shown greater flexibility from the outset , we would be in a position to vote today for the European Commission ’s original proposal .
It has unfortunately taken that long to reach a decision on the mobilisation of all of this aid in order to present it for the approval of this House .
What is more , I do not believe I would be able to present a proposal of that nature in Parliament .
I believe , and I am addressing this to you , Mrs Reding , that we should make it possible for each of these issues to be the subject of a specific recommendation .
The implementation of the Lisbon Strategy requires an improvement of taxation rules to promote growth and employment .
What I am saying is not inspired by Europeanism , rather , it is a fundamental need for each of the nations suffering from terrorism .
We spend a lot of time in this Parliament talking about technical and legal measures , but very little time on the political effort the European Union requires in order to combat terrorism .
We do not devote either time or political effort to explaining what we are about and European citizens are not aware of what the European Union does .
What we are fighting against is a particular organisation and I am therefore concerned that the leaders of the European institutions dare not call the organisation we are fighting by its name .
In this case , a proposal has been put forward jointly by the governments of Spain and Turkey , and I believe the British Government takes a positive view of it .
I can tell him that in the case of the Madrid attacks , what allowed the police to ascertain the identity of the terrorists quickly was precisely the availability of mobile phone data .
Terrorism is an option : a despicable , cowardly and cruel option .
We all know that there can be security without liberty , but there can be no liberty without security .
I am referring to the much-discussed problem of the storage of data .
It involves what we could call the ‘relocation of torture’ , made topical recently when an Egyptian citizen was kidnapped in a street in Milan , allegedly on the orders of the CIA .
I therefore believe that , although the Community has no competence , the Council should be concerned to make it very clear that Europe acts differently in its international relations .     .
I therefore welcome the statement by the Presidency-in-Office of the Council to the effect that the European Union must play a fundamental role , in order to achieve a fair and lasting peace in the region .
Nevertheless , in contrast to the hope represented by Gaza , we fear that the current Israeli policy in Jerusalem may slam shut the so-called window of opportunity just at the most sensitive and volatile point of the conflict .
In reality , the project would complete the process of separating the north of the West Bank from the south .
Bilbao has become a centre for services , trade , business and culture within its industrial hinterland .
We frequently experience one example of this inefficiency at the Viriatu pass between Spain and France , where there are five toll stations within a stretch of 50 kilometres .     Mr President , I would firstly like to congratulate the rapporteur on his magnificent work , his generosity and his willingness to incorporate everybody’s opinions .
Furthermore , we believe that it is important to support the growing medical and thermal tourism sector .
I shall begin by saying that all my fears have been allayed by my colleague Mr Queiró’s report , and I shall therefore restrict myself to reiterating certain ideas , emphasising others and adding some new ones .
It has to be recognised that the increase in tourism has caused certain problems in terms of sustainability , ecological balance , physical security , food safety , legal security in the field of delays , non-compliance with contracts , time-sharing and competitiveness .
I am referring to the IMSERSO holidays .
The fifth objective has to do with all this not being an expense but rather an investment , because the Spanish experience demonstrates that the returns exceed the sum budgeted annually by the government by 1.8 % .
As several studies indicate , men and women are treated unequally in terms of prescription , treatment and medical and health costs