of violence and unhealthy fascination .
All of us together , Belgians and Europeans , need to answer these questions .
Let the possession of pornographic material intended for children be criminalized .
Nothing short of judicial co-operation on criminal matters and police co-operation with a view to preventing and combatting serious forms of international crime can be regarded by the Member States of the Union as being in the common interest .
We are aware that the Internet enables the paedophile networks to recruit , and to operate with efficiency and with impunity .
All speakers have recognized the lack of a proactive approach to the campaign against the sexual exploitation of children .
When money , consumerism , the conquest of new markets and the value of the currency in the political arena are dominant values , we should not be surprised at the development of serious social diseases such as those we are discussing today .
By doing that , Europe will show that it is more than just an economic and monetary machine , and that it is capable of finding a solution to the problems of society that concern 350 million Europeans .
Protection of minors means more than just preventing children from seeing pornographic videos .
Consider , for example , the fact that within the framework of the single market , over some ten years , many different services have been the subject of cross-border liberalization - transport , banking , insurance , telecommunications ( still under discussion as far as the post is concerned , but I know how controversial that is ) , energy - a whole range of sectors which previously enjoyed extensive protection at national level and often held a monopoly or special , protected rights .
It is typical , too , to find that certain ideas are evolving .
That is the role assigned to it by Article 90 .
So it must not be said that the policy which the Commission is trying to draw up will make all this impossible in the future .
One further comment : I believe that , as we go along , we are also going to need to think about those service elements that are of general interest at European level .
( Applause ) Mr President , I would like to start by thanking Commissioner Van Miert for the explanations he has given us .
Everyone agrees on that , even the unions , and so do we socialists .
All that was necessary was to schedule this debate for a later time .
I am not talking about imposing French values on other states but about allowing those states which wish to do so , by virtue of subsidiarity , to preserve their social models while nevertheless respecting Community law .
The crisis of confidence which is eroding the unity of Europe and jeopardizing the future of the Union has much to do with the impression people have of dealing with an inhuman machine concerned only with economic and financial profitability , and abandoning people to their fate .
Admittedly , we have noted the fact that , recently , the idea of public service has finally been recognized both by case law and in some of the practices of the Community institutions .
That factor is absent from your statement , and I assume that it will be equally absent - though you still have time to correct it - from the Commission 's communication .
It is from that role , as guardian of the social model , that you derive your legitimation .
Remember that .
These first two points are inextricably linked , as far as I am concerned , because the public service charter must be based on the legal force of the Treaty .
The rapporteur welcomes the increase in the resources committed to the structural funds for the period 1994-1999 , amounting to ecu 141 , 000 million .
There is , for example , a clear increase in the number of unsatisfied applications for participation , because the Member States have reduced part of the funds intended for research .
Mr Lange has conducted an in-depth analysis which has enabled him to make very valuable recommendations .
With this in mind , five-yearly reports evaluating these specific programmes and the framework for them are prepared by panels of independent experts .
Those factors which are related to the aspects causing more concern , especially the implementation periods and the break-down of financing by participant or by region , will be more clearly illustrated .
I myself and the Socialist Group , on whose behalf I speak , will certainly be voting for this report .
And it is our friend Mr Schiedermeier who produces this report .
The Commission refused to ask for a negotiating mandate , and Mrs Cresson has explained ...
The French Government has responded to their quest for recognition and justice with contempt , excessive violence or an entirely arbitrary approach to dealing with individual cases .
It means being opposed to battering down the doors of a church with axes in order to seize hunger strikers confined to their beds .
On the other hand , the accession of the Union to the Convention would involve a complex set of legal arrangements which would be slow to use , since on top of the delays in our Court of Justice , there could be an appeal to the court in Strasbourg .
Having a Gulag that contained millions of prisoners did not embarrass him in the least .
Infringement of the right to work , as mentioned by the rapporteur , represents another very serious assault on human rights .
Finally , paragraph 93 states that the extreme right-wing parties advocate xenophobia .
Because the decision to hold a demonstration , Mr Blot , was taken ...
