debate is a feature of democracy , but violence can never be tolerated and there has to be a very strict limit to behaviour of this sort .
The Commission has been actively involved in the construction of a stabilisation programme for the Greek economy and the adoption of a huge financial rescue package to support financial stability throughout the euro area and to ensure the stability of the Greek economy .
The finance ministers in the Eurogroup took a decision last Sunday , with reference to a proposal by the Commission , the ECB and the IMF.
I , for one , am confident of your support in achieving this objective .
I am sure that we can do this , but it will mean acting responsibly .
Member of the Commission . - Mr President , we learnt with great sadness that former President Umaru Musa Yar'Adua died last night .
He made a great contribution to the political and democratic life of Nigeria and through his policies contributed to the stability in particular of the subregion of West Africa .
We understand that he will be sworn in shortly , possibly by tonight , by Nigeria 's Chief of Justice .
The violent conflicts in Jos and surrounding villages in January and March this year , during which hundreds of citizens are reported to have been massacred or seriously injured , have been particularly devastating .
As soon as news emerged about the events in January and March , the Commission was in contact with the International Red Cross in Nigeria and other local agencies , which confirmed that the humanitarian needs of most victims were being met and that hospitals were able to cope with the inflow of causalities .
All parties were urged to exercise restraint and seek peaceful means to resolve differences , and called on the Federal Government to bring the perpetrators of violence to justice .
The EU issued further declarations on Nigeria in February and March ; they conducted a diplomatic démarche with the Nigerian Ministry of Foreign Affairs in order to convey condemnation of the most recent outbreaks of violence .
In the last 10 years violent conflicts have caused the death of over 14 000 people in Nigeria and left over three million internally displaced people .
Conflicts presented as religiously motivated are often triggered by other causes , including conflicts between traditional rulers , land and resource struggles among communities , political in-fighting , and tensions between state and federal authorities .
Under the EDF we support development cooperation in Nigeria .
Finally , I believe it is essential that we remain attentive to the issue of recurring intercommunal violence in Nigeria .
I propose that it should be addressed as a priority for dialogue in the next EU-Nigeria ministerial meeting in the autumn of this year .
Many of you have highlighted the complexity of societal problems in Nigeria .
We actively give strong and constructive support to Nigeria .
Mr President , firstly I wish to thank and congratulate the rapporteur , Mr Alves , for his excellent work on this report .
We and the European Union must ensure that we are selfsufficient in agriculture everywhere in Europe .
This is vital for security and biodiversity .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , my thanks go to Mr Mikolášik and Mr Perello Rodriguez for their quite excellent work .
We did not achieve the sort of good result that we in the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance would have liked .
According to the Council of Europe , 5-10 % of transplanted kidneys come from the illegal trade in organs , and that means thousands of victims a year .
It has been appalling to read reports about how organs are bought in poor countries in regions such as Africa , Asia and even eastern Europe .
The most shocking have been the reports that describe people actually being killed .
We in Europe must do all we can to avoid creating a market for this kind of criminality .
Ten days ago , the European Union took bold and necessary decisions to safeguard financial stability in Europe .
First , we agreed on a European financial stability mechanism that provides a financial backstop for up to EUR 500 billion , which will be supplemented by IMF funding at a ratio of 2:1.
We are not doing it for the sake of the mystical market forces but for the sake of sustainable growth and job creation in Europe , by ensuring that the threats to financial stability will not kill the economic recovery that is now in progress - though this is still rather modest and fragile .
This is our responsibility in relation to our citizens , and we are delivering in very concrete terms .
We said we would be ready to meet the immediate needs of refinancing , and we delivered on time .
Beyond that , our Member States have understood the paramount importance of fiscal consolidation to ensure the sustainability of public finances and thus , preconditions for sustainable economic growth .
Let me underline that a faster reduction of the public deficit is indeed an essential component of the financial stability package that was agreed on 10 May by Ecofin .
In other words , the efforts of fiscal consideration need to be differentiated according to fiscal space and economic vulnerability .
Countries with little or no fiscal space will need to front-load and accelerate measures , while others with better fiscal space should maintain their less restrictive fiscal policy stances for the sake of growth and jobs in Europe .
Let us recall that the first 10 years of the euro have been a success story : that is the starting point .
This is precisely the reason why last week , on 12 May , the Commission presented an ambitious set of proposals to reinforce economic governance in Europe .
