I would next like to raise a few points concerning education .
The first concerns the extent to which it is free .
Every child and young person should have the chance of a good education and the opportunity to benefit from good teaching , and not having to pay is one guarantee of that .
Children and young people at European schools come from different cultures and different nations .
This is also the basis for European human rights policy and the European notion of humanity .
I will end by saying that the real educational standards amongst us Europeans will be measured in terms of how we treat those close to us who are worse off and how we look after children and young people , and the European schools are a shop window for the world .
What are our actual standards of education and how do we look after our young people ?
I hope that Europe can afford to do that and that it does actually invest in children and young people and in the European schools . on behalf of the PPE-DE Group . - Mr President , I think it was Mrs Tumpel-Gugerell who said in Nice in mid-September that the worst mistake we made was not to include the financial supervisory architecture into the Maastricht Treaty .
But whom are we to blame for the lack of progress on supervisory architecture ?
Maybe it was the deal between the UK and Germany to offer the CESR location to Paris which finally made the difference , but I think that in Council they have been totally unwilling to move forward on this issue .
In order of priority , these three are the most important : First , the mandatory colleges for all cross-border financial institutions , with legally binding rules on how they operate , how they share information and what kind of decision-making procedures they use .
Second , improved legal status for the Level 3 Committees , and more effective working methods for them too .
And third , strengthening the role of the ECB in financial stability .
Finally I want to say something about the transatlantic dialogue .
It is very important for the future ...
It is conspicuous in the fact that the ice around the North Pole in summer melts more and more .
This should be a warning bell for us to take more stringent action to protect the climate .
This is a serious contradiction .
Funds for this are being taken from the European Neighbourhood and Partnership Instrument and the Instrument for Pre-Accession Assistance .
Many of the Committee 's amendments have been taken on board , for which I would like to thank the rapporteur Mrs De Sarnez and the Committee on Culture and Education .
It is very true , just as the Commissioner pointed out here , that this is an important programme : it is an exemplary one .
It is one of those success stories that we in the European Union have been able to create , see and implement , and I believe that the programme in this new format will expand and become an even greater success .
It is important that development cooperation and the social aspect are made vital ingredients , because the European approach must be such that we are also prepared to give of ourselves to other continents , thereby building not just Europe but the whole world we share .
This programme has given special attention to the issue of equality .
This way we will get to see the success stories that result from it .
In it , direct agricultural subsidies and marketing costs were overly conservatively estimated at EUR 2 027 million below the ceiling for the multiannual financial perspective .
The Committee on Agriculture proposed that the Committee on Budgets revise the estimated expenditure , which it did .
For the former , the Committee set aside EUR 181 million , with EUR 600 million being set aside for the latter .
This means there will have to be interinstitutional talks .
The expenditure under external actions in Heading 4 is inadequate by any budgeting criterion .
We are not in favour of Georgia 's rearmament after its attack on the civilians of South Ossetia and Russian peacekeepers , and its pitiful defeat later .
We do not support the Council 's priorities for a Common Foreign and Security Policy .
Let the Member States be satisfied with the Athena Financing Mechanism for that .
All those who were involved in drafting the budget know that the ceiling for external actions will not hold up but collapse during the budgetary procedure , the way the ceiling in this House did last August .
Although our group believes that there is no great sense of confidence among us in the Union 's external actions , we want the facts to be recognised .
I welcome the opportunity to discuss Bosnia and Herzegovina with you today at a very crucial moment for the country and its European aspirations .
The signature of the Stabilisation and Association Agreement ( SAA ) last June was a significant step forward for Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The EU was able to initial the SAA last December and sign it in June because the country 's political leaders pulled together and reached consensus on the main conditions , particularly on police reform .
Nationalist rhetoric ahead of the local elections in October was one factor in this deterioration .
There is also open disagreement on most political questions , while there is no sense of urgency or responsibility to overcome this political stalemate .
Your resolution sends a strong signal to the leaders of Bosnia and Herzegovina to get on with the reforms and to get their country back on the road to Europe .
Likewise , Bosnia and Herzegovina must be able to speak with one voice to