If I do not have the right to give these kinds of answers , then journalists should not have the right to ask questions about the history of the Second World War .
We support it .
She forgot about Luxembourg .
In response to soaring demand and in order to discourage speculation , the Autonomous Government of Valencia adopted a land development law called the ( LRAU) in 1994 .
I would like to thank my fellow Members who have shown such enthusiasm for this subject and who have improved my initial report , but I would remind them that we can only act within the bounds of our Community competences and that we have little room for manœuvre .
However , although people are equal in the eyes of the law , they are not always equal in reality .
Do we have the right to put up with this situation ?
We listened to what you had to say just now .
It is also vital to have a real political will for this , and all the Member States must join forces , without exception .
Today , the budget that we are presenting has a political dimension to it .
It will adopt a similar approach in the negotiations on the financial perspective , and Parliament will support it with a view to providing the European Union with a budgetary framework that will enable it to fund the activities in which it is required to engage with a view to developing quality jobs and protecting the environment .
In order to improve European competitiveness , we will see to it that all forms of bureaucracy are reduced and that all unnecessary legislation is done away with .
We regret your lack of ambition , particularly in relation to improving language teaching and to developing our university centres .
We would hope that the Commission is even fonder of Gothenburg , and I hope that you , in particular , will make your colleagues even fonder of Gothenburg .     .‘Equal opportunities for all .
The procedure takes place in two stages : 1 .
I do , however , note with satisfaction that my defence was supported by a large number of fellow Members not belonging to my political group , and I am all the more satisfied because all of the allegations featured in Mrs Wallis ’ preliminary draft report have disappeared , as was insisted on by the majority of the committee , no doubt to ease its conscience .
For the very large majority of MEPs , this vote conveys a message : revisionism has no place in the Europe of ‘never again’ .     .Bizarrely , a crucial aspect of the affair of our colleague , Mr Gollnisch , which was nonetheless present in the first three drafts of Mrs Wallis ’ report , has disappeared in the final version .
The minimum six-month retention period is broadly applied by telecommunications operators in managing their contracts and their marketing .
That is why , I might add , we tabled an amendment to the legislative resolution providing for access , in the third pillar , to be regulated in the framework decision on data protection .
This outcome demonstrates that , in over the next few years , we – the Commission , the Council and the European Parliament – will , in the long run , finally be in a position to draft a genuine joint report together .
Ladies and gentlemen , the European Union has spoken with one and the same voice throughout the negotiations and has exerted a real influence on the debates .
On behalf of the Commission , Mrs Ferrero-Waldner has already expressed our concerns to the Tunisian Government , and we have pointed out that it was difficult for us to believe that the incidents were just the result of an ‘unfortunate’ misunderstanding .
The enhanced cooperation of the Member States has enabled progress to be made with regard not only to the introduction of an Internet Governance Forum , which will meet for the first time in Athens , but also to the democratic balance between the Member States , to pluralism and to the involvement of civil society .
We simply seek to guarantee instruments of dialogue , as Mrs Reding emphasised .
First of all , Tunisia is a model of development , and one wonders whether certain superpowers are not out to destroy any Arab country that is on the way to development .
This renewal is epitomised by the 18 October Movement and its intention to set up a permanent forum , with which the Socialist Group in the European Parliament wish to be associated .
In spite of the very deplorable events that occurred in Tunis with regard to human rights , the summit had a gratifying outcome .
The directive I wish to present to you today does not focus on the media through which information is transmitted but on content ; it deals with audiovisual services , whatever medium is used to deliver them to the public .
Similarly , it would be unacceptable if the protection of minors did not apply to all types of content .
Another important element that was conceived from the perspective of the funding of content is the authorisation , subject to very restrictive and strict conditions , of product placement .
We will have an opportunity to discuss these definitions later in our various committee meetings , as I made very clear in the text of the proposal .
In others , it is illegal only in respect of domestic products , not those from neighbouring countries .
It proposed a regulation on the rights of rail passengers , which is currently under discussion by the European Parliament and the Council , the latter having arrived at a political agreement on 5 December .
Urban transport has become a major problem .
We