However , it would be even more regrettable if certain Member States of the European Union , ignoring public opinion , were to join with those efforts of the North American government .
We know , however , that there are still many obstacles which need to be overcome in order to reach agreements , particularly in matters relating to its independence and jurisdiction .
( Parliament adopted the resolution )
Given that employment is the focus of all of the Union 's policies , these figures are significant ; they are even more so if we add the fact that those jobs are located in peripheral coastal regions where there are few alternatives to fisheries activities .
In addition , the same demands must be made of them as are made of products processed in the European Union .
In short , the report is asking the Commission for the following things : a serious and thorough study of the reality of the Community canning industry ; proposals for a specific and global plan of action ; and an analysis of the copious and scattered regulations currently in force .
Whether with regard to agreements such as the generalized system of preferences or in the context of cooperation or other types of agreements , the Commission accepts provisions involving a total or partial withdrawal of tariffs for fisheries products ; this leaves the Community industry increasingly vulnerable .
The Commission has finally presented this document which , we presume , puts forward the guidelines from its imminent legislative proposal , which it has promised to submit before the end of the year .
It seems more like an academic meeting than a parliamentary sitting because we are discussing texts which are study texts and not legislative texts .
The basic problem , which has been highlighted by various speakers before me , is that 60 % of Community consumption of fisheries products comes from imports - the Community only supplies 40 % of its own needs - and that possibly - and this is a trend that can be seen clearly - our entire Community consumption will eventually come from imports .
For example , recently there have been statements in the Spanish press by the Moroccan authorities who say that they are not going to renew the fisheries agreement .
In some way , this Community fisheries market , which is so tempting , is the greatest enemy of the Community producers themselves , because increasingly more is asked of us , more is demanded of us and more limits are imposed on us .
I therefore believe that any concession in the context of the World Trade Organization , which it appears that the Commission is planning , must be thoroughly examined .
I believe , in fact , that the Commission has carried out a valuable analysis and that , in the same way as we have a common agricultural policy which dedicates its efforts to the stability of the agricultural markets and farmers ' incomes , we should , as regards the problems of the fisheries sector , think about trying to look for imaginative formulas which are also geared towards a common fisheries policy which guarantees a certain stability for the market and fishermen 's incomes .
I believe that we are obliged to ensure the maintenance of the Community fisheries sector - and I am aware of the difference that exists between the agricultural sector in that we are talking about a market which needs external fisheries resources to supply its own needs - but we need to find imaginative solutions in this respect .
Madam Commissioner , we are calling for specific measures to be taken .
I agree , Commissioner , that fraud is something that has got to be avoided and cannot represent a form of finance for anyone .
So , we are talking about a proposal similar to those usually presented by the Commission concerning Mediterranean production .
Recently , this Parliament approved an opinion on the future of the olive oil COM which seemed to establish a certain consensus .
More than 4 million hectares and 465 000 jobs depend on this crop .
I hope that the Commissioner takes these amendments into account , shows flexibility and modifies his proposal .
You must be sensitive and accept that a reform does not take place without an increase in the budget , and particularly so when these financial stringencies always affect our southern countries .
And , finally , the ban on mixtures within the European Union has also been established .
Mr President , I respect that personal interpretation , and I would like to say to Mr Colino that on Tuesday he asked this House to vote against the use of urgent procedure .
And during the next part-session , in Strasbourg , we shall also be inviting a party of Basque councillors .
Mr President , I would like to add a very brief word to express my solidarity with Mr Galeote .
But at the same time , Mr President , is it right that we should be wondering whether to offer opportunities for dialogue to those who have no words other than murder and bullets ?
Mr President , I too wish to express the strongest condemnation of the murder of the Rentería councillor , as a representative democratically elected by his fellow citizens .
One relates to paragraph 10 : although I made an oral request for a linguistic correction to the Spanish version , this has not been done , and I wanted to say that in the various paragraphs where the word 'oil ' appears this should read 'olive oil ' .
And thirdly , ...
Jordan is a country that has opted for peace and a country in a difficult region and a difficult situation .
The Agreement also contains provisions for monitoring the observance of human rights and support for democratization