Whilst Portugal has a duty to make Africa one of its priority areas in foreign policy , it must not overlook the importance of transatlantic ties .
I am alarmed to note that while there has been progress in terms of democracy and freedom in Latin America , this has generally not been matched by progress in combating poverty and social inequality .
I therefore support this report .     .
The country ’s inclusion in the neighbourhood policy could prove an important step in this direction .
In order to facilitate this trade and to increase competition , the plan is to harmonise the prospectuses and rules on consumer protection .
The report before us forms part of the neoliberal agenda of the Lisbon Strategy .
The purpose of this process , which also forms part of the Bologna education process , is for universities and schools to meet the basic needs of the large multinationals , ‘educating ’ a homogenous workforce with linguistic skills in ICT and in languages that facilitate the professional and geographical mobility and the adaptability of work , whilst at the same time commercialising knowledge and the fruits of research .
We voted against because multilingualism is not considered in all of its practical applications .
We therefore advocate an interinstitutional agreement relating to a written legal framework for the EU’s language arrangements .
I therefore believe that it is necessary to adopt an Indicator of Language Competence in order to bridge the current gap in verifiable data about the EU citizens ’ language skills .
The lack of data on the citizens ’ language skills means that there needs to be a system whereby progress towards attaining the objective laid down by the Barcelona European Council of developing the EU’s education and training systems into a world-renowned centre of excellence can be measured .
In the context of the occupation and oppression by the Israeli Government , this measure will have the objective effect both of hastening the collapse of the Palestinian Authority – and consequently public services such as education and health – and of exacerbating the already desperate situation in which the Palestinians live , a situation that the United Nations had warned would arise .
What more needs to happen for the Commission and the Council to take action to secure the swift , unconditional release of the detainees ?
According to United Nations resolutions , Morocco has no sovereignty over this territory nor , in turn , its natural resources .
If the intention really were to ensure that the Sahrawi people could enjoy the benefits of exploiting their fishing resources , the necessary conditions would be put in place to safeguard their interests and rights , by setting up a United Nations fund , for example .
There is no other way to combat the anticipated increase in road freight transport , which is forecast to reach over 60 % by 2013 in the EU alone .
It will make it possible to boost investment in rail transport , inland navigation and in the use of motorways of the sea more effectively , making use of European maritime islands and the outermost regions as thoroughfares between those routes – the motorways and inland navigation .
As it is not possible to obtain greater resources , as the Commission rightly proposed , it will be the use and distribution of this sum of money that will dictate the success of the programme .
These agreements established customs arrangements for imports on the basis of the nature of the product and the quantities imported , authorising the Commission to derogate Regulation (EC ) No 1785/2003 for a transitional period .
I also feel however that , in the name of reciprocity , the EU should be aware of the fishing activities of Community vessel owners who stand to benefit from these measures .     .
Measures must therefore be taken to facilitate the conversion of these vessels , for example by exempting them from having to pay back construction or modernisation aid obtained during the previous ten years , and temporary tie-up aid awarded under the Financial Instrument for Fisheries Guidance .
In 1999 , the Munich Court withdrew its allegations .
Reading the report by the Committee on Legal Affairs reveals how incomprehensible and alarming this decision was .
Although the adopted compromise fell short of expectations on certain points , it does offer some protection and information to consumers , and seeks to safeguard the rights of SMEs .     .
We voted in favour of the compromise proposals at this second reading , because we feel it is important that there should be a high level of protection for consumers regarding the addition of vitamins , minerals and other substances to foods , which we must ensure do not pose a danger to public health .
I welcome this report , although I feel that it could have set itself more ambitious objectives .
The Commission ’s main objective in tabling this proposal for a regulation to recover eel stocks is to set up national Eel Management Plans .
The report replaces the ban on fishing in the first half of every month with a season in which the fishing effort is reduced by half .
Article 2( a ) defines the term ‘Moroccan fishing zone ’ as ‘the waters falling within the sovereignty or jurisdiction of the Kingdom of Morocco’ .
In this regard , the broader interests of the common fisheries policy in the area of international fisheries have been safeguarded , and some important commitments have been made in the area of managing fisheries resources and the fight against illegal fishing .     .
Furthermore , experience of previous Agreements has shown that ports in Western Sahara have been captured and used without the rights and interests of the Sahrawi people being safeguarded .
Both for the EU and