The most important way for us to lead would have been , and still is , to aim for a more stringent emission reduction target of at least 30 % .
Our real target should be a reduction of 40 % , if we were to heed the message of the climate scientists , as we quite rightly should .
According to reports commissioned by a large number of governments , including the Dutch Government , a 20 % reduction in emissions is a long way from the world 's most ambitious target .
If the EU had led , it would have made this difficult for them .
From this meagre outcome , we now need to move on towards a proper climate agreement .
It is not enough that our experts know their way through the technical jungle .
We need patient diplomatic efforts to overcome the stumbling blocks and also to make the UN negotiating process a more viable one , so that , for example , it adopts rules on voting .
I will certainly pass your best wishes to my colleague , Stavros Dimas , for his recovery so that he might join you in the committee shortly .
In other words , the Copenhagen Accord contains references to the level of ambition needed to address climate change for the post-2012 climate agreement and it sets the basis for a financial package and invites serious commitments on emissions reductions .
This is in response to Mrs McAvan , and this should also create a sound basis for the single negotiating text that Mrs Pietikäinen was calling for .
I agree , and the Commission is determined to ensure that the EU maintains its leadership position over the coming months and transforms this Accord into the ambitious and legally binding treaty that we all want to see .
I count on your support for this goal .
It is clear to everyone that China , in particular , did not want to commit itself to seriously meaningful objectives .
In the same way , we would expect China to make a serious commitment in the field of climate change policy .
We also need to ensure that new ambitious policies and measures are put forward that will lead us to the 20 % - or even 30 % - reduction goal that we have set for ourselves .
I would also still like to respond to Mr Davies , concerning his very concrete question .
I have checked and I can inform you that the use of the EUR 300 million allowances for carbon capture and storage should be decided on 2 February in the respective comitology committee .
Eight plants will be supported in the first round and the rest in the second round .
I can only say that it is time the EU woke up to reality .
I am also going to say this to the future Commissioner responsible for climate change .
' Follow me , I 'm right behind you , ' is the paradoxical slogan the EU has developed for itself .
It is with this sort of self-deception that the EU continues with its wretched climate policy that is destroying jobs in the cleanest industries .
The United States of America , China and Japan have chosen a route that has rejected the UNled model , with its negotiated emission ceilings and timetables .
In Europe , we will be exposed if the EU continues to follow a different path , remaining alone and worsening the plight of companies .
It is time for the EU to review its policy and end this fantasising .
Democratic reforms and the democratic transformation of Turkey reinforce stability and security in Turkey and in the wider neighbourhood of the EU and Turkey .
Progress in Turkey inspires reformers and acts as a catalyst for democracy and human rights in the whole region .
We also see developments that give reason for concern , and when this is the case , we raise these issues in a very serious manner with the Turkish authorities and we use those instruments that we have , thanks to the conditionality of the EU accession perspective .
In the summer of 2009 , the Turkish Government launched this democratic opening aimed at raising democratic and living standards for all Turkish citizens .
Some of these were next to impossible only a few years ago : think of the Kurdish-language TV programmes , which are now broadcast by private and public broadcasters .
We regret the decision of the Constitutional Court of Turkey in December to close the Democratic Society Party (DTP) .
Following the closure of the DTP , several party members - including elected mayors - were arrested in the context of an anti-terror investigation .
The tense political climate has also been fuelled by celebrations in the wake of the return of PKK members and sympathisers from northern Iraq .
The democratic transformation of Turkey is a forceful testimony of the continued soft power of the EC accession perspective when used fairly and firmly and with vigour and consistency .
Member of the Commission . - Madam President , I am glad to say my last word on Turkey .
I will not repeat it now .
I hope that I do not have to say any further farewells as regards Turkey in this Chamber and that we can move on and start tackling the major economic and other challenges of the European Union .
It is very important also for EU-Turkey relations .
Mr van Baalen and Mr Schmidt raised the issue of the Court of Auditors ' recent report on Turkey .
This new approach also comprises a stronger emphasis on sectoral strategies being developed by the beneficiary countries themselves , which ultimately should ease joint identification of policy priorities between the Commission and the