We should like to highlight a statement made in the Cassidy report about the need to recognise the so-called ' European social model ' because this goes against a certain current which claims that the social aspect of things should be kept apart from the economic aspect , and should even be overlooked in favour of the economy .
It is today unquestionable that growth and job-creation are being made difficult by the rigour imposed in respect of fulfilling the Maastricht criteria .
It is unacceptable that there should be such moves of entrenchment as it seems that a given criterion takes on more or less importance according to those who fail to meet with them .
In any case , it can sound like hypocrisy especially for someone without a job that good intentions expressed are not accompanied by measures which really do something to boost economies , leading to investments which do not match the new needs of the market .
Unlike most other infections , as has already been said , AIDS mostly is propagated between young populations , active people , those at the age of procreation .
It is against this overall background that , on its own initiative and in close connection with the Member States of the Union , the Commission has endeavoured to adapt the policy on strategies in response to the whole problem involving HIV/AIDS.
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the amendments which fall into this group are Amendments Nos 18 , 28 ( 2 ) , 29 , 30 , 32 , 35 , 38 and 39 .
She has outlined the background , defined the priorities and pointed to what I think is essential for managing this budget line .
They even fall short of a bare minimum , which was the aim of Parliament when it thought of setting up this project .
At least so far this has been avoided .
Against this background the proposal for a regulation on environmental measures in developing countries is aimed at promoting yet more application of the principle of sustainable development and contributing to the integration of an environmental dimension into the process of the development in developing countries - bearing in mind , as always , the desire to improve the living conditions of the local population .
As for the amendments which have been tabled , I should like to say that 33 of the 49 amendments tabled , i .e . approximately two-thirds , can be given Commission support .
In some cases , the Commission 's reluctance is due merely to the drafting of the amendments .
I would like once again to thank the Members of this Parliament and , in particular , the rapporteurs for the work which they have done on this issue .
On the other hand , we plan for a very significative extension of the list of products covered - thereby responding to the request made by some developing countries .
In this way the policies of social and environmental progress will be fostered through an additional preferential margin wherever they are effectively carried out by developing countries .
We welcome this decision .
You might say that all is well that ends well , but I wanted to use the opportunity of my explanation of vote to point out that a lot had to be done to make sure that the European Parliament 's position did not actually weaken rather than strengthen the initiative to fight racism and xenophobia .
Amongst them the following should be stressed : first , the introduction of a compensatory indemnity system for sardines intended for the Community processing industry ; -secondly , to allow the industry to be directly eligible for the storage premium since a pre-determined price is paid for production ; -thirdly more stringent controls on imported products in order to guarantee that the European Union 's health rules are complied with . We hope that these measures will be taken internationally since we have no doubt that Europeans as a whole and the Moroccans as well can only benefit from this partnership and cooperation agreement .
Apart from that , and in fulfilment of the undertakings of the Barcelona Conference , this agreement brings Morocco closer to the European Union and is one more step towards the good relations which the European Union wishes to establish with the countries of the Maghreb.
In addition , in the case of this agreement there are other weighty reasons for rejecting it .
Madam President , I should like to say , on behalf of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy that the action programme presented by the Commission constitutes , in our view , an essential framework-programme which is important for achieving the objectives and priorities of the white paper on the future development of the common transport policy .
We would pinpoint in particular an increase in the resources for infrastructures and we think also that special attention should be given to encouraging partnerships in the public and private sectors so that we may overcome the difficulties known to us all .
Even though it does not cover every aspect of the environment to the extent we should like , Community policy has encouraged in all Member States the development of programmes and projects aimed at environmental protection and consequently at improving the quality of life in the European Union .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the European Parliament has decided to deal in this session with the problems facing the European Union now that the spread of BSE has thrown the whole beef sector into crisis , with all the producers in the Member States suffering serious losses .
As you know , faced with the consequences suffered by the United Kingdom and the rest of the European Union , on 27 March 1996 the Commission decided to introduce a temporary ban on the