All praise to the rapporteur in not yielding to all kinds of emotional arguments in writing her report .
Once again , the main reason for voting for this report and this resolution is the seriousness of the changes which these chemicals might potentially cause .
There is one thing I have to say about the farm budget .
So I would welcome an assurance from the Commission that it will supply us with comprehensive information on the budget line for accompanying measures .
Unfortunately , at the insistence of the PPE Group , an addition was made to the effect that the payment of expenses should be covered in a Statute for Members .
We too have shown great restraint in the budgetary process .
We shall have to try to steer a good course for this budget , maintaining our role as joint budgetary authority , namely Parliament and Council together , and not just a minority of the Council .
The Bureau decided on a system in which it is apparent on three counts that an income is being paid as well as travel expenses .
The Christian Democrats see that as their negotiating position .
That is a direct consequence of the Court of Justice 's decision that a legal basis should be required for budgets .
We have been careful stewards of Europe 's coffers .
The next six months will be crucial , not only for the budget of this Parliament , but for the future of the European Union .
Lastly , ladies and gentlemen , Europe has sadly lost credibility .
That has to be underpinned by the right financial policy .
A few comments on the additional amendments which have been approved .
They are of course intended solely as a basis for negotiation .
I think Parliament has now largely succeeded in clearing up the confusion , but it has complicated matters very much this year .
It is money within the envelope of the financial perspective , and yet the Council is trying to cut it .
The enviable expectations of growth in many countries , and in the European Union too , mean that we ought to give greater consideration to sectors that are likely to create more jobs .
Sadly , neither the Commission nor the Council has done that so far .
We wait with keen interest to see what the informal summit in Austria will produce .
In our view , the final obstacles need to be removed too .
The fifth priority concerns the question of refugees and asylum seekers .
It is very clear that the whole development of the European Union will hinge on the finances for the next century , and the Commission has recently put forward a new financial perspective and a new financial division of responsibility between European Community countries .
I regret that the presidency is not here , because if the Treaty of Amsterdam enters into force without any agreement , the net result will be that everything will stay in the third pillar .
Secondly , it seems to me logical that a multinational agreement on trade should be complemented by a multinational agreement on investment .
And growth in the new export sectors driven by foreign investors , multinationals amongst them , brings spill-over effects which benefit the whole economy .
The conclusion is that most of the criticism is exaggerated , indeed unfair , though the draft agreement certainly has some shortcomings .
Now we are looking at heavy-duty vehicles .
If we achieve that , we shall be on the way to getting environmental imperatives integrated into the transport sector .
In this respect , Mrs Stenzel , a majority in this European Parliament has clearly stated that it must be possible to enter into dialogue with the European Central Bank .
I should also like to thank you for paying homage to the historic work of German Chancellor Helmut Kohl .
The 11 participating Member States must now ensure that the single currency , the euro , acquires a status beyond our borders , namely in regard to the G7 , as a result of which it will carry real weight in world trade .
Parliament has always stressed - and Mr De Giovanni said this - the need for a common approach in which the three political bodies and the national parliaments are all involved in reforms .
Today , I should also like to pay tribute to him and say that his message must be accepted by all of us as an essential message for Europe .
Flanders is facing the problem that granting voting rights to EU citizens in Brussels and Flemish Brabant will in practice mean an ethnic cleansing at the expense of Dutch-speaking Flemings .
We then also expressed support for taking a hard line against the government in Belgrade , but at the same time we hoped that this would not result in a rift within the United Nations and that a political solution was perhaps still possible .
NATO 's military threat must therefore remain in place , while pressure must also be put on the KLA not to violate the peace .
Both parties are responsible for implementing the agreements .
We are also pleased that the Union has allocated funds for humanitarian support .
The Commissioner has just correctly stressed that he has no confidence at all in agreements with Milosevic .
I saw a wonderful cartoon in a Dutch newspaper in which Saddam Hussein with his feet up on his desk was cheerfully telephoning Milosevic to warmly congratulate him on his 2 000 unarmed hostages and relishing all the fun in store .
The same was true in the past over Bosnia .
Our patience has run out , just like two weeks , four weeks and six weeks ago .
The keen competition between the various technologies makes it extremely difficult to predict what the situation will be in the future .
Regulations