The passage in the European Council 's conclusions on the organization of work and hours of work is an important step forward , which the social partners will be able to develop the search , in full autonomy , for new ways of organizing work which reconcile the creation of employment with the maintenance of the level of social protection compatible with our traditions and our civilization .
The Florence European Council has demonstrated that there is firm determination at the highest political level to continue down this road , refuting the illusion of brokering reduced financial rigour and artificial stimulation of economic growth .
I have already had an opportunity to share with you my assessment of the justice and home affairs issue .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the orderly progress of Union business has been seriously disturbed in the final weeks of our presidency by the BSE crisis .
This cannot be sustained by obstructionist use of procedures which allow the business of the Union to be blocked even in areas which have nothing to do with a specific and particularly controversial situation .
The Italian presidency succeeded in resolving all the technical problems still outstanding on the text of this important measure .
The construction of Europe as a response to the great challenges of the next century and as a barrier against the resurgence of the demons of nationalism remains just as crucial today , after the end of the cold war , as it was for the founding fathers after the end of World War II .
It seems to me - and my tone is different from Mrs Green 's - that it has been the merit of the Italian presidency to have coped with this difficult period with a clear faith in the European project .
Three months on from calling the conference it cannot be claimed that there is yet any possibility of making even a rough draft of the new Treaty .
We know this issue has to be dealt with primarily at the national level , and yet , Mr President-in-Office , Mr President of the Commission , we are convinced that there is great scope and much work to be done at the European level .
It has had to start negotiations in the Intergovernmental Conference at a very delicate moment for the construction of European unity , it has had to assess and take decisions on highly controversial issues which have been deadlocked in the Councils of Ministers , and at the same time it has had to manage the internal deadlines .
The funding for 14 strategic transport infrastructure projects is held up as well , and the Santer project to boost employment with finance for the great European shipyards has also been put off .
The response must certainly take account of the number and practicability of the reforms proposed , but the fundamental principles of the state of law must also be kept in mind : respect for the individual , balance between powers , effective procedures , guaranteed control of policies implemented and of summit changes .
The current malaise has its roots in the history of all the European countries , all the citizens , all the political groupings , but this is no time for fake optimism , still less for pointless quarrels .
Mr President , you have my best wishes for insisting on the convergence priorities , as Italy continues in the troika , making a decisive contribution towards the great appointments awaiting Europe on the threshold of the third millennium .
It was good on arms reductions but bad , very bad , on the issue undermining each of the Member States more than any other : unemployment .
Just cut wages and pensions , and lo and behold , 3 per cent of public debt , as required by the treaties , is achieved .
These terms must be revisited or Europe cannot really be united !
Politically and economically united , and including all its Member States .
President Prodi referred to the presidency 's programme of work and President Dini mentioned certain priorities at length .
On the internal market there has been a standstill on many issues , from the free movement of persons to the European company statute , to taxation , to the banking and insurance sector .
The next summons , to Dublin in October , threatens to find the European partners still very distant from each other on political union , on the enlargement , and on economic union .
And the willingness to provide common funding for those proposals simply is not there .
Instead everything remains at a standstill .
I shall briefly comment on some fundamental points and then President Dini will be able to add to my remarks at the end of the debate .
In my opinion , that is an important achievement and I am convinced that there will be far fewer repetitions of such crises in Europe , because the solution the Italian presidency found gave no satisfaction to those using the veto for unrelated objectives .
We should not suppose that this situation is only blocking the finance as regards Turkey .
Personally , I think President Santer 's proposals initiating a way forward ought to have been accepted , even within the current limits .
Having the means of solution is the result of setting out the problems for the future .
I do not think we will see the fruit until the Intergovernmental Conference has finished its work , because only then will we be able to say that we have the institutions we need to take long-term action .
That is the point !
I do not think it is the fault of the Italian presidency , which has at least held the Rome trialogue and with interesting results .
And we are also making room for a certain