This assertion is , in any case , categorically disproven by the geography , because nearly all of Turkey is located on the continent of Asia .
I voted against the report because Mr Kazak studied in France with a grant from the Turkish state , and so there is a clear conflict of interest .
Lastly , a substantial reduction in trade barriers is also necessary , particularly for agricultural products .
The conservation of biodiversity and ecosystems is an emergency that we are ignoring , or rather , we are not giving it our due attention .
I particularly support the passage in the report which states that 'a successful tackling of the threefold crises of food security , biodiversity loss and climate change requires a coherent approach and a future EU biodiversity strategy that is fully integrated with the strategies for combating poverty and hunger and for the mitigation and adaption of climate change ' .
For this very reason , I voted in favour of the motion for a resolution .
Parliament therefore really needs to get to grips with this issue , particularly in the light of the failure to achieve the 2010 objective of halting the loss of biodiversity , which has now been extended to 2020 in accordance with Council and Commission guidelines .
In its conclusions of 15 March , the European Environment Council agreed on a new headline target of halting the degradation of ecosystems in the EU by 2020 .
A continuous reciprocal exchange of information and good practice would certainly bring about an improvement in scientific knowledge and improve everyone 's capacity for intervention .
The undertaking to reduce poverty should be assumed with the greatest responsibility and cannot be reduced to a series of slogans and mindless expressions .
Mrs Theocharous 's report sets itself that very aim : poverty reduction and job creation in developing countries are important for the people in those countries but they are important for our own people , too .
I also share the concerns expressed during the debate on the deaths caused by medicines that do not comply with the rules , as Mrs Ronzulli discussed .
( FR ) As regards the issue raised by Mrs Rivasi on stronger rules on the environmental risks of medicinal products , we also consider that it is important to take account of the environmental protection aspect , and we accept Parliament 's suggestion that the Commission should present a report , where applicable , together with a legislative proposal on the environmental risks of medicinal products .
Over recent years , cases have been recorded of medicinal products that have given rise to far from negligible secondary effects on patients despite having been marketed following the required control procedure .
This situation emphasises the need for the Union to avail itself of an effective pharmacovigilance policy with the aim of protecting the health of European citizens .
It would not indeed have been possible to exclude the filter of national networks , which are the only instrument able to guarantee the objectivity of validation , the quality of data coding , the relationship of causality and relations with those responsible for reporting .
To give a clearer idea of what we are talking about here , nearly all of the fruits and vegetables that reach our tables have been treated .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , the amending budget we are discussing today and will be voting on in the coming days is an important document .
Above all , it draws our attention to the importance of sound and responsible management of public resources as a prerequisite for real development and for a future of real European growth .
In order to prevent depopulation of mountain regions , we must guarantee that the people who live there have decent living conditions with modern services and adequate healthcare , just like all other European citizens .
Europe 's new economic governance , however , must take into account not only the level of government debt , but also its sustainability in the medium to long term .
We cannot allow European citizens to pay the price for the failure of a banking system which , until now , has done anything but safeguard their rights .
This is without mentioning that the narrow-mindedness shown by certain institutions ( the Council and the Commission ) is certainly not the response that European citizens expect .
Above all , for businesses to recover effectively when the crisis , which we have all experienced , is over , it is not appropriate for them to have to pay value added tax in advance whilst they are unable to pay their employees and suppliers .
In this regard , the black symbol with the wording 'this medicinal product is subject to additional monitoring ' on those medicinal products which are subject to more thorough checks may actually ensure greater safety , as well as more accurate information for citizens .
The Commission wishes to improve the current system of pharmacovigilance by simplifying procedures , increasing transparency and better defining the role and involvement of the parties concerned .
Indeed , I welcome the objectives which have been reached of a greater level of data protection for business and the gradual introduction of a centralised authorisation procedure at European level for placing these products on the market .
The launch of a system to harmonise the approval criteria will help avoid double assessments of the risks associated with products that have already been authorised .
The performance of the European financial system depends on careful risk management and accurate assessment of the structural stability of the entire sector .
The European Parliament , together with the Council of Ministers for the Economy and Finance and the relevant Commissioners , has carried out some excellent work .
Let us not pretend that this is sufficient , nor that