An internal market should not only be about cheap goods - it is just as important to ensure high social standards for workers .
Fathers must also have the right to two weeks ' paternity leave on full pay .
This will have a beneficial effect on equality , the children and , not least , the fathers themselves .
I would venture to claim that quite the opposite is true .
It is a question of the health and safety of the EU 's women and children .
We must increase the participation of women on the labour market throughout the EU.
As we know that currently , only 60 % of women work , this will be a major challenge .
We must succeed , however , and there is no doubt that good facilities for childcare are the way forward .
A second and equally important initiative , however , is full pay during maternity leave .
Another important step towards more equality on the labour market is the report on precarious women workers , for which I was rapporteur .
Women employed in private homes , in particular , have very precarious working conditions , characterised , among other things , by little or no job security , no social security , a high risk of discrimination and a poor working environment .
The EU should therefore support the Member States to enable the precarious jobs to be replaced by proper jobs with decent working conditions .
Madam President , I would like to thank my fellow Members for their comments on my report on precarious women workers and the Commission for its willingness to take initiatives to improve the situation .
This not only means that women in Europe earn less than men , but also that women receive smaller pensions than men , and we will see many more poor women in the Europe of the future , because marriage no longer provides automatic financial security in old age .
Among this group , we see a high level of exploitation , especially among the 11 million women working as domestic workers .
This group also includes au pairs .
Au pair means 'on equal terms' , but many of the women who come from the Philippines and the former Soviet Republics to work as au pairs do not come for cultural exchange .
This situation is one that I would like to call on the Commission to investigate .
We must therefore exercise greater stringency in connection with the au pair scheme .
If we want to achieve complete equality between men and women on the labour market , women need to be fully compensated during maternity leave , and men need to be involved in looking after the children and thus granted paternity leave .
The fact that we are obtaining more information from the Commission is certainly progress .
However , in one area - the one that has been the most important both today and in the previous debate - there is reason to express disappointment .
I was a member of the Folketing , the Danish Parliament , when Denmark was lured into saying 'yes ' to the Treaty of Lisbon on condition that it did not lead to the surrender of sovereignty .
We were given the word of all the official EU authorities that there would be no such surrendering of power , and now we can see that the European Parliament is quite clearly taking on a power that was not originally intended in the area of foreign policy .
This is deeply regrettable , because very many Europeans , including , surely , the French , the Dutch and the Irish , who had the opportunity to say 'no ' at one time , entered into this cooperation with the expectation that foreign policy was an area where they would still retain their sovereignty .
That is extremely regrettable .
It is vital that we invest in education and lifelong learning in order to create the 'new skills for new jobs ' - a central part of the strategy .
This , of course , includes , in particular , the extra EUR 18 million for the lifelong learning programme .
We want to increase the number of students in vocational training who can get traineeships .
Then there is EUR 10 million for the People programme , which is intended to increase the mobility of doctoral candidates and PhD students , provide the opportunity for closer cooperation with industry and modernise the EU 's universities , and money for communication .
Mr President , Mr Wathelet , Commissioner , the axe of cutbacks is swinging through the public budgets in most of the Member States .
So , should we not rein in the EU budget ?
Yes we should , and that is also what we are doing to some extent .
We have kept below the ceilings set in the multiannual financial framework , but this will only be possible by making cuts in definite priorities and in international commitments .
In specific terms , we have had to make cuts in appropriations for the ITER Fusion project , in the common foreign and security policy , and in aid for banana-producing countries and cooperation with newly industrialised nations .
We need to review the financial perspective up to 2013 .
The Commission has just given us a communication on the budget review in which it sets out the lines for several years to come , but it does not explain how we will be able to make ends meet in 2011 , 2012 and 2013 .
We are happy with the result .
We did not want EUR 300 million for a dairy fund .
We should also help to sort out the accounting clearance problem .
We voted wrongly in this regard .
We , the Danish Social Democrats in the European