EUR 92.4 billion for commitments and EUR 87.9 billion for payments and the amendments adopted by the European Parliament Committee on Budgets give overall commitments of EUR 93.4 billion and payments of EUR 90.8 billion .
I hope that in the coming weeks we will be able to bring the proposals in the report into line with the Commission ' s schedule for reforms .
Mr President , with all due respect to the rapporteurs , the Committee on Budgets will not take seriously the fact that the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market is applauding it for its work !
The new second pillar in the matter of rural development is , of course , a special concern of the Committee .
Firstly : structural operations .
Perhaps that is why the Committee on Women 's Rights and Equal Opportunities is the last in the series of Committees to be heard this morning .
The Committee on Women' s Rights and Equal Opportunities is proposing only a few amendments and I would invite you to support them .
That is visionless and politically indefensible .
Mr Pittella also submitted an extremely important report to us ; I would therefore like to thank the three rapporteurs for the genuinely constructive cooperation which has accompanied the budgetary procedure this year .
Here we are acting accordingly and anyone should be aware of this if they come to us and say that we only want increases .
This cannot be a sound policy .
In these areas also we must ensure more efficiency , more ecological principles .
This , of course , requires that we clearly define what a European Party is and what sort of work is done at European level .
The buck has been passed to us to bring about a solution in this and to find a way to handle matters from a budgetary point of view .
The recent nuclear accidents in Japan and South Korea again show how overdue a new energy policy is .
Thirdly , the enlargement of the European Union and , fourthly , a peaceful , democratic and social development of all regions in the world .
That is why I would ask you all to correct the amendment again and to vote against Amendment No 443 and in favour of the amendment tabled by the Committee on Women' s Rights and Equal Opportunities .
In excess of 55 % of turnover in the European Community is generated by these enterprises .
We in the European Parliament recognise the challenge to give our commitment and invest our energies here , and I would like to take the opportunity today to thank you for your support in this , Commissioner .
It will then also be possible , against the background of this blueprint - as is desired by the European Parliament - to estimate the overall staffing requirement .
Cooperation between the European Parliament and the ECB , as well as the operating methods of the European Central Bank , are in a process of evolution .
In a democratic legal system , the institutional and political independence of an institution is only possible if democratic legitimisation is guaranteed at the same time , and that includes transparency of decisions and indeed the possibility of understanding these decisions .
I am filled with consternation regarding the ECB' s attack upon the Employment Pact .
Thirdly , what for me is a central question , there is clear dissent in this House , President Duisenberg , as to the views you have just expressed .
At this point , I would like to remind Mrs Randzio-Plath that the Treaty plainly stipulates that the prime objective of the European Central Bank is to ensure price stability and that any other objectives may be pursued only if they can be achieved without any risk to price stability , and that price stability itself , as the President has already stated , can have positive social and economic effects .
The European Central Bank has achieved some excellent work , it has earned the confidence of the citizens by dint of its work in the last few months , and this is what we are going to reflect in this resolution .
In 2001 , when the initial results will be there to see , we shall be able to say whether it has been a success by then , and we shall be able to say in five years ' time whether Tampere was a success .
Little that is concrete has emerged on the subject of labour migration .
Whether the conclusions of the Presidency and whether the results of the Tampere Summit will merit the term "milestone " remains to be seen .
I should like to thank the Finnish Presidency of the Council for the way in which it has set this process in motion .
I should be very grateful if this College could be located in the border area between the EU and the candidate countries , for example in East Bavaria .
They expect larger and , above all , courageous steps in quick succession .
We are therefore negotiating with 12 States in all , and it is very probable that , in a first round , more than five States will accede to the European Union .
That is only right .
The reform should also entail having the courage to change Article 4 of the EC Treaty which , in classically neo-liberal manner , defines the Union as an open market economy with free competition .
It is unreasonable to expect any citizen of the Union to read these texts .
When it came to the whys and wherefores of reforming the European institutions , reference was made to the technocratic concepts of increased efficiency and the ability to act , but not so much as a glance was directed towards the very urgent and necessary matter of establishing a European democracy