Madam President , the drawing up of a Charter of Fundamental Rights for citizens is , of course , also relevant to those issues to be discussed at the Extraordinary European Council meeting in Tampere .
Madam President , as I am taking the floor just hours after the terrible accident , I must say just how distressed the Greek representatives are and how much they grieve the tragic loss of the Greek Deputy Foreign Minister , Yannos Kranidiotis , killed while performing his duty : he was a remarkable politician and European visionary who worked hard for peace and co-operation in the Balkans and for reconciliation between Greece and Turkey and who was once himself a Member of the European Parliament .
We hope that , like the European Parliament , the Council will send a clear signal to the citizens of Europe , reassuring them that the European Union is indeed interested in and seeks to promote their vital interests , such as heightened internal security , freedom of movement , free access to justice , the fight against international organised crime , cross-border controls and respect for fundamental freedoms and rights .
We largely agree with the President-in-Office of the Council .
These policies will have to tie in with development and co-operation policies which , Madam President-in-Office of the Council , have been largely unsuccessful in the delivery of the financial aid they promised .
I would also like to make two comments on the amending and supplementary budget 4/99 and I believe that the matter should be discussed with a representative of the Council .
Other fundamental issues , however , such as the continuing phenomenon of ethnic cleansing in Kosovo , directed against the Serbian , Gypsy and Turkish communities , are not being addressed at all .
We saw no signs of this in the meeting two days ago with the Turkish Foreign Minister .
Our question concerns a specific nuclear power plant which the Turkish Government wishes to establish in an earthquake-prone area and we are correlating this issue directly with that of the terrible earthquake which took place in Turkey .
Mr President , I was very pleased to hear the President-in-Office say that the Finnish Presidency will go ahead with negotiations with certain countries , including China , with a view to abolishing the death penalty .
Mr President , I apologise for the interruption but from the text , at least the Greek text , it appears the question has been written incorrectly .
I am saying all this because my question has been written incorrectly .
I believe that from the moment the European Union was created , from the moment we had free movement , from the moment we had the Schengen Agreement and consensus on the issue of the movement of people between Member States , no country , such as the United States , should ever have been allowed to come along and rock the boat and impose discriminatory practices on a country like Greece .
I have the feeling that the incursion against Yugoslavia has whet the appetite of those warmongers who want to join the United States of America in its role as the world ' s gendarmerie .
Mr President , I believe that both the President ' s reply and the debate concerning the previous question are evidence of the selective approach of the said International community for dealing with world-wide problems , including the situation in the Balkans .
Secondly , does the Council believe that the KLA will have disarmed by 19th of the month , i .e .
Yes or no ?
Is he mindful of the fact that of the 250,000 Serbs who were in Kosovo when the bombing stopped , only a few thousand now remain .
Can he tell us therefore why , whilst Mr Solana himself is recording secret documentaries on NATO which prove that the KLA is involved in drug trafficking , prostitution and crime , the International Force is continuing to support the KLA , and why the International Community is continuing to arm and not disarm them as was agreed ?
There , three tectonic plates are adjoined and in 1917 we had an earthquake measuring 7.1 on the Richter scale .
So , notwithstanding all that , is it or is it not criminal on the part of Turkey to insist on building a station in that area ?
The responsibilities of the European Union and the so-called ' International Community ' are huge .
Already , amendment 2 of Mrs Pack ' s report which is under debate today , stipulates EU co-operation with those Albanian Kosovars who are interested in the reconstruction of their state , and that we must help them to participate and contribute to the European Union ' s projects .
Secondly , flagrant blackmail is being carried out via the criminal bombings of NATO on the devastated people of Yugoslavia who are being called upon not only to submit ethnically , socially and politically , but also to adopt a style of leadership acceptable to the Americans and NATO in order to have any hope of reconstruction for this devastated country .
The unrestrained action by the KLA , under the wings of NATO will , sooner or later , create great problems even in Albania and the Former Yugoslavian Republic of Macedonia .
Let the predators fighting for their prey begin !
Mr President , today we have heard many minced words and unclear allusions .
What is this vacuum ?
Not in the surrounding areas ?
What is more , you and other speakers are saying all this , yet , at the same time , you are condemning the ethnic persecutions and trying to reconstruct democracy .
We have a great deal of past experience , Commissioner .
I heard no mention of those issues throughout