It would be a fantastic first step on the way to taking action .
I should like , then , to thank Mr Khanbhai .
It cannot be repeated often enough that we support the fight against international terrorism and we approve of taking initiatives to freeze funds if it can be shown that they belong to , or come from , individuals or organisations that carry out acts of terrorism .
The proposal for a regulation is an expression of the fact that the EU is in a position to take action , but not to reflect .
First of all , we do not believe that Parliament should be consulted on this issue , on which it has no influence .
We believe that the procedure whereby Parliament is asked to approve the hasty adoption of the Council proposal is being used by the Council to legitimise a regulation on which thorough work has not been done .
In our view , the fact that a list prepared in the United States has been approved without hesitation is a matter for criticism .
We would criticise the fact that the proposal invalidates fundamental principles of a society governed by law , principles that protect those who have been accused against unfair and unlawful treatment .
At the same time , it must be emphasised that no infringement of these principles can justify acts of terrorism .
The Commission ' s proposal is not only contrary to Article 308 of the Treaty , but it also disregards elementary legal principles and the basic laws of the Member States .
Even suspected criminals are entitled to fair trials .
The United States has issued the Commission with a list of 27 individuals and organisations .
What is being required of us is that we undertake to judge these 27 with blindfolds on - definitively and with no recourse to appeal .
Are not democratic principles of law precisely what we wish to defend ?
We agree that the EU must combat international terrorism in all areas .
Nonetheless , we have general reservations about the proposal and , for example , reject the list of 27 terrorist organisations .
These organisations all appear to be Muslim , which may be construed as discrimination when there are also non-Muslim terrorist organisations .
Moreover , we have reservations as to whether such a list can in practice be used at all .
Mr President , I think that two messages must be sent to Macedonia today .
Much gratitude should be conveyed , as well as admiration expressed , for the courage demonstrated by the Macedonian government in proposing amendments to the constitution and giving the Albanian minority the place required by a modern democracy .
The second message I think we should convey to Macedonia should be addressed to the NLA , or what is known as the liberation movement .
Now , the Albanian population has been accorded its full civic rights .
I myself come from a border area between Denmark and Germany , in which we solved all the problems 45 years ago by according both minorities , north and south of the border , full rights in a modern democracy .
That is what Macedonia has now also chosen to do .
It is the right way , and both parties deserve our thanks .
Madam President , I do not know if you remember , but , a couple of months ago , I severely criticised the fact that we Danes were being treated unfairly .
I asked you and Mrs Banotti to look into the matter , and I should like to say that Mrs Banotti has again shown that she is good at these matters .
We are over the moon and , as Mrs Banotti can see , I am celebrating the fact in my national colours - a red jacket and a splendid white shirt from the Håndværker Bank in Næstved .
Madam President , we are a small delegation of MEPs who have just come back from the Clinique Sainte Barbe here in Strasbourg , to which a former Chechen minister , Mr Ibragimov , had been admitted after having been on hunger strike for 27 days .
Mr Ibragimov naturally drew attention to the fact that he wanted international organisations and politicians to try to convince President Putin to put an end to the war in Chechnya and to adhere to the agreements entered into between Chechnya and Russia , and I should like to convey this message of his .
Mr Ibragimov has begun to eat again .
He is still very weak , but human rights campaigners have encouraged him to abandon his hunger strike .
However , I think it was important to visit him .
Now that we are combating terrorism , we must not forget human rights , and I should like to call upon you to tell Mr Ibragimov that you are willing to meet him - if that is possible - during the next part-session in Strasbourg .
Consequences of recent events for the safety of air transport and industrial installations including nuclear power plants Madam Commissioner , the EU' s employment policy is one of open cooperation in which the Member States set common goals , exchange experiences and evaluate each other ' s results and employment policies .
We , in Parliament , should also like to see the process become more open by involving and engaging the general public more .
It is about appropriations to the work on employment policy over the next five years and about money for analyses , statistics , conferences and reports etc .
It will be the first open coordination to be evaluated , and the money for employment policy is also to be used for this evaluation .
At Parliament ' s first reading , we adopted 17 amendments to the Commission ' s proposal , covering the following