and the effects of climate change were now killing more people than terrorist attacks .
And I believe that this is yet another area in which the European Union can be at the forefront of reform , encouraging it and achieving positive results and solutions .     Mr President , a few months ago , we debated the strengthening of transatlantic relations .
For us , the case of Sudan is an important precedent .
It is vital to work with our American partners on the challenges now facing us .
We should not forget that the IMF was created to preserve the stability of the international monetary system .
It is slightly curious that two partners who , in principle , are so close to one another , do not have a framework , but rather , in practice , base their relations and cooperation on a mere declaration .
It also invited them to allow the humanitarian agencies and other international organisations immediate and unfettered access to the region concerned .
Respect for freedom of expression , and freedom of the press , but also freedom of NGOs , are preconditions for the smooth running of our partnership and cooperation agreements .
However , I can tell you that discussions between the Commission and these ten Member States on the allocation of the funds have already begun .
We know that , frequently , in many countries – but not in all – this combination of family and professional life is difficult , due in particular to a lack of crèches .
In this sense , I do not think that this decision was taken at the expense of other Member States .
In the conclusions , it invited the Commission to put forward proposals for a comprehensive Community strategy in this area which would complement national policies and fix a schedule for various measures .
This is a question of consumer protection , as people do need to know what they are consuming .     This clearly demonstrates that the Member States need to be able to act quickly and that they have the right to do so .
I cannot give you the information now , but I promise you that I will check .
The Council has also expressed a desire to work on the matter of essential medication and has supported changes aimed at making some AIDS drugs accessible .
A balanced budget is not enough for growth and job creation .
The United States , the home of mass production , made only 4.5 million cars in 2003 , and that includes a large number of Japanese cars manufactured there .
Let us , however , accept that what you have done , Commissioner , in agreement with the President of the Euro Group , is a step in the right direction .
It was both necessary and essential .
The second dimension that must not be overlooked is the territorial dimension .
It was essential to equip ourselves with tools and policies for managing the fishery resources in the Mediterranean .
However , Amendment 10 , tabled by our rapporteur , directly affects a Mediterranean fishing activity that is traditional to France , the .
Parliament supports and upholds this step .
The Europe of Brussels has just spent the last ten years sacrificing millions of jobs in adhering to dogmatic quantified targets ( 3 % of GDP for government deficits , 60 % for government debt or , again , a maximum inflation rate fixed by the European Central Bank at 2 % ) .
The specific nature of health care services justifies , in my opinion , removing health care from what is known as the Bolkestein Directive on services , as provided for by paragraph 4 of the resolution .
Azerbaijan voluntarily made the decision to turn towards Europe by requesting accession to the Council of Europe .
Secondly , Parliament , the Commission and Council have been successful in giving fresh impetus to the Lisbon strategy .
Fourthly and lastly , Mr President , as promised on 12 January when I presented the programme for the Luxembourg Presidency , we have improved our relations with our US partner .
Mr President , in December 2004 , under the Dutch Presidency – something we should perhaps not forget – the future Luxembourg Presidency was instructed to reach political agreement on the financial perspectives by the end of June 2005 .
All my colleagues in the European Council came to Luxembourg between 30 May and 12 June , from 8.30 a.m . until 10.30 p.m.
The Presidency’s final proposal , for a level of EUR 5.5 billion , would not have enabled all of that to be achieved , but at least it would have enabled the UK to cofinance cohesion policies in the new Member States , as normal , with the exception of the common agricultural policy , on which , as we know , the UK has its own particular opinions .
The package was rejected although we had introduced a further EUR 6 billion of extra CAP expenditure for Bulgaria and Romania within the envelope of the decision made in October 2002 .
To argue that the bulk of the effort , in our proposal , would have fallen on the shoulders of the old Member States is simply not true .
Today we have a disagreement .
I also want the Commission to take its rightful place in the debate – a discussion which will be both 27-times national and European .
It is quite simple : those who thought they were highlighting the dangers of a free trade area were wrong .
Very often in its plenary sessions not enough Members are present – not the case today , I am very pleased to say .
We are not machines ; we are human beings experiencing disappointment and despondency