The rules now being negotiated are significantly less xenophobic than Mr Haarder ' s proposals .
This technique of integration , used in certain quarters of the EU system , presents a deadly danger to democracy .
It is not the EU that should implement a humane foreign policy .
Mr President , I should like to say thank you to Mr von Wogau who has expertly prepared a very well-considered report on this difficult issue .
It is an issue which has been waiting to be solved for a very long time , and I wish to be the first to welcome a solution .
Those of us who want to see clear ground rules for the European institutions are often criticised for being nit picking and preoccupied with power .
In my country , Denmark , we had a constitutional struggle that lasted from 1866 right up to 1901 , in which parliamentarianism was finally adopted as the central democratic principle .
I am therefore also very pleased that , in the midst of this struggle , we in the EU are able to deliver a result , namely this practical agreement .
I am therefore very pleased about the President of the Commission ' s , Mr Prodi' s , statement that the Commission approves the content of this report , which ought to receive considerable support from the European Parliament .
Quite a few Members of the Council basically believe that this whole matter is futile and is merely a case of Parliament ' s making a nuisance of itself .
It is , in short , about exercising democratic control by means of our common European legislation .
- ( DA ) The Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party in the European Parliament has abstained from voting in favour of the overall report because we are unable to support Article 5( 1 ) of the Commission ' s proposal .
- ( DA ) I have abstained from voting in the final vote on this report .
I would emphasise that I am in favour of giving rights to third-country nationals when they accept work in another EU country .
I would first of all say thank you again to Mr Monti for the great efforts he has made in this area , and I would also thank Mr Rapkay very much .
There are also a couple of practical matters I should like to comment on , first of all a matter on which I myself have done some work , namely the Commission ' s proposal concerning the shipyards package .
I was very much against the proposed aid to shipyards , and I therefore want to ask the Commission how this matter is progressing .
I was delighted to note that , at the Council meeting of Trade and Industry Ministers at the beginning of December , it was impossible to obtain the necessary majority for adopting the Commission ' s proposal .
The Commission was not immediately willing to alter its proposal , which was based upon the results worked out in what is known as the TBR report , drawn up by the Commission every six months .
I would therefore ask Commissioner Monti to answer the following question : is there a new TBR report on the way from the Commission and , if so , can the Commissioner then inform us as to what conclusions are to be drawn by it ?
It is most certainly a proposal that does not fall within your area , Mr Monti , for it concerns the fact that , quite extraordinarily , the airlines have been allowed to retain airport arrival and departure times which , under normal rules , they have made too little use of to be permitted to retain .
That is also the reality where state aid is concerned , for it largely favours the old national companies with their monopolies .
I would therefore also permit myself to ask you a question , Mr Monti .
It is splendid to see you doing what you promised .
You are showing yourself to be trustworthy .
We have obtained a new Europe today , but we have also had a new Parliament since January .
Pat , we are hungry , in fact very hungry , and we have an appetite for change .
However , our group will always have an appetite for change .
It goes like this : ' Life ' s harvest is in struggle never ceasing .. . ' , ' ...while changeless calm is death ' s abode ' .
Enlargement is the most important matter we are facing at this time .
We are clearly the place where people are to meet , and we must make this place work .
What is most important , however - and what we have a very great appetite for - are reforms to this House of ours .
We have a need for reforms , and not only reforms of our statute - important as those are - but also changes to the way in which we work , so that we can deliver the results our electorate wants to see .
That leads me on to my next point , concerning contact with the people .
That means being able to put our own house in order and being effective and concentrating on what is really important and what we have some influence upon .
You are enthusiastic , you show your feelings , you are colourful in your speech and you use the right words .
We must be politicians , not technicians .
The Convention is what is most important in connection with the Europe of the future .
Rather than get bogged down in a dispute about whether we are to have a ' Constitution ' ,