We know that all the groups in this Parliament who have voted for the introduction of the euro have done so because they hope that it will intensify integration .
These are instruments which have long been available to organized crime , and their extension to prosecuting authorities should reduce the technical lead enjoyed by organized crime .
That is the sole objective of this Convention .
However , there is a further objection , namely the differences between legal systems , of which there is a comic example .
We received this commitment from the Commission several years ago .
There can be no doubt that the coastal regions which are particularly affected will receive specific aid if necessary .
Agenda 2000 does not provide any security .
I do not think that anyone in Europe can be insensitive enough to wilfully destroy these achievements .
Sailing and walking enthusiasts may perhaps only pursue their hobbies in the future with this high technology .
In a global situation in which the market for satellite navigation could be dominated by the United States , this agreement will undoubtedly help to ensure that European interests are protected , and that it is easier in practice to realize the full potential of satellite navigation technology .
We know that economic development in particular is very heavily dependent on three factors , namely education and training , research and infrastructure .
That is why the most important precondition is adherence to the agreement between the Ukraine , the European Union and the USA under the auspices of the G7 .
Admittedly , highhanded US behaviour ensures time and again that US legal regulations are applied in a way which is dubious under international law ; Helms-Burton and D'Amato are just two examples of this .
International cooperation in the area of competition will be one of the main tasks of foreign trade and investment at the start of the 21st century .
They do this so that in practice they do not have to keep to what they have committed themselves to in writing .
Mr President , as a European , I would like to say that I am perfectly happy about meeting here in Brussels on Saturday .
In my view , one problem which was particularly evident in the position on human cloning was that there was insufficient time for consultation with the scientific institutes which work in the areas of ethics and science in Europe .
To some they appeared too weak and ineffective to achieve sufficient stability .
Long-term interest rates show clearly that the markets are reckoning on the continuation of this trend .
The proposal presented to Parliament also requires all participants in European monetary union to observe strictly the Stability and Growth Pact .
The resolution which we are debating today will prepare for the opinion of the European Parliament on this epoch-making decision , as stipulated in the Treaty .
With 11 Member States , this will be a broad union which will facilitate the smooth running of the internal market ; 300 million people are bound together in a strong economic force with considerable economic output which will make up 20 % of global trade and 20 % of the global GNP .
This undeniable assertion should not blind us to the fact that the single currency is still an infant at risk .
The European Central Bank must have a democratic foundation , and this will probably require the Treaty to be revised .
This time , when I return from Brussels to Austria , there will be a fixed exchange rate between the Deutsche Mark , the schilling and the Belgian franc , and in fact throughout all the 11 states .
I would like to use the brief minute I have at my disposal to express in all objectivity my personal congratulations to Mr von Wogau on his well-balanced report .
The issue of occasionally but obviously excessive fringe benefits and the reduction of the tax burden on work will be priorities for European economic policy over the coming years .
We have expressions which apply to very different sets of circumstances .
In my country , this form of training has a long tradition .
The second is the actual qualification and the quality of training .
At the moment , around 300 000 men and women are working within the Member States of the EU in a different country from the one they previously lived in .
He describes clearly the issue of migrant workers who under certain circumstances face reduced entitlement to supplementary pensions if they work in different Member States .
Secondly , there was no red light after two minutes were up .
The " European City of Culture ' programme should awaken new interest amongst the citizens of the Union for the cultural heritage in our cities , and focus their eyes more keenly on their beauty .
What we have here in fact is the question of what are the conditions under which conditional access should be introduced .
Secondly , there is a very dangerous tendency for those who exploit rights to put themselves in the position of the copyright holders or of the originators , and to some extent to give these rights a subordinate character .
This directive thus represents the keystone of the internal market .
However we recognize that important interests on the part of the Member States justify the arrangements proposed .
I am sorry , but I cannot accept this argument .
It was said that this was one of the most important tasks that we face in the coming years .
It is the only way we shall achieve a reduction in CO2 .
What we also ought to be doing as a matter of urgency is to have at our disposal firm regulations on feeding electricity into the grid , otherwise we may as well not bother .
I am