become necessary as a result of our current problems must not jeopardise our future .
We have managed to do this , and we must carry on doing it .
These constraints should be respected - there are also political deadlines - and taken into consideration .
On the other hand , I think that the European Central Bank has been responsive and has acted well .
Compared to the figures circulating previously , this must be considered a step in the right direction .
Well we know how fragile the banking system is , and so I should like to ask you to look at this issue closely and I invite us collectively to learn the lessons of the past , in other words to define the public expenditure that is useful for our long-term objectives in a coordinated manner , otherwise that public expenditure will be pointless .
The Member States and the Union must act in concert and contribute to a wider response at the global level .
With regard to supervision in Europe , concrete progress has already been reported over the last few months : greater convergence between the practices of national supervisory systems so that each implements the documents in an equivalent manner ; strengthening the supervisory systems of cross-border groups by establishing supervisory boards ; and more efficient operation of European supervisory committees , with the introduction of qualified majority voting for their meetings to improve decision-making procedures .
The IMF , in particular , in association with the Financial Stability Forum , must be able to identify any accumulation of risks and bubbles in the financial system and recommend the corresponding economic policies .
I believe that , yesterday , the Council put a message across to the Commission concerning aid for the banks , and it is clear that we want flexible and quick decision-making regarding the support that can be given to the banks and the financial institutions in the current circumstances .
Mrs in't Veld , you were right to point out that the short-term recovery should be based on long-term structural reforms within the framework of the Lisbon Strategy .
Mrs Ţicǎu , I believe that one of the principles of the Commission 's proposals on the economic recovery is investment that is real and timely but also lasting and structural ; I am in complete agreement with you on this matter .
They are not the same thing : their practices and living conditions are not the same .
Like her , I too observed that , earlier , a majority in Parliament voted to defer the vote for the reasons she raised .
Mr President , Mr Verheugen , ladies and gentlemen , the European Parliament has the opportunity today to make a contribution to the process of regional cooperation that Europe has launched in a region critical to its own security and prosperity .
It is this overall approach that gives meaning to the upgrading of the EU 's relations with Israel , and it is this political dialogue that will make it possible , in our view , to ensure that the principles that various of you raised are better respected and defended and that the EU has a part to play in finding a solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict . author . - ( FR ) Mr President , Mr Jouyet , Mr Verheugen , ladies and gentlemen , our group enthusiastically supports the draft Small Business Act presented to us by the Commission last June .
Mr President , Mr McMillan , Mr Verheugen , honourable Members , as you have pointed out , ladies and gentlemen , on Monday the Council adopted conclusions on the Small Business Act for Europe , proposed by the Commission .
Our other priority , as you have pointed out , ladies and gentlemen , is simplification .
I see this as important .
Secondly , now that this EUR 1 billion seems to have been raised , what channels will be employed to ensure that the funds are moved quickly and effectively to the many different and widely spread actors in the field , as well as to the hundreds of family-based agricultural organisations ?
When it comes to the energy and climate change package , this is the first economy in the world - 450 million consumers and 15 % of greenhouse gas emissions - to attempt to demonstrate that sustainable development is possible on a scale of 27 States , notwithstanding such varied industrial , climatic , geographical and economic backgrounds .
This reaction , this wish , provided a considerable boost , a considerable push , at a time when concerns were focused on this climate , and this had a very positive effect .
I shall then propose adoption of the Council 's conclusions on the Commission 's communication on deforestation .
This gives you an idea of the difficulty facing us , but we must reach an agreement where Europe 's economic and industrial competitiveness is maintained .
Progressivity of the system should be prioritised in these cases .
I do not see how an agreement in Copenhagen would be possible without this essential prerequisite .
We must take the path that will save us from heading straight for disaster .
I believe that they have everyone 's support , and this significant conceptualisation effort to express things that are so seemingly different and at times seemingly incompatible is absolutely outstanding .
There is no denial of democracy , but a speeding-up of all the processes .
I would , however , like to make the following three points : The explosion in global food prices certainly affects the populations of the developing world in particular , but it also affects millions of EU citizens .
Taken at what level ?
I repeat : children are among the most vulnerable people in society , and their fast-developing organisms are fragile .
