It seems to achieve some of the results that it actually expects .
This survey is a fascinating one , carried out in 1998 .
It was fascinating that so many students actually bothered to take part in filling out a form and sending it back to the Commission .
The one problem , I suppose , with the results of the survey was that they were reported after we had decided on the Socrates II programme and the Erasmus parts of it .
We could have drawn some very useful information from this survey on the socio-economic circumstances of students on Erasmus courses at that time .
There are a number of interesting facts and figures .
I could bore you with them but they are all contained within the explanatory statement of the report and in the Commission report itself .
But there are a few that I have a great deal of interest in .
Certainly of the people who took an Erasmus course in 1998 and bothered to reply to the questionnaire 98 % found that the programme was extremely positive or at least very positive .
Ninety-one percent were over the moon with what had happened to them on the course .
It is a shame that 57 % of them experienced financial hardship as a result of their particular Erasmus course .
One wonders whether , when only half the money is being spent on the Erasmus places being taken up , ( half are left open at the end of each year ) the money could not be better redistributed within Erasmus itself .
When I initially tabled my report I put forward a few controversial ideas just to see if anybody bothered to read what was going on .
Fortunately two or three Members ( and the Commission as well ) did read them .
A number noticed little points that I had to then retract .
But one which is still there in point 4 of my report , which I would like to underline , is the part that condemns any internal discrimination practised in Member States .
If you had trouble getting on a higher education course in Austria for example , because you were of a certain race , this place would have been in a complete uproar .
But that is exactly what is going on in my own country at the moment , with English students who want to study in Scotland being penalised financially by the Scottish Executive .
So I really wanted to keep that in my report .
I sneaked it in there and it stayed pretty much hidden until now , and I would like to reveal it to the very few people who are in the Chamber tonight .
I look forward to my new Labour colleagues voting on this particular matter .
I believe it is slightly too late to ask for a split vote .
I have also tabled a couple of amendments .
One helps with a bit of punctuation , a bit of grammar on the particular passage in point 4 , the second in point 6 .
In the committee stage of this report part of a sentence was added which said : " considers that the survey 's findings should be taken as an opportunity to review national higher educational policies " .
I do not think it is in the remit of this report or this place or the Commission to ask for that .
So I have tabled an amendment which would delete that .
A third amendment which I have tabled has changed just one word in the English language version from "regrets " to "notes " . I really enjoyed working with the Commission and all the people that have helped me .
I would like to end by thanking those who helped me with this report , especially my researcher Nicky Smith , who waded through every single statistic .
We contacted every university and vice-chancellor in the UK and many across Europe to ask for their comments on this report .
I commend it to the House .
Mr President , last October I spoke here against the EU-Angola fisheries agreement .
My reason for doing so was simple .
All the evidence shows that agreements between the EU and third world countries have been conservation disasters .
They also seriously damage the indigenous populations .
This time we have proposals for agreements with Guinea and Mauritius , which will have similar effects .
In a way , that much is recognised in the current proposals .
More stringent checks are being called for .
Inspection vessels are to be provided , and greater note taken of the needs of local fishermen .
But that is not enough .
There is no guarantee that these agreements will be properly policed .
Policing of fishing effort in European waters is woefully inadequate , and it is therefore hard to believe that things will be any different in foreign climes .
In addition , British fishermen from the south-west of England to the north of Scotland are continuing to suffer greatly because of the common fisheries policy .
Fishermen are discarding thousands of tonnes of saleable fish and going bankrupt in the process , yet while this economic and conservation disaster is in progress , the EU is proposing to spend over EUR 7 million to give Greek , Spanish and Italian fishermen access to the waters .
By any standards , this is preposterous .
Not only will I vote against these proposals , but I shall urge my government to oppose them .
Can I first of all welcome the report and congratulate the rapporteur for his work in bringing forward this report ?
There is little doubt that fisheries agreements are coming under much closer scrutiny to determine what they achieve and what they deliver , not only for people in the European Union , but also