In that context , we shall be able to debate a package of arrangements for independent MEPs and smaller political units which are not large enough to form a group and , in that way , be able to secure the fair treatment of MEPs .
Mr President , the summit is now to discuss the composition of the Convention that is to draft the EU' s constitution .
The argument is made in terms of equality with the national parliaments which each had two Members in the Charter Convention , making a total of 30 .
Democracies can govern the EU jointly , but there is no European people , as such , to have given the European Parliament a mandate to negotiate a new constitution for the EU.
The Commission , Parliament and the governments could be observers in such an assembly .
A treaty adopted in a referendum could bear the insignia 'more democracy ' rather than 'more Union ' .
' A democratic EU' sounds all well and good , but it can only come about when there is a European public .
A ' Europe of democracies ' is the art of the possible .
The EU should be put on a slimming course and the focus shifted to cross-border matters which we cannot control as individual nations .
In that way , there would be no loss of democracy but a benefit in terms of shared influence , and the people of Europe would vote in favour of the next treaty .
Dare you allow the Belgians to vote on the Treaty of Nice ?
Mr President , 11 September will go down in history .
The subtitles on CNN have read ' America at war ' for a long time now .
Europe has been at war .
The United States has helped us in the past , and we in turn must therefore , of course , help the United States now .
Conflicts cannot be prevented with weapons .
Wars cannot be won with weapons alone and , above all , peace cannot be built with the aid of weapons alone .
It may be the case that weapons are necessary , but we must be clear that other things are also required .
The first is the urgent proposal we are debating at present .
I wish to endorse what other speakers have said .
Far too many people have too many financial interests in this matter .
That is why it has been impossible for Europe to do anything before now , and it may well also prove quite difficult now .
Afghanistan was on the list of forgotten countries before 11 September .
Now , however , the situation has become all but catastrophic .
The World Bank has produced a report showing that between 20000 and 40 000 children per day will die of hunger because of the economic recession caused by the events of 11 September .
This is shown by the Monitoring Centre on Racism in its report .
The American missile shield would not have helped in this situation .
Now , we are moving on to talk about the need to strengthen democracy and dialogue .
The ambition to strengthen the police and intelligence services completely overshadows the fight to strengthen human rights , democracy and the rule of law .
Combating terrorism must not overshadow freedoms of expression and assembly .
Terrorism , killing , robbery and the destruction of property are to be forbidden , Well , they are already forbidden .
Those responsible must be caught , and they must be punished .
I do not wish to defend anti-democratic organisations , but the question is whether our world will become safer if these organisations go underground and are made illegal .
Our task must be to remove the basis for terrorism .
However , there are problems in the alliance .
There must be security for all , including oppressed people and also the 20 000 to 40 000 children who will die of hunger next year .
There are quite a few worrying messages from the Brussels Summit .
There is no understanding of the fact that there is a political background to the horrific massacres on 11 September .
Russian genocide in Chechnya is being legitimised , and alliances entered into with oligarchies in Pakistan , Uzbekistan and Chechnya , not to mention Saudi Arabia .
Any intervention is legitimised in this way and , at the same time , attempts at international conflict resolution under the UN system , including the international administration of justice , are being set aside .
Moreover , the adoption of new police measures is tailored to the same pattern and based on the same low level of self-knowledge .
In this case , the means will deprive us of the very democracies we are supposed to be defending .
The proposals could therefore mean a long overdue strengthening of legal protection in our own countries .
Even though we are able to endorse by far the majority of the report ' s recommendations , we have not been able to vote in favour of the report , partly because quite a few of the proposals are too vague and partly - and especially - because the proposals are based upon asylum and immigration policy ' s being defined supranationally by the EU.
We agree that , in the longer term , the EU should develop a common asylum procedure and a uniform status for persons granted asylum .
Moreover , the EU' s immigration policy should be adapted to developments in the world .
We are nonetheless alert to the fact that the communications relate to an area covered by Title IV of the Treaty Establishing the European Community and do not apply to Denmark , cf . the protocol on Denmark ' s position .
- ( DA ) The idea of regulating politically the