Having been the rapporteur on Parliament 's guidelines on employment policy in 2000 , I take pleasure in referring to what we in the plenary decided almost unanimously at the end of 1999 .
The under-representation of women , to which Mr De Rossa has referred , means that effective measures need at last to be taken to support them in all positions in businesses .
Standards certainly need to be developed for an international system of certification .
These things are all consequences of a policy under which those with any hope for the future leave the country , and only the poor are left .
That really is exceptional , as this item on the agenda is otherwise much more diverse .
In real terms , this involves us supporting civil rights campaigners , supporting - as Mr Belder pointed out - the independent media , and making it our concern that the spirit of freedom should not be smothered by tyranny , but that that same spirit of freedom should prevail in Belarus as elsewhere .
However , none of the governments - whether right or left-wing - really support the Criminal Court , and it is my view that we need to hold a debate during this part-session which will allow us to make it clear that we reject any proposal to grant immunity to anybody outside this Court .
Thank you very much .
The benefits to the environment are , in addition , estimated at around EUR 350 million .
How is that to be achieved ?
Locating such small quantities separately , collecting them separately and transporting them for thousands of kilometres across the Member States , would make no sense in either environmental or economic terms .
You see , the Packaging Directive has already been transposed in widely divergent ways , and incurred different costs , in the individual Member States , rather than leading to the harmonisation that is required .
Turning to the targets , the targets proposed by the Commission ought to remain largely unchanged .
There is an overall shortage of foodstuffs and feedingstuffs , particularly of protein crops , and deficits in the area of protein production .
What I seek at the international level is for the Blair House agreement to be at last seriously reconsidered and for all parties to see the urgent necessity of facilitating the production of plant protein in the EU in accordance with the regulations .
It has repeatedly been urged in this House that we should renegotiate the Blair House agreement .
Mr President , you have already answered one part of my question , but I wanted first to say that I do not know whether I signed myself in yesterday , although I was here all day and actually voted .
Let me make that clearer by giving some examples .
So I ask you to vote for these projects by a large majority .
Fourthly , we need clear procedures for authorisation and appointments and transparent rules on charges .
I can understand why service providers and regulators are to be separated , but I am opposed to the option contemplated of destroying the hitherto integrated air traffic control system by awarding individual contracts , some of them to operators in the private sector .
All that , including the thanks to the Commissioner and to the rapporteurs , merits nothing but agreement .
The Commission said in its first speech - which was in the summer of 1999 - that a single system of air traffic control is a typically European problem , and one that we must deal with in a European way .
Mr President , Madam Vice-President , in principle , we transport experts among the Christian Democrats also support the Commission proposal on noise charges , as we have to use higher charges for noisy aircraft to give the airlines a practical stimulus to use quieter aircraft , and thereby protect the public from a needlessly high level of perceived noise .
The proposal for a directive does , however , have one grave defect , and now I want to sound the same warning note as Mr Jarzembowski in saying that it makes for downward harmonisation , albeit involuntarily .
It is precisely the introduction of the euro that makes it so necessary to harmonise in this area .
That way , nothing can go wrong . '
I kept in touch with President Prodi during this time and , on behalf of our group , told him - he was , I believe , in the Czech Republic at the time - that I supported him in so far as I could , and assured him that any commitments he might make would have our group 's support .
Even in a catastrophic situation such as this one , the Stability Pact must not be jeopardised , for this is an issue of confidence in the European currency , of confidence in the ability of the European Union as a whole to deliver the goods .
This brings us to the proposal that the European Union , using a specially created fund , could take on the cost of the interest incurred .
The coming weeks , though , will see the question raised of whether it will be possible to preserve the important alluvial forests and their resources , and hence also to keep the waters back , or whether the Elbe development will proceed .
It cannot be , or rather it should not be , the case that Europe 's poor are treated unequally .
The Structural Fund - Michel Barnier has been mentioned - the law on subsidies and public procurement ; all this has to be taken into consideration .
It is too late for people to have an experience of the European Union as a real help .
What is needed , and in