Europe and the United States share the same values , democracy , human rights , and the free market economy being among them .
American military were very quickly on the ground to provide practical aid .
There is a difference between cancelling and relieving debt .
Then we can be generous , but – as is the case in all forms of development aid – that generosity cannot be unconditional .     Madam President , there is nothing wrong with cancelling debts , certainly if it involves countries in desperate need , as is at present the case in South East Asia .
How much will this cost ?
The new president ’s government should , as its first task , entrench democracy and the rule of law , as well as develop the economy .
In any event , the resolution which Parliament is discussing today goes quite a bit further than what the Commission and Council have been prepared to do so far .
Eventually , all those involved agreed to this with great maturity .
That is something that I , as a convinced Calvinist , should like to mention .
Meanwhile , the new Ukrainian President and Government are faced with two sensitive tasks .
The death penalty , whether to be carried out immediately or delayed , has been used by the Chinese state as a means of quashing the wishes of a large part of the population of Tibet .
Or do we in Europe want to promote over there our views about a democratic constitutional state , diversity of political and religious opinions , freedom of association and democratic majority decisions ?
It is high time for the Committee on Civil Liberties , Justice and Home Affairs and the Committee on Foreign Affairs to reconsider the list of terrorist organisations and in doing so , help to end the violation of human rights in Iran .
I have abstained from voting on this resolution , obviously not because I do not acknowledge the suffering of the Jewish and other victims of a criminal national-socialist regime , criminal like so many other socialist regimes and dictatorships .
My group was divided over the text , because it appears that the major role of Communists in the resistance to Nazi barbarism was concealed on purpose , and without amendments , one could be forgiven for thinking that Poland shares the responsibility with Nazi Germany for the destruction of millions of Jews .
The pleas for extra tax on international financial transactions , the famous Tobin tax , strike me as eccentric , as does the extra tax for multinational companies .
It also allows us to pursue a more environmentally-friendly policy as a result .
There is a host of new proposals in the making , and they all constitute small steps forward , on paper anyway , for in my experience , Member States very often put the brakes on .
To them , the idea of mutual recognition mainly appears to be a way of not having to change anything at national level .
The proposal that is now being debated is far too long in coming .
The Commission has used an apt example to illustrate that this is clearly not the case .
I should like to outline a few key points .
I think it is important that we should finally have the facts on the table .
That is why , when talking about definitions , and particularly about how to define small services of general interest , it is appropriate in any event not to jump the gun and to say that we know what is to be understood by it for all eternity .
However , we do come up against the Court ruling in the Altmark case , which brings us to the fourth criterion .
Exempting compensation paid to hospitals and social housing is a first step , but we think that others should be added to the list .
I am told that she has indicated a willingness to take some of our amendments into consideration .
I would like to continue this discussion with the Commissioner in due course .     .
I think that that should very much be part of macro-economic policy , that we do not in the first instance compete as Member States against each other , and create distinct profiles for ourselves which also need defending in terms of the Stability and Growth Pact , but that we opt for this European perspective and adopt economic policies in line with that .
Mr President , I should first of all like to thank and congratulate Mrs Ries .
Tobacco smoke has a devastating effect on the health of passive smokers .
The use of catalytic converters in cars has been successful , but too little effort has been made to date , and the statistics are alarming .
At the Detroit car show last month , a zero-emission passenger car was launched , the like of which we have not seen at European car shows .
Mr President , it is very complicated because during the whole process the structure of the report became rather complicated .
The act or series of acts should specify among other things : ' .
Switzerland is a pocket-sized European Union , entirely surrounded by the EU but itself divided up into 23 states which each have major autonomy and can , consequently , pursue their own tax policies .
The idea of an authority withdrawing and admitting free competition is pernicious to such vital activities .
Nature plays an essential role in the development of the countryside and cannot be see in isolation from other aspects of agriculture and of other employment initiatives in the countryside .
Following on from what I said about agriculture being , by nature , a form of rural