For many years I have called for the issues of the arms industry and trade to be the business of States alone .
Unfortunately , my country - it is not only France , the United Kingdom and other often-mentioned European Union countries - is not entirely free of blame in this matter .
We cannot shed crocodile tears on Thursdays over conflicts that are continually supplied by the legal or illegal trade in these arms .
I want to stress our full support for the designation of 2003 as European Year of People with Disabilities .
What makes it worse , as Mr Andrews states in his opinion , is that they are not hindered by their disabilities , but by their environment and the attitudes towards them .
The exclusion of people with disabilities from society not only denies their fundamental rights , but also deprives society of diversity and inclusivity .
They are now Amendments Nos 20 , 45 , 47 and 48 .
Apart from showing some solidarity with these workers , Madam President , I should like you to inform the Commission and the Council of this serious situation that is affecting thousands of Portuguese workers .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , first of all , I wish to congratulate Mrs Gebhardt on her report on the creation of the Eurojust unit .
Secondly , the role of the Union ' s institutions has been strengthened and the Commission is fully involved in the work of Eurojust in its various areas of responsibility .
As Commissioner responsible for Justice and Home Affairs , I wish to congratulate and pay public tribute to Mr Watson , the Chairman of Parliament ' s Committee on Citizen' s Freedoms and Rights , Justice and Home Affairs , whose efforts and name will always be associated with this initiative of enormous political scope ; the fight against terrorism and against crime in the European Union .
This is the text currently under consideration by the Council .
With regard to jurisdiction , the debate in the Council is close to reaching a solution that is very similar to the one recommended in the amendments tabled by the European Parliament .
If we limit our ambitions in this way , we will not be fulfilling the mandate laid down in the Article 31(e ) of the Treaty , nor will we be following the recommendation contained in the Watson report .
The text we are now discussing , submitted by the Presidency , includes a positive list of offences for which a double jeopardy verification does not have to be carried out .
This is an essential component .
I hope that the Council resists the temptation to remove provisions that offer protection on the grounds that they are not necessary , since the Member States are , in any event , bound to respect legal safeguards .
The Commission feels that it would be desirable , where the identification of the laws and principles that safeguard fundamental rights in a European judicial area is concerned , to extend these rules .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , I shall conclude by referring to Mr Watson ' s proposal for an oral amendment that was tabled here today .
I would also say that , if these offences are considered to be offences that warrant police cooperation under the terms of Europol , they must also be considered to be unquestionably serious for the purposes of judicial cooperation in criminal matters .
I would ask you , Madam President , to attempt to get to the bottom of this matter , and should this information prove to be true , to convey the objection of this Parliament .
There are currently considerable differences between Member States , inasmuch as only six Member States have specific legislation on terrorism ( one of them being Portugal ) .
Hence my vote against it .
It is , therefore , important to promote this judicial cooperation , and the exchange of information between Member States .
It insists on speeding up preparations for a new Treaty , which will extend federalist integration , 'forgetting ' the lessons and the political consequences of the Irish people ' s rejection of the Treaty of Nice .
This would send the message to scientists and to industry that they should opt for the development of techniques that are not highly developed today and which are extremely costly , such as adult cell manipulation , but which still have a broad scope for use .
( PT ) Whilst some advances in establishing the European Food Authority are positive , I still maintain that it cannot act as a panacea for solving food safety problems or as a smoke screen for public opinion .
.
Secondly , the Commission should carry out an in-depth analysis of the reasons which lead some countries to make extensive use of the different programmes and others to record a low or nil rate of use .
Mr President , Mr President of the Council , Madam Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , with the constructive attitude of both branches of the budgetary authority , the European Parliament and the European Council , and with the support of the Commission , it has been possible , throughout the different phases of the complex budgetary process , to find an answer to a series of new challenges , ensure that previous commitments are fulfilled and deal with most of the priorities defined for 2002 .
For the first time , the Council accepted amendments adopted at first reading by Parliament within the framework of the common agricultural policy , thereby opening up promising prospects for cooperation .
Compliance with commitments entered into previously , whether in the context of Agenda 2000 with regard to the common agricultural policy and the Structural Funds , or with regard to programmes arising from codecision or even concerning the policy