Thus , Russia has recently concluded an agreement with Ukraine , Belarus and Kazakhstan on the formation of a common economic area .
The EU has its own separately agreed arrangements with these countries .
Where appropriate the European Economic Area , which was established between the EU and EFTA , could be taken as a model .
The Commission proposal for a new financial instrument for neighbourly cooperation will eliminate those problems which we have had harmonising internal and external financial schemes .
Can you ensure that human rights are implemented in Chechnya and do your very best to seek a peaceful solution to this region’s problems !     – Mr President , one of the great areas of historical tension in our age is the struggle between state sovereignty and universal human rights .
It is excellent that the European Union , whose own external sovereignty is very weak , has , in a core area of its foreign policy , human rights , focused on the elimination of these two serious ills especially now when thoughts about armed security dominate the shaping of the new world order and at the same time violence against a country ’s own citizens is worryingly becoming of relative importance .
A state that kills and tortures should never have international legitimacy .
The universal organisation’s particular strength has indeed been considered to be respect for human rights , but at the same time its Charter is firmly anchored in the notion of state sovereignty .
The plan will involve diplomatic and other types of risks , but the goal will make them worth taking .     – Mr President , at present a team of experts in the field of border control operate in Finland .
In other words , has the Council any plans at this time regarding what is to happen to this team of border control experts that currently operate in Finland ?     – Mr President , the Intergovernmental Conference has not just been a forum for rubber-stamping the Convention , as was feared among governments at the start and was very much hoped for here in Parliament , and this IGC seems to have developed into a real IGC.
At present it is obvious that there are practical problems with the timetable .
The IGC only has approximately five weeks more to go and things have not been moving along at the required pace .
I am referring here , for example , to the Legislative Council getting buried .
It is necessary to abandon the complicated system regarding the weighting of votes under the Treaty of Nice so that decision-making in the EU does not become immobilised .
It is imperative that the proposals by Spain and Poland to alter the balance of power between the governments of the Member States should be rejected .
Horrifying images and theories about an overly large and stagnant Commission and idle Commissioners were greatly exaggerated .
I am sure jobs and meaningful subject areas can be found for 25 Commissioners .
My main proposals were narrowly defeated in the committee vote .
Up till now I have defended the work of the Union to citizens in many contexts , because it is based on law and not on the power of the strongest .
European cultural organisations formerly financed from Section A relating to administrative expenditure need a legal basis for funding to be able to continue .
In this connection it should be stressed that the problems with the report do not concern these points : what is most essential for the funding of the European Bureau of Lesser-Used Languages and concentration camp memorials is that the legal basis should be brought into force from the beginning of the year .
We spoke here of haste , but I think that if we want to we can obtain some results quite quickly .
Firstly , the application process and Parliament’s practice of earmarking are at odds with one another .
I think it would be a very good idea to make the funding of cultural organisations part of the new culture programme in preparation .
A small and gradual fall is , I think , acceptable , to be able to make room too for new organisations .
This way the continuity , which is necessary , is guaranteed .
The application procedure for 2005 could then be commenced in good time at the start of the year .
These proposals were overturned in the committee vote , although they are clearly in the interests of cultural organisations .
At present there are organisations on our list which in fact no longer even exist .
Parliament is the legislator and in my view it should not try to wield any executive power .
Furthermore , however , when a car is sold for transfer to another Member State there are actually a good number of problems .
Ten years ago the Court of Justice of the European Communities stated in the famous Nunes Tadeu case that in no single case may the tax levied on a car be more than the proportion that car tax makes up of the market price of a similar used car .
I myself brought an old Citroën van into Finland a few years ago and I paid EUR 17 000 – this was for bringing my own vehicle into one Member State from another .
He paid EUR 7 000 for it in Germany and in Finland just a month ago he paid EUR 12 000 in tax .
This is how the internal market works in Europe .
Furthermore , removal vans should not now be taxed more than the equivalent of the administrative costs incurred , although the situation in Finland , for example , is totally different .
In the longer term we also have to say goodbye