belong to the professional organizations .
I have to say that the Commission is encountering huge opposition here , although it has sought - with some success , I believe - to introduce elements of social policy into the common fisheries policy , much against the will of some States , as Mrs Péry is , I imagine perfectly well aware ; this is , moreover , of an optional nature , but now that the possibility is available to them , many Member States , although in favour , are not particularly disposed to make use of it .
A third factor , however , on which I do not particularly agree , is that of the voting system in NAFO.
But what the Commission can undertake to do is to transmit the data as rapidly as possible ; in fact , we shall also be able to look into the possibility of collating the data in a uniform manner - that is something we can do but , of course , using data collected by others .
Let me begin by reminding you that Mr Arias Cañete had asked me to attend the committee on 29 May , something I could not do because that was the very day that the Commission discussed and approved POP IV : the problem was therefore that of being in two places at once , a problem I am , unfortunately , not yet able to resolve .
That more general decision will be attached to the 13 national plans which the Commission will have to negotiate with the thirteen Member States .
I would point out that , before we submitted POP IV , we held 38 regional conferences with the fisheries sector .
Therefore , small-scale fisheries , which provide more jobs , are not covered by the proposed reduction .
It may be self-evident but that is how it is .
And if there are no fish , then there is no sector for an industry which is one of your concerns , ladies and gentlemen , but - believe me , is one of mine too !
In accordance with Article 10 of Regulation No 3699 , modernization of the fishing fleet , in particular for occupational health and safety reasons or with a view to the use of more selective gear , continues to be a priority of the structural programmes .
Mr President , Commissioners , ladies and gentlemen , the UPE Group , which I represent , supports the spirit of this proposal which was approved by our committee .
Mr President , Commissioner , I wish to make a number of points that I put forward in the Committee on Energy , Research and Technology , that were mentioned in my opinion and follow on quite naturally from what has just been said by the rapporteur on the substance , Mr Hoppenstedt .
Moreover , the fact that there are several operators means that competition is secured .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , it is important that we succeed in laying down international rules to enable us to reach a framework agreement on catching wild animals using traps or methods that do not involve cruelty .
The availability or otherwise of any type of trap , be it the kind that kills or the kind that restrains animals , should in any event be based on standards agreed between the States of the Union , third countries and the indigenous population , with professional trappers , those who study wild animals and veterinary experts being consulted .
We should bear in mind that combating unemployment is a priority not only of the individual Member States but also of the Union as a whole .
It is in that firm belief that , as mentioned by Mr Bloch von Blottnitz , the Greens are prepared to support the amendments to the Commission text tabled by Mr Pimenta : Amendments Nos 19 , 20 , 21 , 22 , 23 and 28 in particular remedy the unacceptable loopholes which the Commission proposal to amend Regulation No 3254/91 would allow for the purpose of continuing to bring into the European Union pelts obtained using traps .
I believe that all should be given the same opportunities and that Parliament 's amendments - at least those of the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development whereby the flexible portion available to the Member States would be increased from ECU 116 m to ECU 424 m - will make it possible largely to resolve this problem .
Mr President , Commissioner , in my view , the Council 's proposal for a regulation properly has the air of an emergency measure in what is developing into a real crisis , not only from the economic point of view but also because of its political and institutional implications .
We therefore propose concentrating resources as much as possible on the national element by unhooking the measure from the system of premiums .
On that point let us hope that by keeping to the course it was right to adopt the Italian presidency can succeed in saving the Florence summit , which British intransigence has put at risk .
Emigration , transport , agriculture and fisheries are all Mediterranean issues which need to be examined more closely in the last moments of this six months than has been the case up to now .
It is a real contradiction to have a common currency , but no common economic , fiscal , or employment policy , no common foreign policy , and no common justice policy .
And that is why it may be important - and I say this particularly to representatives of the European Socialist Party - for the European Union , under attack from the United Kingdom and faced with these blocking tactics , to act as fourteen countries for the time being , because by its obstruction the United Kingdom has de facto withdrawn from joint decisions