Commission .
By this means , the Right wants to use tax revenue from the citizens of the EU to support America’s illegal war , America’s illegal occupation and the puppet government America has set up in Iraq .
Other representatives of our group will adopt a position on problems relating to the Structural Funds in their speeches .     – Mr President , I would like to ask the Commissioner whether , in connection with the study dealing with the evolution of rules pertaining to meat products , it is also possible to investigate the restrictions which relate to the mechanical separation of meat and bone matter .
I have heard , however , that the Commission is planning such a ban for poultry too .
I was glad to see that the report takes a very similar line to that of the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism with regard to the problem of outstanding commitments in respect of the Structural Funds .
In my opinion , the most important of these are the simplification and clarification of the system .
Structural Funds payments have piled up to an alarming extent .
The rapporteur has found a sufficiently rigid and balanced approach to its application .
One problem is the inadequate nature of Member State payment claim forecasts .
We will have the necessary ingredients for this when we have data based on the mid-term reviews .
The Intergovernmental Conference now going on will have to create structures that will make effective decision-making and action possible .
Secretary-General of the Council of the European Union , Javier Solana , deserves our support while he frames a strategy on which the Union’s foreign and security policy will be based .
The Commission proposal on the new neighbourhood policy is currently being debated by Parliament .
The proposals for a common foreign and security policy being discussed by the IGC are a logical extension of the decisions reached at the Helsinki Summit on improving the EU’s crisis management capabilities .
At the same time we have to insist that strengthened cooperation should be open to everyone .
I am pleased that my own Group of the Party of European Socialists has now taken a very special approach to how to improve the way the UN performs .
Multilateralism also involves maintaining transatlantic relations .
I would add that it is only the creation of civil society that will form a basis for democracy and security .
High-tech states can attack anywhere – and that has even happened and in even quite a rash way too .
What special form of insecurity has come about in those countries whose neighbours are other EU states ?
The way we approach international problems has to be in the form of civil crisis management .     – Mr PresidentRussia is already now by far the most significant country the Union shares a border with .
That border , which is 1 200 kilometres long , will grow to twice the length when the Union expands into the Baltic countries .
The Union has already strengthened its cooperation with regard to energy in Russia’s direction , as we heard the Commissioner say , which is vital if we are aiming to find a replacement for North Sea energy sources , which are running out , and avoid becoming solely dependent on the Middle East’s energy resources .
In our opinion the Union has to use all the economic and intellectual means it has to try and help the advance of a stable market economy , the development of democracy and see the rule of law become established and take root in Russia , because any other sort of Russia , if it remains a nuclear superpower , would also be the greatest potential security threat to the Union .
This does not apply just to Chechnya , but also and above all to the Chechnya region and the war and destruction in Chechnya that continues still .
That is why we demand that Russia shows even greater political initiative and openness and that it should make considerably better use of international organisations in more open solutions to the problems of Chechnya , as Commissioner Patten also said here in his speech with regard to questions of security in the region .
Mr President-in-Office , we are not convinced that the recent elections and referenda were conducted honestly .
In my opinion , the Council’s impression of a positive development , which Mr  Frattini suggested there was , is not absolutely in keeping with the truth , and we noticed there were slight but obvious differences in the positions presented here by Commissioner Patten on the one hand and the President-in-Office on the other .     – Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , relations between the European Union and Russia have improved , but not enough .
Now it is estimated that after enlargement that figure will rise to 60 % .
The Russian President has set two objectives in his election campaign : firstly , to create a strong central power based on the rule of law , and secondly to extend economic growth to the vast sections of Russia’s population who are poor .
We have also had a taste of Russian isolation .
In its time it was a gift to Stalin , who pulled down the shutters and began having his own people killed .
This is precisely what many Russians are hoping to obtain from us .
These aims will serve to allow Russia to join the World Trade Organisation as soon as possible .
We propose that there should be an international conference and arbitration with regard to this matter and also that relief organisations should be allowed access to the region promptly .     – Mr President , the biggest single project between the EU and Russia is the creation of a common European economic area .
