with the two proposals on the table - more precisely the proposal concerning the first report and your comments on the proposal for a single mathematical formula - I do not need to remind you just how long-standing a dossier this is , debated by the House on several occasions .
Finally , since the Commission has frequently wished to see a deadline of one year set for the transposition of directives , it must welcome the fact that Parliament 's amendment gives a deadline approaching that , albeit a little longer than the one proposed by the Commission : at any rate , we are moving in the same direction .
Turning to the report on consumer credit , I wish to make just a few points , perhaps to clear up some misunderstandings that may have arisen and that I am anxious to sort out .
Let me now consider , simply in order to prevent misunderstandings , paragraph 4 in which the House rejects the Commission proposal to include in the scope of the directive loans for renovation and modernization work not guaranteed by mortgage .
Your rejection of this seems to me to be based on a misunderstanding because any extension of the scope of the directive to cover renovation and modernization work does not , in our view , seem to pose a threat to the market in loans for renovation guaranteed by mortgage , clearly bearing in mind the particular features of the latter type of loan .
In my view , the Commission approach is more broadly-based and more beneficial to consumers , and I would ask the House to consider this in the light of what I have said .
In fact , we consider that equality to be an achievement of the historical process , the final act more or less , after the freeing , at least in theory , of the slaves , blacks , children , foreigners and people of different race .
That needs to be stated categorically and backed by the force of the Christian democratic ethic also .
I am prepared to accept that line of argument but it then needs to be developed fully and not applied exclusively to companionship of a sexual nature .
All in all , I believe that we need to embark on a process of reflection , but this should not take place behind closed doors but in the open , with wide-ranging discussion of this particular issue : the problem of companionship and de facto partners .
For the moment , any overly broad definition of the universal service would involve unacceptably high costs that would stifle competition .
I am pleased that the report produced by the Committee on Economic Affairs and the European Commission 's approval of that report have quickly brought us to a common position .
Our task is to provide the Union with the rules that will best serve to increase the competitiveness of the industry involved in telecommunications and audiovisual products and services and also make our society more interconnected , better informed and , therefore , I believe , more cohesive and democratic .
They are , in any event , required to join the professional register in the country in which they intend to pursue their activities and to respect its ethical rules .
The obligations with which they must comply are as follows : they must have a valid diploma or qualification that gives them access to the profession in a Member State ; -they must be in legal possession of the appropriate professional qualification and be a member of the appropriate national association ; -they must join the professional register in the country in which they intend to pursue their activities.The governing authorities of the Member State cannot refuse to recognize valid qualifications and diplomas issued by the country of origin .
I am referring to the Council of 20 January - noncommitted and unproductive Council which says a great deal about Europe 's inability and unwillingness to intervene in the area .
The Commission should , within the framework of its programmes , provide technical assistance for the reform of the financial and banking sectors , since , as a result of the collapse of the pyramid investment schemes , Albania is now facing a deep financial and economic crisis .
I cannot believe that Berisha and his government were unaware of what was happening , that is , massive fraud at the expense of the Albanian people .
Mr President , I , too , should like to address the Commissioner on this issue , since we are , today , strongly condemning the State terrorism practised by the Iranian authorities .
It seems to me that the situation is very serious and sufficient to require special action that , in my opinion , has unfortunately not yet been taken .
Mr President , as previous Members have already said , the situation that is emerging in the former Yugoslavia demonstrates the limitations of the Dayton Agreement , which our group has pointed out on several occasions .
In addition , we obviously need to guarantee dialogue - something that we , the Green Group , have long been demanding .
The intention , therefore , is to suggest that anyone who is right-wing is also racist and that anyone who is a racist can only be a right-winger .
In this respect , I should like to emphasize Joint Assembly 's essential role and contribution in the discussions launched in 1996 on the issues and challenges represented by renewal of the framework for cooperation which , beyond the year 2000 and in a worldwide context of fundamental change , will need to continue to shape the privileged relations that have united them since the beginning of European integration .
