institutional recognition of partition and acceptance of the fait accompli of Turkish invasion and occupation .
Cyprus , that tiny country with its long history and tragic vicissitudes over recent years , covers the far side of the Mediterranean dimension of the European Union and , by virtue of its position , can contribute a great deal to the Union 's Mediterranean policy .
It is the basis on which a fair , viable , workable solution can be found ; the sort of solution that the UN Secretary-General 's plan should bring about once it has been negotiated by the interested parties .
More importantly , the integration of Cyprus into the European Union is a test and a challenge to Turkey in its efforts to speed up the process of meeting the Community criteria , the process which will enable it too to join the European Union at a later date .
Mr President , Mr President of the Commission , Commissioners , the Committee on Women 's Rights and Equal Opportunities , which I have the honour of chairing , welcomes the Commission 's initiative to introduce a more compact and integrated political planning procedure .
Mrs Diamantopoulou assured us at a meeting with our committee at the beginning of October that gender equality policy was a Commission priority and we have heard nothing to make us think otherwise .
In all events , I welcome the initiative to put the Commission 's annual progress report on sexual equality on the agenda for the spring summit under the Greek presidency .
Have we any news on this ?
The main reason for this is because information and news are concentrated in the hands of a few major owners who are also powerful businesses .
The resolution under discussion turns a blind eye to the real dangers and keeps to a general stand on pluralism and freedom of expression and incomprehensible ( obviously compromise ) proposals on how and if the European Union should legislate in this area , which is why the MEPs of the Community Party of Greece voted against it .
I think that the European Parliament should throw off its present financial straitjacket and call for a substantial increase in the Community budget , so that the cohesion countries can continue to receive structural aid and new members are not treated , financially speaking , as second-class citizens .
Especially as today 's vote was rejected by a conservative majority : 1 ) our amendments on Cyprus , including an addendum to the effect that the political solution must make provision for a two-zone , twin-community , federal state with one sovereignty , one international personality and one nationality , the amendment expressly calling for refugees to be allowed to return home and the proposal to replace the expression 'northern Cypriot leadership ' with the expression ' Turkish Cypriot leadership ' .
Former socialist countries with advanced research facilities were reduced to living on miserable handouts from abroad and the ?U.
That is why the MEPs of the Communist Party of Greece did not support the report .
However , even this second Commission proposal still has a question mark next to it , based as it is on the internal market rather than the protection of public health .
The European Parliament is therefore taking an indirect stand against the basic option of reforming the common fisheries policy , which would mean an end to public aid for the modernisation of fishing vessels .
It likewise rightly identifies the dangers to the economies of coastal areas affected by these measures .
We would point out that proposing such measures without first carrying out the aforementioned studies is a contradiction in terms and that we have reservations about and are opposed to any further strengthening of the role of the Commission which helps bring about further integration .
Since the beginning of the 1980s , temporary agency work has become an important cog in the wheel of the European job market as companies strive for more and more flexible employment management .
In many countries , however , temporary employment is looked down on , mainly when flexibility and quality of work are not pulling in the same direction .
I think it is extremely important that the Council and Parliament manage to approve this directive , which sends out a very important political message that the European institutions are prepared to shoulder their responsibilities and take action even where the social partners are unable to agree .
The fact that all this is happening with the assent of the compromised leaders of the trade union movement and the International Labour Organisation merely demonstrates their destructive role .
If they are accepted as they stand , workers will not in most cases receive the same wages as workers in the user company .
At a time when national markets are fast turning into European markets and we are on the threshold of enlargement , highly diverse labour legislation and differing rights from one country to another are obviously creating distortions on the internal market .
But what is important politically is that this sector is mushrooming and workers ' rights are being distorted left , right and centre , which is why we need to be pro-active and regulate it as quickly as possible within - I repeat - a general framework .
Serious concerns were expressed about the model getting tied up in red tape .
Flexibility must not be interpreted as meaning fewer or no rights as a prerequisite to job creation .
There are two types of amendment .
The first type clarifies the proposal and adds a number of definitions .
I think it conveys the objective of the directive much better .
The definition proposed for the term 'assignment ' is far more accurate .
I accept the amendment rewording the reference to social services more clearly