The Kosovo crisis shows that the Geneva Convention on the status of refugees is in no way obsolete .
Even if they are dependent on unanimous Council decisions for the next five years , they will still be removed from the jurisdiction of the Member States and transferred to the Community .
Everyone here is in favour of granting asylum to the victims of political persecution .
In my opinion Amendment No 6 is a typical example of how the system can be simplified , for instance in the case of goods installed , so that simplifications can also be made in this area .
After all , we are not against the introduction of harmonised energy taxation in principle .
The text might then read as follows : ' Interior heating systems for cars must be such that they can be operated safely ; they must be covered sufficiently to prevent passengers from being burned , and finally they should emit few harmful chemicals ' .
To be cautious about this , I should like to express it as follows : alongside this stability , social justice and solidarity with the weaker members of society must of course also be key features of this policy , not only at European level but also right down to each individual locality .
Unfortunately , good things cost money .
I should also like to comment on sales promotion .
It begs the question of whether associations already in existence might not be able to perform this task .
Early retirement for farmers , the setting-up premium for young farmers and modernising agricultural holdings to reduce production costs , for example , are extremely important measures , and I should like to welcome the fact that they are presented here in a separate rural development pillar .
In Bavaria , we have already created the capacity for 7 000 people .
Amending and correcting the regulation on the common organisation of the market in fruit and vegetables is extremely important .
I should , however , also like to thank the Commission for presenting a report here which has made it very easy for us to endorse its conclusions on this issue .
Finally , I should like to express my hope and voice my request that the German Presidency and the Council as a whole should support this important building block in a social Europe as soon as possible .
It is an important step towards building the social dimension and towards creating a proper partnership in the European Union and - you are right - it also has economic advantages .
The PPE Group supports it here as it did in the case of the EWC , and we are still hoping for the PSE Group 's agreement .
You see , if an overtired lorry driver runs into my car , although I am driving properly , that is certainly not exactly good for me .
I have one further comment on Sunday rest : I do not see why it should not be possible - in our modern flexible world of production - for us to agree on a time of rest .
I am speaking here on behalf of the PPE members of the Committee on Transport when I say that it is good that road transport - a sector with over five million employees - is not going to be excluded any longer ; in my view , it is simply obvious that this should be the case .
We can see how important this is in Europe at the moment : once again a war is being waged here .
When this was first discussed , we said that we would have liked the measures on developing countries and third countries to be adopted on the same basis , so that the same article of the Treaty could be used as a legal base .
The Council has rejected a whole series of amendments .
This will mean the end of the competitive advantage - or the fair terms of competition - which they have enjoyed hitherto .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I should like to express my particular thanks to the rapporteur , Mrs Oomen-Ruijten , a member of my group , for presenting the report and for her careful work .
At that time , we proposed some extremely strict limit values , as I still believe we should be doing today .
The present Commission proposal is more stringent , and I support it because it makes sense .
I also believe that we still need waste incineration plants because we are still a long way from a circulation economy in which everything that is produced can be recycled or buried underground .
In this respect I must say that in my view the idea of combining the two directives into one is not bad because it is much easier to work with one law than to have to comply with two different laws , and because it different rules and different interpretations .
The most important prerequisite for success is sufficient funding .
The changes mentioned by Mr Valverde López will certainly make the programme more attractive .
If we now include services I find this very positive .
Denmark and Sweden are next , with considerably lower figures .
Pollution has repercussions for health , and we must focus more closely on this .
Applause Rarely has a presidency of the Council had to take such important decisions as you have in the first three months of this presidency 's term of office , and whatever people may think of particular aspects of the decisions , one thing has become clear : our European Union has proved its ability to act , for which we thank you .
I will not go into that in detail now .
That was another test of the common foreign and security policy , for it