A euro can only be spent once and may this serve as a caution to both you , ladies and gentlemen , as well as the absent Council .
Let us therefore , in the capacity of budget authority , assume our political responsibility .
It is as if Berlin never happened at all .
The system assumes that the payment appropriations more or less simply follow the spending patterns , but the Council adds its own mechanism , and it is that mechanism which threatens to undermine Berlin , despite the fact that Berlin is under way in real terms .
But that confidence is being shattered time after time .
The food authority must provide objective information to both consumers and decision makers .
Food safety is a global task ; we should not cut ourselves off from produce from the United States or developing countries .
The report is right to draw a distinction between risk analysis on the one hand and risk management on the other .
This respectability will be gained , not through laws or legislation , but through integrity , academic brilliance , neutrality , duty to be accountable , transparency and comprehensibility .
We must realise that consumers must regain their confidence in food and that is a fundamental human right .
We mainly eat tasty food , even if we know it is unhealthy .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I believe that the Bowis report forms a solid basis for further work and I believe , Commissioner , that there is now not one single reason why you , so to speak , could not produce the legislative proposal tomorrow , for the large majority of Parliament is now agreed on the way forward .
I would single out two of these : we urgently need PCB standards at European level , as well as a positive list of ingredients of animal feed .
I welcome the fact that rapporteur Bowis , who has done sterling work , has opted for a positive approach to the White Paper .
It can nevertheless - and we have first-hand experience of this in Belgium - be a determining factor in managing the extent of a crisis and in whether consumer confidence in the institutions survives or not .
To conclude , let us hope that the Member States might join in the vision shared by Parliament and the Commission , and that , above all , they will assume their responsibility , not only as constituent parts of the Council , but also as a body which must ensure that inspection in the field is carried out efficiently once the European measures have been transposed in national legislation .
It is important for this food authority to be able to function independently .
Mr President , recent incidents which involved meat from sick cows ending up in the food chain in the Netherlands and France , as well as the debate which has flared up again in Great Britain , underline once again the need for tighter monitoring and inspection of food production .
In the final analysis , decisions must be taken by the European Commission , and Parliament must , for example by means of a discussion on the annual report , remain involved in the work of the agency .
Upon careful examination of the White Paper in the Member States and here in Parliament , it will then be given legislative status in the form of a new draft directive .
I would have liked so very much to have drawn a comparison with the EMEA , and I also wanted to include notification and product approval as part of an agency ' s remit .
Secondly , it is obvious that we are often fighting a running battle , for while these mines were being cleared in Afghanistan by all kinds of associations , others were being re-laid elsewhere .
It is better to clear strategic regions , so that new life can be breathed into the local economy , etc .
The Socialist Group feels part of this massive international anti-landmine campaign and we , together with other MEPs here , are proud of this .
Europe is in the vanguard of the mine-clearing and destruction programmes .
It has been noted - rightly so - that over the years , there has been a useless build-up of long and complex treaties , and it would be good if these were to be re-written as one brief and readable framework treaty , which makes it clear to everyone what has been agreed so far .
Not one single EU rule should stand in the way of far-reaching cooperation , subject this to conditions or require that others join in .
This colonial era has now passed .
On the one hand , we want to support disadvantaged areas in and outside of Europe so that they achieve the same standard of living and level of amenities that is now current in the EU.
( NL ) Mr President , as draftsman of the opinion of my committee , I would like to highlight the importance of Hong Kong in terms of international trade .
We should bear in mind that in the framework of the EU-China agreement with regard to the possible accession of China to the World Trade Organisation , these bilateral agreements will need to be reviewed .
We are the first to express our anxiety with regard to the Hong Kong government ' s decision to apply for an interpretation of the 1990 Basic Law from the Standing Committee of the National People ' s Congress .
Finally , we would call for permanent vigilance with regard to the freedom of press , the need for laws with regard to fair competition and the possibility of an open trade relationship with Hong Kong and Taiwan .
More so