with a high degree of e-governance .
This is not a requirement in the directive , but hopefully most Member States will have information in several languages at the points of contact .
Political support for this is , of course , very important .
However , it will take time to put this in place .
Lastly , Parliament asks how the interested stakeholders have been involved .
In many countries , there has been broad social consultation on the proposals for implementation in order to obtain various pieces of information and views .
Mr President , in the compromise reached in 2006 , the Socialist Group in the European Parliament withdrew demands for social considerations to be given priority over the freedom of companies that provide services .
Otherwise , as Mr Harbour wrote in a press release , it would not have been a compromise .
However , the Commission quickly drew up guidelines stating that companies providing services do not need to have a permanent representative in the country in which the work is carried out , and therefore the trade union has no counterpart with which to negotiate .
This article talks about coordination of research and technological development activities between the Community and the Member States , precisely to ensure greater consistency between national policies and Community policy .
However , I believe that the problem and the key to your question is that Article 165 does not give the Council the right to act .
In the light of this , it is the Presidency 's view that the Council should adopt conclusions on this joint programming initiative on the basis of the text that has been tabled by the Commission .
The Presidency will try to ensure that Parliament 's views are , as far as possible , incorporated into the conclusions that are to be adopted when the Competitiveness Council meets on 3 December this year .
Madam President , Alzheimer 's and other dementia-related diseases are dreadful .
The French Presidency held a very important conference , as one of the honourable Members mentioned , and the Swedish Presidency held a conference in September on dignified ageing , with Alzheimer 's as one of the items on the agenda .
I think that the Barroso Commission has all too often not dared to challenge the Council when the Council was seeking to move backwards instead of forwards , but now the Commission has done just that .
There are those who claim that marking is costly , but many products are already marked , so the additional costs should be minimal .
At the same time , many important consumer products are missing and I think , therefore , that the list should be extended .
The treaty is now ready and approved , but that does not mean that we can go over to the new procedure straight away .
For one thing , we are in full agreement about implementing this year 's budget process under the old rules , as trying to change this in the middle of the reading of the budget would result in chaos .
This will take time .
We have also included in the report a number of opinions on the nature of the new permanent solutions .
In conclusion , I would just like to say that the change that this will mean for the budgetary procedure is a good example of the simplification and reduction in bureaucratic procedures that the whole of the EU is in dire need of .
I am , of course , in favour of facilitating travel for citizens of third countries who want to travel to the EU.
I therefore abstained in the final vote .
They have got very strongly involved , and quite rightly so , as this is ultimately about freedom of expression and our civil rights and freedoms .
It merely refers to a review prior to exclusion - not a judicial review .
This , in fact , opens the way for a network where it is not a foregone conclusion that all users will have access to the whole network and where not all sites have the same possibility of being viewed .
This means , of course , that in the event of a conflict , it will be the European Court of Justice that decides .
At that meeting , we agreed on the EU 's strong and collective mandate in preparation for the UN climate conference in Copenhagen .
Emissions from international transport must be reduced .
We have set a reduction target for aviation of 10 % and for shipping of 20 % by 2020 compared with 2005 levels .
The destruction of the rainforest must be halved by 2020 and have ceased by 2030 .
A lot of this has been achieved in cooperation with the European Parliament , with the climate and energy package forming the basis for the EU 's ambitious positions .
In order to achieve the result that we have worked for for so long , we must now mobilise all forces within the European Union .
The Earth 's climate has waited long enough .
It requires an agreement in Copenhagen which , overall , achieves large enough reductions in emissions for the target to keep the Earth 's temperature increase to below two degrees to be within reach .
Finally , the agreement must include a review mechanism so that it can be adapted to whatever science shows to be necessary to manage the climate .
The binding agreement should be transferred , according to a clear timetable , to a ratifiable text , which is more of a technicality , as the content should be provided in an ambitious agreement .
The EU has , in particular , been a driving force for the rapid provision of money for adaptation measures and measures to prevent the deforestation of rainforests