It gives a political signal that with Agenda 2000 we are playing with fire .
It is very clear and very radical in certain approaches , specifically as regards prices .
Nevertheless , it is very unclear as regards additional measures .
As has also been said several times , we want this agriculture to fill Europe 's land and continue to play an environmental and social role .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I first want to congratulate the rapporteur on his report , and on having moved on very skilfully to set the guidelines for what our future CAP should look like , in view of Agenda 2000 , eastwards enlargement and future WTO negotiations .
This reform of yours could and should turn into the common agricultural and rural policy - the CARP.
As we see it , the provisional pre-accession instrument , from the structural point of view , is not a structural fund , ladies and gentlemen , but an alternative Cohesion Fund .
This year , we stand at 1.14 % .
Study is needed to find the best way to include rural areas , industrial areas in decline , urban areas and fishing areas , with a proper application of the principle of subsidiarity in all cases .
Mr President , I want to congratulate Mrs Schroedter on her report , and tell her that the best thing about the report - and she should not be upset by this - is that it is indebted to the proposals made by the Commission , and specifically the Commissioner here with us today , Mrs Wulf-Mathies .
And cohesion cannot be understood without the fundamental link to the internal market which now , with the single currency , is a full internal market .
Among the report 's conclusions , I would like to emphasise - because it is so important for cohesion policy - the express recognition that two-thirds of the total Structural Fund resources should be allocated to the Objective 1 regions .
I conclude by thanking our rapporteur again for her excellent work , which will serve as a guideline for the Committee on Regional Policy in its task over the next few months , in analysing the highly reasoned and balanced legislative proposals presented by the Commission .
Monetary union and the single market will mean that investment is centred on the rich countries more than ever .
Madam Commissioner , first of all , thank you for your full and thorough reply .
I know your sensitivity towards an institution such as UNESCO , and I must tell you that the matter you have raised , like many other matters , demands that we should cooperate more , and not ignore each other .
So I would like to see how the three institutions concerned with the cultural sphere can progress together in the same direction .
But for that reason , I want to go back to the idea of sensitivity .
That is what we are studying at the moment .
Two weeks ago I attended a meeting between nine large cities , which addressed the subject of culture as a means to combat exclusion , and I was very encouraged by that meeting .
It also talks about retaining a two year transitional period , justified by the legitimate confidence inspired among category B licence operators by being able to transfer the certificates , as provided by current Community regulations .
The matter was discussed in the European Parliament 's Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights , and in that committee we studied both the WTO working group 's statement and the Appellate Body 's decision .
If the Commission proposal goes ahead as it stands , and the sector does not receive more protection , we are going to find ourselves with a production sector which is now unprotected , whereas prior to the adoption of Regulation 404/93 it was fully protected .
So we think an autonomous tariff quota of 100 000 tonnes , as already requested by Parliament , is better suited to market demands than the 350 000 tonnes proposed by the Commission .
Also , we do not yet know how the Commission plans to compensate Community producers for losses they suffer as a result of not having a licence regime like the one currently still in force .
Nevertheless , we are decreasing our investment , and it is also decreasing in every Member State of the European Union .
Since time is short , allow me just to underline paragraph 40 , which calls upon the relevant authorities to prepare what the text refers to as a treaty on renewable energies , EURENEW , which combines the European acronym with the English word "renew ' .
Not because of the principle , Mrs McNally , not because we want to relinquish our rights , but because of the content of some of the provisions which , to my mind , suggest that this document should be considered further and subjected to a better analysis within the Committee on Research , Technological Development and Energy .
The aim of this amendment is to extend the scope of the regulation and adjust it to developments in Community rules on intellectual property rights .
Israel is not withdrawing from the territories , but is continuing to occupy them and keep thousands of Palestinians in prison .
I want to underline here , as was pointed out by both the Council and the Commission , that our involvement in the Middle East peace process was a forerunner to the elaboration of a common foreign policy .
It is that Israel has a greater moral responsibility , in that the fiftieth anniversary of the creation of the State of Israel has just been celebrated .
And we have to recognize that positive experiences in the field of