One key reason why reform has been taken more seriously in the CEECs is that they have applied for membership of the European Union and know what this entails .
No one would dispute that the Russian situation is extremely dangerous , but matters would be many times worse if Europe had not minimised the risk of a domino effect by preparing for enlargement to the east .
In our future efforts to promote European cooperation , we need to stress the positive spin-off of the two major European projects : EMU and enlargement to the east .
In its desperation , Russia might be tempted to return to centralised control .
Madam President , one of the first things I was involved with in this House was the decision on the Customs Union with Turkey .
All these things were going on then and continue going on now , several years after the agreement was signed .
I know that the Council has not discussed this issue , but I would put the following consideration to the President-in-Office .
It is a hidden problem and therefore not easily located .
In Sweden at any rate , it tends to be women from the CEECs that are exploited the worst .
I can point to my own country , Sweden , as an example - although the problem undoubtedly also arises in Austria and several other countries - since only two per cent of the population can benefit from this aid , which in my country means 185 000 people .
From a business perspective , the terms have to make economic sense .
Environmentally , it is all about sustainable management of a particular resource , ensuring that it will still be there for a long time to come .
I would not claim that we have succeeded yet , but we are at any rate on the right track .
I should like to comment briefly on that .
An identical amendment has been tabled there .
It behoves us to remember the role played by fishing and agriculture in times gone by .
We are now still living through the intervening period of interregnum which followed .
If we are to avoid massive structural transformation of a senseless and unnatural kind , the less affected sectors of society must contribute towards keeping the best parts of these traditional activities alive .
Once this has happened , subsidies can go .
I will therefore abstain when it comes to the vote .
But comparing the text we have in front of us today with the one tabled in January , I too must concede that it looks very different - and the changes are certainly for the better from my point of view .
Some minor flaws do nonetheless remain and I have put down a few amendments , two of which I should like to mention here .
We need to know how a strategy such as that followed in Switzerland actually fares when the results are set alongside those of different policies implemented in other countries .
We can then form an opinion as to where the strong points of the various approaches lie .
That must never be allowed to happen .
Of these four integral elements , preventive action is the most important .
Our group 's coordinated stance has contributed towards this acceptable result .
We do not need a supranational approach to matters which can equally well be handled at the local level .
We all deplore the damage done by drugs and wish to limit the suffering caused .
Drug abusers need therapy , education , and social back-up if they are to overcome their misery and appreciate that there is more to life than drugs .
We can then select those that are working and set about solving the problems .
The drugs debate generated more heat and talk than any other I can remember - bar the discussion on our own allowances and benefits .
What better demonstration could there be of the need to proceed with pragmatism , particularly when dealing with our young people - who primarily crave a helping hand .
We now have the three UN drugs conventions , plus the political position taken at the New York meeting from 8 to 11 June this year .
Otherwise we will be running counter to the goal of a drug-free society .
I cannot , however , endorse all the recommendations .
I disagree ; there must be some misunderstanding here .
Finland has proportionately fewer prisons than many other countries , yet it takes a tough approach to crime .
The right monetary policy instruments must be deployed if the European Central Bank is to enjoy credibility .
In his excellent explanatory statement , Mr Hoppenstedt notes that the importance of minimum reserves is waning .
We can therefore support the proposal for a regulation , since it gives the ECB plenty of leeway to assess whether minimum reserves are necessary and , if so , how high they should be .
The Hendrick and Katiforis reports cover the provisions for imposing sanctions on institutions which fail to meet their responsibilities and honour their commitments .
We cannot afford any lack of clarity , although the reporting burden should not be too heavy .
Mr President , as we know , Sweden will not be taking part in monetary union .
My main focus will be the provisions governing minimum reserves .
Minimum reserves constitute an extraordinarily important monetary policy instrument - one which we deployed with great success in Sweden until 1985 .
The main lesson for us is that minimum reserves do matter in terms of monetary stability .
Secondly , we have trading in derivatives - which also swells liquidity .
All these elements make it very difficult to come up with precise rules on minimum reserves -