It is easier just to have the picture of a flower .
In particular , the proposal accords greater responsibility to the bodies responsible for eco-labelling and to various interest groups when it comes to establishing ecological criteria .
This applies , in particular , to various interest groups and to the environmental bodies dedicated to eco-labelling .
Their participation is crucial if the present voluntary instrument is to be favoured and made more widely available in the correct way .
With regard to Amendments Nos 1 , 4 and 8 , which propose active participation on the part of environmental and consumer organisations , the Commission shares the view that their support and participation is crucial if eco-labelling is to be balanced and credible .
Amendment No 5 proposes four ways of making the fee structure more flexible and easier for those who apply to be accepted .
The Commission is able to support this amendment , too .
Before the vote tomorrow , it needs to be made clear that certain amendments to the present report have not been translated .
If we are to be able to vote on this report , these amendments need at least to be read out before they are voted on .
I should never have believed that there were so many of them concerned about waste in Europe .
This is a common commitment and a common responsibility .
It is true that , when it comes to the ways in which waste is dealt with and is co-incinerated using large quantities of biomass fuels , there are really quite enormous differences between northern Scandinavia ( where the transport routes are also long ) and the densely populated areas of Central Europe where the problem is , quite literally , more one of waste incineration and of refuse collection and disposal than of , for example , generating combined power and heat .
Together with the Council ' s determination to arrive quickly at a common position , the report has helped with the efficient reading of the Commission ' s proposal .
Together with the directive on waste deposition , the directive on waste incineration will put a stop to methods of treating waste which do not take account of future generations ' needs and interests .
Both directives constitute a firm basis for the sustainable treatment of the waste hierarchy , with improved preventative measures , better recycling and environmentally safe deposition of waste .
Unfortunately , Mr Bowe , it has been 11 years since the technical requirements in these directives were last reviewed . 43 amendments have been tabled .
The Commission is not able to approve the first section of Amendment No 14 .
The European Parliament ' s Amendments Nos 1 , 2 and 7 , which are aimed at introducing provisions concerning the treatment of waste , cannot , for reasons of principle , be approved .
The amendments would involve the provisions in these acts being duplicated or becoming more ambiguous .
Articles 12 and 15 of the proposal concern access to information and reporting .
The Commission is not able to accept these because they would place an additional burden upon those responsible and because no justification of their real value can be provided .
Any further amendment for the purpose of making the limits stricter or of removing from certain plants the right to be regarded as exceptions would threaten the delicate balance achieved in the common position .
As I have noted previously , the Commission accepts parts of Amendment No 4 , which refers to Directive 74/442 and which indirectly makes it possible to exclude the incineration of infected animals on farms .
It is not , of course , the intention that these should be incinerated .
There was a certain amount of confusion because we at first believed that we were concerned here with dead animals and infected dead animals , of which we thought exceptions should be made .
Seen from an environmental point of view , it is also intimately linked to the next subject , namely Mrs Myller ' s report .
I am convinced that these two reports together provide a sound basis for positive developments in Europe in the fields of health and the environment .
The climate in southern Europe is often used as a reason for , or explanation of , the high levels of ozone which are often to be found in the summertime .
It is also these matters which we can influence by means of the Directives concerned .
We know that exceedance of ozone limits directly affects children ' s lung capacity .
Within the European Union , we have achieved a certain amount of success when it comes to improving air quality .
If we are to be able to solve this problem , we need to take measures with clearly defined subsidiary objectives .
The directive on national emission ceilings , which is the next point on the agenda , will lead to improvements in ozone levels so that the target values in question might for the most part be attained .
The Commission is able wholly to approve Amendments Nos 3 , 4 , 6 , 7 , 13 , 14 and 15 .
We also agree that the Member States should inform the public as to whether they intend to prepare and implement short-term action plans and , if so , in what ways , and that they should also inform them as to how often such measures have been taken .
Nor do we believe that the Member States should be enjoined to analyse whether short-term measures are an effective tool in each individual case and in each individual place where the threshold value has been exceeded .
The Commission believes that progress by the Member