for the country 's economic situation .
This political decision cannot be justified on the technicality that the payment had already been delayed once , until after the elections , and that it was just the third in a series of payments .
Commissioner Frattini has just set a good example by going into the specifics of the report , enabling us to see exactly what the Commission stands for .
If so , what difference do you believe it will make as regards control by the Court of Justice , including over Europol ? author . - ( NL ) Mr President , we too have put questions to the Commission , and I expect the Commissioner to answer them .
They are a typical European minority , for which a special European policy could be developed , together with the Member States concerned , with a separate responsibility for the European Union - as , indeed , was recognised in the pronouncements of the Brussels European Council .
However , simply criticising is not my political style , and Ms Ferrero-Waldner has given me some cause for optimism .
Their interests should be represented by their MEPs .
The desirability of political stability also applies at regional level .
All the attention is now going to economic growth , export opportunities to China , opportunities for cheap imports from China , the growing role of China in Africa and the coming Olympic Games in China .
Madam President , European states brought tribes together in colonies in Africa that did not have good relations with each other , and divided other tribes by drawing boundaries right through the middle of their lands .
Foreign companies have benefited from this .
Nasser gave his people pride and inspiration for the future ; he was to put an end to their status as a backward and humiliated country .
Long-term stability cannot be built on these foundations , where problems are not solved but covered up with violence .
The amendments to the Emissions Trading Directive will certainly hurt various sectors .
We must stand firm and ensure that the legislative frameworks ensure responsibility and justice in everything and for everyone , but particularly with regard to the environment . on behalf of the IND/DEM Group . - ( NL ) Mr President , there is good news and bad news from the Islamic Republic of Iran .
Parliament fortunately is able to talk about it .
This is an issue that concerns both the citizens and the Member States of the European Union , so we feel it is entirely proper that it should be on the agenda .
We wholeheartedly support this .
I think that our main role is to see whether this is necessary , whether it is the start of a new arms race , whether it really will improve security and whether it really will help us to combat the 'rogue states ' .
My Group expects this to result in poorer delivery services for consumers , deteriorating conditions for workers and extra costs for the Member States to maintain and restore their universal postal services .
Finally , one problem that has not been resolved is greenhouse gas emissions from maritime shipping .
Hence my question : what will happen with the boat people and migrants after they are picked up ?
Clearly , this gives rise to major coordination problems .
Once again , the enlightened souls of Euroland are engaging in wishful thinking and playing with the security of European citizens .
Therefore , the group has endorsed the Hall report 's appeal to the European Commission for the phasing out of energy-inefficient appliances and their replacement with more efficient models .
Mr President , Commissioner , this debate is really a warm-up act for the discharge procedure currently taking place in the Committee on Budgetary Control , and for the extraordinary hearing that we are to have next week with Commissioners Špidla and Hübner .
This report by Mr Pomés Ruiz also sets out very clearly what needs to be improved : the presentation , the content and the organisation of the information .
I ask you to convey this message to the Secretariat .
Within the Structural Funds , five Member States accounted for 84 % of the reported irregularities .
The main problem area in own resources is the VAT 'carrousel ' transactions .
It is a matter of reciprocity .
That is one thing , and I am also pleased that you are open in saying why you cannot come up with proposals right now , because it is simply very difficult to reach agreement in the European Union about what is the best way forward now .
We need to discuss transparency in the system , the greater flexibility that is necessary , a better definition of what a European company is , and the social and environmental aspects in terms of determining the interests of the European Community .
That seems to me an important starting point for a discussion and I am pleased that the Commissioner has been so candid about the problems that he himself faces . on behalf of the IND/DEM Group . - ( NL ) Madam President , over the last few months the credit crisis in the USA has shown that a purely capitalist system is unsustainable .
And at the end of the day , inflation is theft .
Religious freedom in that country is a total fiction .
But it also merits attention on account of the position of the religious groups I referred to earlier and of other minorities .
Without constant control by the European Parliament , however , poverty reduction will not be able to take centre stage in EU foreign policy , still less without the appointment of a separate European Commissioner for Development in future