On the one hand , the requirements concerning public participation in line with the Århus Convention are to be included in new Community legislation from the outset .
During conciliation the Member States undertook to promote practical opportunities for public participation .
In addition , authorities will be encouraged to promote environmental education of the public , which will also undoubtedly be in the authorities ' own interests , in that the extent to which people participate effectively can only improve through education .
On the one hand , the public could genuinely participate when it is vitally important to check the operating permits of installations and factories , such as when there is a danger of an increase in the amount of environmental harm being done .
What was for Parliament an important victory in principle , albeit small in scope I suppose , was when during conciliation a process for exclusions relating to national defence projects was adopted .
In accordance with the Århus Convention , projects relating to national defence may be excluded from the scope of the directive only on the basis of case-by-case decisions by the Member States ' authorities .
In conciliation we arrived at a solution that is satisfactory as far as Parliament is concerned .
We can therefore be confident that the ratification process of the Århus Convention on the whole will make headway in the Community without undue delay .
It has already been said here that the directive will fully entitle the public to participate in the decision-making process right from the start , especially as regards planning and the implementation of programmes , the environmental impact evaluation process , the prevention of pollution , and the reduction in pollutants in general .
It will also allow the decision-makers to take the views and concerns of the public into account when making decisions .
The requirements concerning public participation in line with the Århus Convention are to be included in future in relevant Community legislation from the outset .
It is also good that public participation is to increase in the most important areas of all , that the public right of access to information about the reasons for granting or refusing a permit is being endorsed , and , once again , that authorities will be required to provide correct , clear and explicit information .
Madam President , I will now present here the final appraisal of the directive on fuel quality , which we originally adopted in this House in 1998 .
We actually had to put forward an enormous number of arguments to get the reform through that would reduce the sulphur content of diesel and petrol to a considerably lower level than it was then .
This turned out to be a very strategic and wise move .
The essence of this reform , which we in Parliament are today getting prepared for the home straight , is now that by 2009 only petrol and diesel fuel which is , in practice , virtually sulphur-free will be permitted to be sold in the European Union .
These new engines , like direct injection engines , for example , will inevitably need these sulphur-free fuels .
I would say , if predictions can be made here , that this situation will come about earlier than this anyway because many Member States have realised that this process can be speeded up substantially by granting very small tax concessions for cleaner fuels .
It is to be decided then whether there can in fact be sulphur-free diesel fuel by 2009 .
As rapporteur , I am only sorry that with this general solution we have not decided now that sulphur-free diesel fuels will be on the market in 2009 .
The suspicion has arisen that the production of sulphur-free diesel fuel would mean increasing levels of carbon dioxide emissions .
This was perhaps the most problematic issue of all in the conciliation discussions .
Madam President , I wish to correct one thing in the documentation .
I would like it recorded in the Minutes that Parliament adopted 36 amendments at first reading .
Removing the barriers to trade on products from developing countries on the part of the EU has not visibly improved the situation in third countries , although the EU is the largest export market for agricultural products from the developing countries .
Besides removing barriers to trade we also have to promote the spread of fair trade products in the Union .
A drop in fair trade threshold prices would help them to sell in the EU.
At the same time the Developing Countries Fund should be used to support in particular the farms that go over to operating under the fair trade sign .
Low-interest loans and development aid should be granted to develop these farms so as to organise training and education programmes for those who are left jobless , especially women .
Member States should also favour fair trade products in public procurement , with increasing demand resulting in lower costs and lower retail prices .
Increased large-scale irrigation is no longer possible .
At present the seriousness of the famine in Sub-Saharan Africa is specifically due to the fact that conventional humanitarian aid can no longer be used to prevent a catastrophe owing to political instability in the region .
Often it is mainly women who suffer from famine .
Although women produce more than half the world 's food , according to an estimate by the UN 's Food and Agriculture Organisation , they nevertheless have the poorest prospects of owning land , being granted credit , studying and enjoying their social rights .
There is therefore very firm political backing for aid for the victims of famine and for financial support for the developing countries .
That must not be .
They have a pain threshold .
Mr President , I would like to draw