But first the applicant countries must make their own contribution .
Chancellor Schröder , who is inexperienced in office , and particularly so at European level , is providing against the future by saying that we must not place too high hopes in the German Presidency .
The Sakharov prize was an award for fighting terrible systems of bondage .
It is only logical to regard women 's rights as an indivisible part of human rights ; but it will take great efforts for this to penetrate people 's minds too .
It is also important to mention at least some of the women and men who are fighting for human rights , as has been done during today 's solemn anniversary , because there is one thing we should make clear : it is not a question of Europe taking action against Algeria , against Turkey , against Indonesia or some other country .
Accordingly , the European Union too is judged across the world by its everyday political actions , by the way it protects human rights on an everyday basis .
In view of the importance the Council attaches to passenger safety in civil aviation , it is of course self-evident that it will give priority to considering any proposals on the matter that the Commission might submit to it .
So it would be important finally to implement the provisions that were once discussed in IATA , and to restrict hand luggage to one piece .
At the same time , at present there is still some hope of working towards a solution based on a political settlement - and we encourage both sides to do so - under the United Nations process .
It does seem a little early at this stage to discuss future measures when we all know how difficult it will be even to hold the referendum and when we are all , at this moment , struggling to ensure that a referendum is held at all .
The Polisario , Algeria and Mauritania accepted the package , while Morocco initially questioned it .
Mr President , Mrs Sierra González , I have in fact just discussed the humanitarian aid that is being allocated through ECHO and also by many countries on a bilateral basis .
I myself , as I said at the outset , told the UN Secretary-General that we were prepared at any time to conduct a joint mission either with him or with James Baker .
Where is the frontier , at which degree of latitude does the coastal region belong to Morocco and at which to Western Sahara ?
In the light of that , I am sure you will allow me to refer you to one of the basic principles of European Union action .
We must manage to ensure that a critical mass of minority-group refugees return , so that this becomes an irreversible process .
I believe that the Council should rethink these criteria and try to break through Croatia 's isolation , since no progress can be achieved through isolation .
Mr President , Commissioner , I would also like to begin by thanking Mrs Schaffner for making a serious attempt to get to grips with respect for human rights in the European Union .
Too often , Member States are themselves accused of violating human rights within their own borders , while at the same time trying to compel their trading partners to observe them by including human rights clauses in their trade agreements .
However , even the traditional human rights are not yet firmly enshrined in the law of the European Union .
What is stated in the guarantee declaration must be observed .
This is inconsistent with minimum harmonisation .
It does not concern bank credit , which of course cannot be interrupted because of a defect .
That is our concern , and it is clear that we must make sure that these aims are realised by linking environmental and consumer protection .
We should also include light commercial vehicles , because of course they also emit CO2 and they are fairly heavy polluters particularly in urban areas .
To this extent , the consumer should also know exactly how much fuel a car consumes and what tax advantages he might gain from it .
After all , it was experts who fixed binding rules , and incidentally the aim is similar to what we are planning under the bus construction directive in the Murphy report .
But they also affect all natural ecosystems .
The large groups only want it from 2004 , in any case .
Nevertheless , it is important that we should at least hear what the President-in-Office has to say .
That is what the Rules of Procedure require .
The Commission did not tell us about this until yesterday evening , and I believe the rest of the committee would not have voted for the amendment either .
On behalf of my group , I should like to say plainly and unequivocally that responsibility lies with Saddam Hussein and his regime , and from your words , Commissioner , I infer that this is the view of the European Union , of the European Commission .
There are certainly good grounds for claiming that a new resolution would have been superfluous , since a basic resolution , which covered the sanctions too , had already been adopted .
It is a dangerous situation , whether it results from the American desire to take action or because nobody else is prepared to perform that function .
What is far more crucial , however , is that we should learn from the situation in Northern Ireland and from other cases too that it is necessary for the European Union to play its part in establishing a deadline for the resolution of these conflicts .
Their last hope is