steelworks are located , is a region in industrial decline that comes within Objective 2.
With many years trade union experience behind me , seldom have I witnessed such tension and such pride .
The news that arrived at the end of the meeting held today in Palazzo Chigi therefore explains why the workers and the inhabitants of the city took to the streets and why they have been able to broaden their network of alliances and support .
The European iron and steel sector is currently suffering as a result of the decision taken by the US to impose import duties on steel , principally from the European Union .
It is no coincidence that directors , managers , researchers and local politicians lined up alongside the workforce to fight on behalf of the product and the research associated with it .
The steelworks in Terni are the city ’s history and pride ; they represent the memories of the air raids that took place in the Second World War .
When the management of Thyssen Krupp announced the closure of the magnetic steel section , the whole city – as Mr Sacconi said – took to the streets with the workers .
The Thyssen plant in Terni , which is currently suffering heavy losses in the magnetic steel sector to the benefit of the Russian company Duferco , is cutting back production and preparing to transfer operations to Mexico , Korea , China and India .
In this sense , in response to threats to employment and gradual social impoverishment , the Commission should give a commitment to review the rules governing the structural funds .
Meanwhile production has already been moved to India , with an eye on China , where the cost of labour is ridiculous and laws for the protection of workers and the environment non-existent .
In my view , this is the task of the European institutions , but I also think that that task should stop there .
We hope that this is nothing more than a mere delay .
Measures are being adopted which , in fact , fail to respect fundamental rights with the result that Parliament is forced to bring such measures before the Court of Justice , the most recent example being family reunification .
It is not by chance that it is then stated – somewhat light-heartedly , in my opinion – that the European arrest warrant has already been approved by eight Member States .
Yes , but about what ?     Mr President , in the near future , freedom , security and justice will be particularly crucial areas in view of the different approaches that the new and existing Member States have towards such problems .
The separation of powers in the modern State has currently been thrown into question , first by common laws , then by constitutional laws which people are attempting to pass off as common laws , which means they are not subject to qualified majorities and second readings .
In view of the time available to me , I will deal mainly with the political aspect .
Agreement with the Commission has also been reached on that point .
Do we not demonstrate that we can succeed at being parliamentarians without having to take additional exams in order to be recognised throughout Europe ?
Look , one motor vehicle has turned over .
At that moment I woke up and realised it was a dream .
On the road the army searched the ambulance , made the injured man’s wife get out and on arrival at the hospital it was too late for him .
The things that happen around this wall are intolerable .
The same problem arises when somebody dies : the cemetery is on the other side of the wall .
Help us ! ’ Those are the words of Sister Dominique , but far worse , in fact , is the situation of the inhabitants of Qalqilya who are prevented by the wall even from seeing the sunrise .
It does not follow the 1967 borders but instead penetrates into and divides Palestinian territory .
Why is it , where the Israeli authorities are concerned , that international law and human rights violations must always be put to one side in the name of negotiations that do not exist , and the Quartet , instead of applying pressure in favour of the roadmap , allow time to pass by and the dying to continue in Palestine and Israel ?
That infamous wall was constructed and supported by those who today want to knock down the Israeli wall .
Consequently , I hope the argument that Israel must become a member of the European Union , supported by a large number of Members , is pursued with the utmost conviction because that is a contribution we can make in response to the events of 1939 in Europe and also in favour of the Palestinians , on whom you want to bestow instead a Middle East that is fascist , Nazi , communist and undemocratic .     Mr President-in-Office of the Council , listening to speeches by many Members , it is clear that the reaction is almost unanimous and that we all believe that the Council letter , in which the Council suggests to the Court of Justice that a decision on the case of the wall in Palestinian territory be considered inappropriate , is particularly serious and inopportune .
It is our duty to recognise this , Mr President , and we should not be surprised if this anger , desperation and hatred  – God forbid  – turns into violence .
Amongst other things , we have also looked over the Commission communication of May 2003 to the Council and to Parliament on modernisation of company law .
The competent authorities for financial control of the different jurisdictions within the Union must cooperate