However , we have to recognise in this connection that the redistribution of the cards between Europe and the United States with regard to lysine production is a matter of concern .
It is impossible to overcome this through technological advances or greater productivity , particularly since the majority of European manufacturers are also at a disadvantage because of their size .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , following the recent conclusions on Agenda 2000 , it is possible to think that the balance of the European budget always bends under the weight of excessive agricultural subsidies .
Furthermore , we strongly urge the Commission to include all aspects of the problem - which was very well presented by Mr Garot - in the preparatory work for the WTO negotiations .
Similarly , instead of saying that the amendments are inadmissible , the report should be referred back to the committee responsible if they are adopted .
Placing the emphasis on macro-economic resources is much more attractive .
These employment policies should be integrated into all Community policies and be accompanied by quantified objectives that are binding and that can be monitored .
There can be no social progress without economic growth , but there can be no growth where the spirit of enterprise is scorned by egalitarianism and bureaucratisation .
I should like to remind you that growth in the United States is heavily reliant on internal demand .
The national employment plans are very positive from this point of view .
In the light of recent events , it is all too easy to see the irony in that today .
We are eagerly awaiting Mr Romano Prodi 's arrival in the hope that something good will come of something bad .
The second is the need for greater vigilance on the part of the European Union in the WTO negotiations , bearing in mind their growing importance .
The whole process will then begin again at the end of the year as , having completed the term of office of the outgoing Commission , you will again have to ask for the confidence of the European Council and the European Parliament for a five-year term .
If our partners realise that the European Union is expressing the will of the people of Europe , this can only serve to strengthen the EU 's negotiating position .
In particular , Mr Prodi , in terms of practical politics , Parliament expects enough vision and inspiration from you to meet the challenges facing Europe .
You are fortunate in that you will be the first Commission President to be appointed as a result of the principle of responsibility .
We will therefore vote in favour of your appointment .
The reformist approach you are setting out will require a majority in favour of progress .
You will no doubt obtain a very large majority within this House and I hope that this majority will remain stable after the elections .
You really must reassure us in this respect if you want your Commission to be in full working order .
However , in the opinion I drafted on behalf of the Committee on Fisheries on the amendments to Regulation No 2847/93 establishing a control system applicable to the common fisheries policy , I had tabled amendments which were adopted by the European Parliament .
Therefore , as I cannot resign myself to voting for texts which do not guarantee that the consumer will be able to easily distinguish between imported honey and quality honey produced in the Community , I abstained .
My second comment concerns the immediate entry into force of the Rules .
If qualified majority voting were adopted for taxation , as desired by the vast majority of Members , a whole chunk of national sovereignty would be swept away .
Of course , you could say that the euro has only really been in use for four months and that it is therefore too early to come to any definite conclusions about this .
I particularly welcome the rapporteur 's call for priority to be given to SMEs , strengthening R&D , encouraging environmental protection , the involvement of the third sector , improvements in education and training and the promotion of social inclusion .
We had said that we would not grant discharge to the Commission but this was not true .
If we had adopted the Socialist Group 's amendment , as 212 of our colleagues unfortunately did , there would have been no mention of the refusal of discharge and these comments which , I must repeat , condemned the Commission , would have had no legal value .
If there had not been five independent people , appointed by Parliament , to deliver their very clear judgment on the workings of the Commission , we would still have the same Commission which would not have resigned and would not have been censured .
There was a broad and comprehensive condemnation of the criminal practices , referred to as 'ethnic cleansing ' , for which Mr Milosevic 's government is responsible .
We should leave Mr Brzezinski and his kind to think that the stakes in this war infinitely exceed Kosovo and actually affect the credibility of NATO and the American leadership .
This offensive is clearly contrary to international law .
If the Albanian claims to Kosovo are founded on the basis of the rights of an ethnic majority , then Milosevic had good grounds in claiming for Serbia the annexation of Croatian Krajina , populated in the main by Serbs , or the annexation of part of Bosnia , also partly populated by Serbs .
However , the result of our action is worrying .
It is high time for Europe to equip itself with the necessary tools to achieve this objective within ten or fifteen years , as it was able to do ten or fifteen years ago with