inferior than to do a great deal of things which are downright inferior .
I am delighted that the Council and Commission share our view .
By maintaining a certain degree of neutrality , Europe could , in fact , make a valuable contribution .
During my most recent visit at the start of the Intifada , it was evident that economically , there was a future for a separate Palestinian state .
My expectation is that the peace process will grind to a halt as a result of the wait-and-see attitude of the Bush administration and the fact that I think that the Sharon government - which I am certain will soon be a reality - will initially keep reasonably calm in the face of international pressure .
As for Israel , I believe that the European Union should leave Israel in no doubt that if , after the forthcoming elections , repression increases , if the settlement policy does not change and if there is no movement in their willingness to reach an agreement , then we cannot proceed in a business-as-usual manner .
The only country which can provide credible security guarantees for both sides is the United States . "
After all , the Palestinian human rights organisations dared lodge a protest against a highly deficient judicial process which was challenged with good reason .
The most recent wave of violence and terror must be condemned in any event .
The inequality is shocking .
In addition , Europe and America must , of course , also open up their markets to alternative products from Columbia .
Mr President , Commissioner , rapporteurs , congratulations .
Otherwise , the advantage which we mentioned a moment ago will no longer apply .
These agreements provided for through trans-national corridors and for sufficient exemption and transitional provisions in order to lift possible drawbacks in good time .
Therefore , if it had been up to my group , this conciliation would not have taken place .
The Commission is delighted that the Council and the European Parliament have reached agreement .
I should add straight away that this scope appeared to be a little bigger than it actually is now , given also the present state of the euro , which has already absorbed 250 million of that amount .
How do the Commission and the Council deal with this ?
Mr President , Commissioner , books are an important instrument by means of which culture is passed on , and modern publishing techniques contribute to this .
This is why this report is excellent .
It therefore covers the whole of Europe .
The Mann report will not receive our support for various reasons .
The Commission should represent the EU Member States at WTO level .
Madam President , I just wanted to respond to the insinuation from Mr Liese that Mrs Borst does not want to enter into a discussion about euthanasia .
Then there is no question of insinuations .
I think that we must keep a close eye on the term subsidiarity here in this House , too .
That surprised us .
It is a false start .
I put questions to the European Commission on 10 November about favouring public broadcasts regarding the auction of radio frequencies in the Netherlands .
Less in the public and the political spotlight is another form of sea transport , namely , the transport of bulk goods , in particular , ores and coal .
This contains tasks both on ship and shore which are to be carried out before , during and after loading and unloading .
Precisely because the problem , like the sector , is of a global nature , an international solution is of great importance .
They can only do so if they have sufficient information at their disposal .
The necessary disquiet has arisen over Amendment No 13 .
I am quite unable to support Amendment No 16 tabled by my fellow Members Mr Simpson and Mr Fava .
International regulations do indeed exist , a kind of voluntary agreement , but they appear either not to be complied with or are incompletely complied with .
Secondly , I have tabled an amendment in relation to Article 8.
We must invest in it .
That also means that in large areas of the sea , the environment may become polluted .
However , what is not reported here is that part of the voyage comprises loading and unloading itself .
Part one was the liberalisation , the deregulation of international transport which we spoke about last time .
Gigantic investments - they have already been mentioned in recital nine - which are to be borne by both the government and the sector .
So , will English also be the language of rail transport ?
If that is the case , I immediately propose that from that moment onwards , we only speak English in Parliament as well .
Unlike Mr Jarzembowski 's proposals , my group endorses the result .
Until recently , it seemed that in Germany magnetic levitation technology would bring about divisions in the rail network once again .
Four months ago the direct night train from Stockholm to Berlin disappeared .
The sea has long been regarded as the source of an inexhaustible food supply .
These sorts of certainties , which appeared to be true for centuries , will increasingly vanish in the future .
Then pressure arises to mitigate measures and to permit more exclusions .
The Commission 's measures are chiefly based on political feasibility and lack the necessary scientific basis .
As a result of greater fishing pressure in open areas , stocks of other species of fish and seabed ecosystems will also be damaged .
In order to provide for the future , Dutch fishermen are willing to do so and I am convinced that the Northern Irish fishermen possess the same willingness