financial assistance to countries of the African , Caribbean and Pacific Group of States (ACP ) that will be affected by the liberalisation of the banana trade between the EU and 11 Latin American countries , under which the EU is committed to not applying quantitative restrictions or equivalent measures on banana imports to its territory .
For these reasons , we abstained from the vote on the report .
I am pleased with the 2011 draft budget , which is being discussed today , as it dwells precisely on the stated priorities .
Parliament 's proposal reflects this ambition .
With regard to citizens , it is worth noting the increase within the Competitiveness for growth and employment heading and the ' Cohesion for growth and employment ' heading , although there is a reduction for education and training .
I agree with the proposed increase in funding for all programmes related to these priorities , namely the Lifelong Learning , PESSOA and Erasmus Mundus programmes .
I therefore support Parliament 's maintaining of the initial funding allocated to these areas .
This will boost the mobility of young people in the EU and help to combat unemployment .
Hence , it accentuates the damaging effects of the policies that the EU has been pursuing .
These new powers presuppose a budget that will allow them to be put into practice and thus require all bodies with budgetary authority to be coherent and consistent with respect to their increased financial powers .
I therefore welcome the increase in funding for the European Employment Service and strongly support the launch of the preparatory action ' Your First Job Abroad' , which aims to help young people enter the labour market or gain access to skilled jobs in another Member State , as a first step towards a specific non-academic programme for the mobility of young people .
I am voting in favour of this document , although it does not include the proposals made by the European People 's Party ( EPP ) on intervention measures on the storage of cereals , milk and dairy products and powdered milk , which were unfortunately rejected by the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development ( AGRI ) .
This proposal aims to improve the conditions of security and health associated with parenthood .
I declare that I voted for this report for the reasons outlined above .
Meeting this challenge is vital in order to achieve the economic and social objectives set out in the Europe 2020 strategy and as a way of trying to reverse demographic ageing on our continent .
Policies that support families and the birth rate , like those that we advocate , are , however , cross-sectional and are not confined to extending maternity leave .
In Portugal , the birth rate is not high enough to ensure that generations are replaced , and this situation is jeopardising the future .
The adoption of this proposal for negotiation with the Council acknowledges the fundamental social value of maternity and paternity , respecting the rights of working women who want to become mothers .
The inclusion of two weeks of paternity leave is also an important step in the struggle for equality between men and women .
In spite of the crisis that we are currently experiencing , the measures approved here today are very important in reversing the decreasing population trend that the EU is facing in the near future .
I voted in favour of this report , as there is a wide disparity in many countries as regards the payment terms to businesses when the state , small and medium-sized enterprises ( SMEs ) , and large companies are involved .
However , I consider guaranteeing a system of abolitions for the health sector to be positive .
The maximum period of 30 days - which may be waived to up to 60 days - for payment after services have been rendered and billed is quite reasonable for the balance of commercial relations , and it will be key to fostering a culture of timely fulfilment of commitments .
The struggle against late payments is particularly welcome in the current period of crisis , since long delays have negative repercussions on companies ' activities .
It needs to be at the forefront of our priorities , and it merits a collective response which ensures that those who find themselves in a situation of social vulnerability have a modicum of dignity .
Poverty and social exclusion have attained unacceptable levels : almost 80 million Europeans are living below the poverty line , 19 million of whom are children - the equivalent of almost two in 10 children - and many others are facing serious obstacles in terms of access to jobs , education , housing , and social and financial services .
More social benefits require more money from the state , and as this does not create wealth , it can only be achieved by increasing tax revenue .
In a Europe that is socially conscious , fair , evolved and cohesive , it is imperative to ensure measures that eradicate and minimise the risk of social dumping and the degradation of living conditions for its people when faced with the devastating effects of the current economic crisis .
I would stress the importance of the adoption by the plenary sitting of the European Parliament of this report proposing the introduction of minimum income schemes in all EU Member States , for which I was responsible .
The implementation of minimum income in all the countries of the European Union is a pivotal measure for combating poverty .
The Member States cannot be insensitive to situations of extreme poverty , and they must ensure that no one is simply left to their fate in situations that are often deeply degrading .
