The Commission ’s task is to take account of the will of the budgetary authority .
Lastly , we must rise to the challenge of global competition and ensure that our businesses and our economy can hold their own .
This House should continue to support the adoption of a Statute for Members ' assistants .
Let me be blunt : it is not the European Parliament 's task , faced with a situation in which healthcare in some Member States – I shall phrase it very carefully – is not entirely satisfactory and legal restrictions apply , to solve problems in this area for a few specific and privileged Members at the European taxpayer 's expense .
This gross violation of basic rule-of-law principles is especially regrettable when it is committed by the supreme guardian of European law , namely the European Court of Justice .
I would like to find out from the Commissioner responsible why this Commission statement has just been delivered by the Agriculture Commissioner – have you concluded that Eurostat is an agricultural problem as well , or was there some other reason for this ?
After all , adoption of the is the subject of the negotiations , not the prerequisite for their commencement .
They have amply justified why Croatia can now be granted accession candidate status .
Above all , I would like to express my thanks to the two Commissioners who are here today .
Mr President , honourable Members , I am very pleased that the proposal of the Committee on Budgetary Control to grant discharge to the Commission for 2002 and close the accounts is now before the House .
Secondly , the entire system of budget management – from the establishment of the budget to budget structure , budget implementation , budgetary control and financial reporting – has been radically reformed .
As regards the management and control structures , it was necessary to modernise structures which , in some cases , dated back to the founding of the European institutions .
The Prodi Commission – as my colleague has already explained once again on the Commission 's behalf today – took action as soon as the scale of the problems became known .
Hundreds of people have been involved in the reform : Commission officials , MEPs , and staff of the Court of Auditors and the Council .
The Foreign Affairs Committee is well aware of the difficult circumstances under which the Agency does its work .
You yourself said , Commissioner , that there is advice from Mr Bayona de Perogordo in his excellent report .
Before you do so , you should investigate whether certain rumours are backed up by objective facts .
She repeated the question as to how we guarantee that nothing like what happened with Eurostat can recur , and that is the essential issue .
It is for this reason that we in the Group of the European People 's Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats are in favour of concluding the agreement with the USA on the basis of the points negotiated with the Commission , for we will thereby finally be putting an end to the lack of regulation , opening the way not only to the exchange of data , but also and above all to further improvements and further negotiations .
A great many Members are unsatisfied with this report , and that is why 181 amendments have been tabled by other groups .
Cyprus is the last country in Europe that is still divided .
Based on what President Papadopoulos said , I can only conclude that the Government of the Republic of Cyprus now rejects the federal solution to the Cyprus problem , which is based on the coexistence and equality of the Greek and Turkish Cypriots and is endorsed by the United Nations and the entire international community .
As envisaged , we presented a file to the Council in which the provisions of the UN plan are adjusted in line with the .
However , as the European Community , we must also ensure that the people have confidence in this plan , and we should work actively to ensure that this confidence is underpinned on our side too .
These different assessments cannot be ignored , Commissioner .
This debate has always been neglected in this House , and we are paying a high price for this neglect today .
If there is a 'no ' vote in the south and a 'yes ' in the north , the European Union should open political relations with the north .
My twenty years of experience in working towards a solution for Cyprus , for its accession and for unity , tell me that the opportunities far outweigh the risks .
They are well-intentioned advice .
I believe that it is indeed the case that a solution to this conflict , which is not restricted solely to Gaza , can only be successful over the long term within two viable and independent states .
I resolutely refute your statement that there is zero evidence for the allegations that I have made to you , and I also refute the suggestion that I am launching a campaign .
You asked a question and Mr Barón Crespo provided an explanation , but he failed to arrive at any conclusion .
As I understand it , 30 and 31 are redundant too , as they deal with exactly the same subject area .
In all three of these – when considered realistically and not just optimistically – there are major differences .
For this reason , it is certainly right and necessary that this third-generation cooperation agreement should also be used in such a way that the Council , the Commission and Parliament can work together in monitoring its further progress .
I can tell Mr Cushnahan that I understand not in the least why it is that ,