exposed to many threats .
The latest issue of the Malaysian-based journal Third World Resurgence reports on how a few large western corporations are effectively destroying biological diversity in the agricultural sector by their abusive exploitation of genetic engineering techniques and patent rights .
Patented techniques are used to manipulate the genetic composition of seed , rendering the resulting plant sterile .
It affirms that all states enjoy sovereign rights over their own genetic resources and that this principle shall be paramount whenever the EU enters into agreements with third parties , especially in the field of patents .
There was a large supporting majority in the House and the Committee on Women 's Rights put forward a proposal for a very modest budget of ECU 5 million to fund the campaign at EU level .
People might be wondering whether this would lead to an overall increase in the budget .
There is of course a problem with linking the expenses issue to a Statute for Members .
Criticism of the MAI is largely based on a misunderstanding .
The underlying aim is quite the opposite : promoting long-term investment .
These companies will normally engage in transfers of know-how and technology , providing better support for long-term development than national exchequers could achieve by means of transfer payments .
If the current criticism leads to negotiations being broken off , long-term investment in the developing countries will be one of the first casualties .
Many developing countries today are so keen to attract foreign investment that they are offering subsidies to foreign companies .
Protectionism of this kind can easily have the opposite effect .
Companies unable to invest abroad - in support of new market strategies , for example - might then find it hard to do business at all on the domestic front .
As Sir Leon said , even though its remit is primarily trade and not investment , the WTO is probably better placed to handle the negotiations .
Secondly , the decision demonstrates that democracy works ; the will of the people can prevail .
Instead , they have simply absorbed the underlying philosophy of the MAI.
Some 560 organisations from 67 countries have come together and launched a joint plea for the right of scrutiny .
What has this discussion taught the Commission , the negotiators , Sir Leon Brittan - and even Mr Burenstam Linder ?
Priority should be given to fulfilling the agreements and commitments entered into at the major UN conferences ; international investment agreements are not exempt from these overarching criteria .
I agree with him on most points and support his proposal , although there is one area where he is being over-ambitious in my view .
Greenhouse gases have been the subject of discussion on many occasions in this House ; keeping them down is one of our main environmental objectives .
As for diesel engines , comprehensive trials are still being carried out .
Mr President , let me begin by congratulating Mr Cabrol on a well-drafted new report .
It is no good telling just the big companies to comply with the directive .
It may seem strange , but most operators in this sector are in fact small or medium-sized businesses .
We have a prime opportunity here to illustrate how the needs of the environment and the demand for jobs can be reconciled .
The solutions advocated take us backwards , not forwards and I regret that .
If I had a wish , it would be for a little bit more imagination to be shown .
It is a very federalist resolution .
I come from northern Sweden and the calls for a stronger Commission , or for the integration of the WEU , are few and far between .
If we are to have a sound basis upon which to build , national parliaments must , in the foreseeable future , exercise oversight where the real legislative work is being done .
This is effectively a call for militarisation of the Union and runs totally counter to the goal pursued by a majority of Green Group members , who seek to build a peace-loving , demilitarised Europe .
My colleagues and I will sadly have to vote against several amendments from our own group , in particular the one seeking to grant the European Court of Justice jurisdiction in the field of justice and home affairs .
I would like to express the Liberal Group 's appreciation of the agreement between Mr Holbrooke and Milosevic , with its provision for observers and so on .
The plan is for negotiations between Milosevic and the Kosovar leadership .
I am right , am I not , Madam ?
The European Liberals would have liked to see negotiations without preconditions , and we very much regret the fact that this is not to be the case .
Today we experienced a world - or at least a European - first .
Now the Sami people in Sweden , Finland and Norway have a cheap and easy way of keeping in touch across the borders and exchanging news about what they are doing .
Danish film producers have recently pointed us in the right direction .
We need to prepare ourselves for less regulation , as several speakers have said .
Dizzying developments are underway .
US companies are much more successful than their European counterparts .
In return , other countries will be on top in other sectors .
Nor does it necessarily stand in the way of technological development .
Standard use cannot sensibly be regulated , however .
The role of public service companies is the third area I wish to cover .
I am fully behind the rapporteur when he says that we must have a strong public service sector so as to prevent the commercial companies - whose taste is not always of the best - from taking over .
