Turkish authorities .
That is what you have done this evening and I just want to make three points briefly , which , in my view , are the most important next steps .
We have seen tremendous democratic transformation in Turkey in the past five years .
But , of course , the glass is not yet full , and there are many important reforms that still need to be implemented in Turkey .
Many authors and journalists are still facing prosecution and conviction for their work .
Secondly , the past year has seen important developments concerning civil/military relations .
Turkish women 's NGOs are relentless in their efforts to promote this agenda , as they should be , and we are their allies .
The establishment of a specific Commission on Gender Equality is an important step which I hope will help greatly to enhance political representation of women at all levels in Turkish society .
That is in the fundamental interests not only of Turkey but also of the European Union , and that is best achieved by being both fair and firm with Turkey at the same time , which maintains our credibility and the power of conditionality in driving reforms for fundamental freedoms in Turkey .
Member of the Commission . - Madam President , I want to thank you for raising this very important issue on the Danube Regional Strategy and also for your broader support for the macro-regional strategies in Europe .
In addition , the following third countries are participating : Croatia , Serbia , Bosnia and Herzegovina , Montenegro , Moldova and Ukraine .
A series of events has been planned between February and June this year to create momentum and trigger discussion with the relevant stakeholders .
The first such event will be held in Ulm in Germany on 1 and 2 February .
The content will be discussed in closer detail over the coming months among the countries concerned , the relevant stakeholders , the Commission services and other EU institutions .
Finally , let me indicate the next steps .
Then , finally , by December , the Commission will prepare the adoption of these documents .
I look forward to hearing the points you wish to raise in this debate .
Member of the Commission . - Madam President , I would like to thank all Members who have participated in this debate at this rather late hour .
I must also say that I am impressed by the depth of knowledge and experience of the Danube Region that has been shown in this debate .
This is my response to my friend and ex-colleague , Danuta Hübner , and many others of you who have raised this concern of cooperation between the Commission and Parliament .
So , in conclusion , I would like to thank you for your support for the Danube Strategy .
( Applause ) author . - ( FI ) Mr President , it is regrettable that there are so many different conflicts in the world dressed up in the guise of religion .
In this connection , it has to be said that there are very many different fundamentalist trends in the world in connection with the Christian , Islamic and other religions .
In any case , it is important that the European Parliament adopts a position when these kinds of violent episodes between religious groups occur .
We must insist that human rights defenders in other situations are not imprisoned or treated unjustly .
I hope that in future , Parliament will always give its attention to cases whenever there is violence against any religious group , and not just concentrate on the persecution of Christians .
China tried to join the Human Rights Council saying that it would be committed to the promotion and protection of human rights and would uphold the highest standards in this area .
Thus , these are China 's own promises before the United Nations and it is to these that we ought to refer .
The institutions of the European Union also need between them to think about how they can improve their own strategies and make China understand that its commitments in matters relating to human rights are our business too and that the future of cooperation between us depends crucially on them .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to thank Mr Tarabella for his excellent report on equality between women and men in the European Union .
For example , it should be made compulsory to undertake an assessment of the demands of a job and pay should be determined based on it .
Both companies and the public sector must pay more attention to ensuring that there are more women in top jobs .
When the European Commission is being formed , each Member State should propose both men and women as commissioners .
The development of public services to facilitate care provision and more scope for parental leave are ways to even out the differences between women and men in the labour market .
The Union is heading in the right direction in matters of equality , but things do not happen by themselves : in the future , we will require a stronger EU social dimension to guarantee a more equal and more social Union than ever .
It is very obvious that Guantánamo is still a glaring symbol of injustice and that its closure is in the interests of the European Union .
Mr López Garrido , Commissioner , I would hope that you will take this seriously and discuss these matters with the US representatives in the dialogues you mentioned .
Finally , I want to say how important it is for the European Union to render an account of its own involvement in these secret arrests and detention centres