I would like to congratulate Mrs Weiler on her outstanding work .
The directive we have voted for today discourages debtors from paying late and allows creditors to protect their interests effectively against such lateness , introducing the right to legal interest caused by late payment even when not specified in the contract .
Through this report , we are taking a great step forward by setting 60 days as the limit for payments from the public sector to the private sector .
A need has therefore emerged to strengthen existing legal measures by undertaking to combat late payment to support companies , particularly SMEs , and establish exact terms and appropriate penalties for those who are in breach .
Where there are differing interests , objectives will also diverge and it will be impossible to plan anything shared .
Raising the living standards of those living beneath the poverty threshold is a priority .
Nowadays , it is essential to include the prevention and combating of poverty and social exclusion in other EU policies with the aim of guaranteeing the respect for fundamental human rights , universal access to essential public services and the right to health , to education and to vocational training .
The ambitious policies that the international community has set itself for poverty eradication have all too often proved ineffective and difficult to implement or amounted only to social welfare measures .
In the resolution , I support the Commission 's call to include State actions within a framework of European coordination and ensure that the minimum income is accompanied by an integrated approach that includes healthcare , education and housing .
We need social policies to protect families , limiting inequality and the impact and the effects of the crisis .
We have voted on an extremely long and very complicated report , with an intricate text and structure .
The adoption of this complex report represents a very important step for the European community who are calling loudly for clear responses and quick solutions to overcome this difficult economic crisis .
It is our task to learn from these lessons and put them in practice in order to get going again .
I therefore believe that it would be useful to embark on a path with the aim of guaranteeing appropriate solidity of public finances to maintain confidence in the markets and ensure that the public can again believe in the worth of the European project .
Instead of leaving the search for new paths to take to the production sector , which must undergo radical change , we need to address transformation plans , credit , changes of direction and other suitable means .
The answers can only be to create new employment by promoting enterprise and research and development , adopting measures that reward transparency and foster common European rules , for example , on tax , VAT and indirect taxation .
We should not forget that toxic assets and , to an even greater extent , excessive personal debt ( sub-prime mortgages ) lie at the root of the financial crisis .
The report with recommendations to the Commission on improving the economic governance and stability framework of the Union , in particular , in the euro area , that we have just voted on , is part of a wider debate , that has been going on for several months , on initiatives to combat the financial crisis .
I voted in favour of the report by Mr Feio , but as I have already had the chance to emphasise , Europe badly needs major reform in this area even if Europe 's new economic governance cannot consider solely the sum of the public debt .
In order to avoid repeats of the speculative bubbles like the one we are currently struggling to escape from , it is indispensable to establish a series of measures and checks amongst and together with the Member States .
Through this proposal , the Commission asked Parliament to adopt an amendment that would allow non-governmental organisations to benefit from tax relief when operating in developing countries .
We accepted the request .
In effect , according to the Treaty of Lisbon , in some well-defined cases , Parliament can delegate the power to take strategic decisions to the Commission , but what could these decisions be ?
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , first of all , I should like to congratulate Mr Scholz for drafting this report , which establishes a financing instrument for cooperation with industrialised countries .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , first of all , I should like to offer a heartfelt greeting to Commissioner Piebalgs and appeal to him to take an active part , as I believe he sincerely will , in the measures to be voted on tomorrow , because it is a matter of great importance for the European Parliament , which will have greater power after the Treaty of Lisbon .
The fact that all 74 of the tariff lines involved relate to the textile and clothing sector is almost inevitable for a country that can export only products within this sector .
In 2005 , the European Commission proposed a regulation aimed at putting the European Union on an equal footing with these countries , requiring a certain number of manufactured goods imported into the European Union to include a denomination of origin .
In order for the free market to be just that , it must be based on fair competition and be built on clear , shared and applied rules .
I believe that the proposed regulation under discussion is beginning to inject some order into an ever more confused global market .
The Commission has already been full of suggestions and very cooperative , for which we are grateful , and this is a reason why we must continue to work together .
I hope that the night brings counsel and that each of us remembers that one