persecution , the wordings have been strengthened .
What are now required are economic resources for putting the decisions into effect and inspection tools for supervising their implementation .
This is something we know about .
It is a question of universal rights , not only inside but also outside the European Union , and there must be criticism when such rights are infringed .
I think that the best way of levelling criticism is by means of dialogue .
This person was complaining about the unemployment , insecurity and enormous widening of the gulf between the classes .
I am wondering now if the Commission has carried out any other analyses .
A number of people here believe that human rights should benefit from China ' s accession to the WTO .
He has actively fought against it because he thinks that it does not make reasonable demands where human rights are concerned .
The question , however , is that of whether any individual questions in the informal Euro-11 discussions can be pointed to which have subsequently led to formal decisions in ECOFIN.
On the one hand , it is said that deployment is to take place in accordance with the UN or OSCE Charters ; on the other hand , the Council ' s representative says that no decision needs to be taken in the Security Council .
Moreover , I should like to hear a still clearer statement .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentleman who have been so patient .
We need to focus upon the victims ' perspective and upon strengthening their rights in the Union .
People who make use of their freedom of movement should not have to be exposed to crime .
The position of crime victims ought therefore to be strengthened on a number of levels .
These questions were highlighted again in Tampere in the autumn of 1999 .
To be able to devise an effective crime prevention strategy , we need in fact to know what we are talking about .
Crime victims ought also to know to what rights and possible forms of aid they are in fact entitled .
The police , social services and non-governmental organisations of various kinds will , of course , be involved in providing these forms of aid .
This is excellent .
The issue will be taken up again under the Swedish Presidency .
There ought , therefore , to be good opportunities to think European .
The necessary conditions are broadly present .
Its action is also a breach of the pledge which the yes side issued before the Swedish referendum .
- ( SV ) Ever since it joined the EU , Sweden has been allowed to have different quotas for imports into Sweden of alcoholic drinks and tobacco products by individuals for their private use .
Through its actions , the Swedish Government has helped obscure this fact in the course of the debate of recent years .
In view of the outcome of the accession negotiations and the Social Democratic Government ' s handling of the issue , I see no reason for doing anything other than vote in favour of the report .
Now that the Commission is rejecting Sweden' s argument and placing the emphasis upon the operation of the internal market , we fear that alcohol policy will sustain great damage in Sweden .
Because we consider that both the Swedish Government and the European Commission have acted incorrectly on this issue , we choose to signal our rejection of their approach by abstaining in the vote on the extension to Sweden' s derogation from the Council Directive .
The intention in the resolution is that the Charter of Fundamental Rights should be incorporated into the Treaty in the course of the forthcoming Intergovernmental Conference .
Nor does the resolution make it clear that the Charter of Fundamental Rights must not come into conflict with other international conventions or with the International Court of Human Rights in Strasbourg . 4 .
- ( SV ) The main features of the text which has been debated today by the European Parliament are also to be found in a proposal which was presented by Mrs Lalumière in May to the Committee on Foreign Affairs , Human Rights , Common Security and Defence Policy and which was voted on in June .
I cannot support the proposal that military resources should be used to defend the European Union ' s interests .
" Women 2000 " (RC B5-0562/2000 )
This must apply , however , to the whole of the EU , including those areas far from the EU' s geographic centre .
The importance of the latter cannot be emphasised enough .
This is now being brought into question by the Commission , something I find hard to understand .
I should like to hear the comments of the Member of the Commission regarding this principle that policy areas must be compatible with one another .
I support all ideas of partnership and decentralised administration , as well as the idea that the Funds should be used to meet the needs of the regions .
No countries can argue their way out of responsibility when refugees seek asylum on their territory .
We therefore welcome the Commission ' s working document in principle , together with Ingo Schmitt ' s report on the drawing up of a common policy on asylum and refugees , but we emphasise that it ought not to be the least generous countries which set the standards .
Moreover , immigration is especially important now , given the shortage of labour which is beginning to make itself ever more felt in the Member States .
We also think it important that the current definition of refugee and asylum in the Geneva Convention be reviewed and extended so that they also include people who seek asylum on the grounds of gender and sexual orientation