to try and do something about it .
However , I do believe that the international community needs to move on from rhetoric to real action and , as a member of Parliament 's Delegation for relations with the Member States of ASEAN , South-east Asia and the Republic of Korea , I am disappointed and concerned like others before me that the EU has decided to enter into dialogue with ASEAN in Laos next month at ministerial level .
I know the arguments that the ASEAN Member States have put to our delegation about including Burma in this group .
They believe that , by entering into dialogue with Burma , somehow or other they can influence it to change its oppressive practices because it will see the clear economic and political benefits of improving its human rights record .
Burma has been a Member of ASEAN for a number of years and there is absolutely no evidence to date that shows any improvement or an end to forced labour or executions or suppression of free speech and free movement .
The list of human rights violations by this regime continues to get longer and longer each year .
Engaging with them is a ridiculously naive concept so long as there is not even a glimmer of liberalisation in their attitude .
What this dialogue is achieving is legitimising the Burmese junta 's continued brutal regime .
As I said earlier , what we want is action and not words .
If we are really serious about improving and having an impact on the lives of Burmese people we need to do some of the following .
Like others have said before me : we should postpone the meeting in Laos next month ; and the Burmese junta should lift all restrictions on democratically elected political members and the leaders of NLD.
The junta should also enter into dialogue with the NLD and the ethnic nationalities .
Finally , we should consider supporting ILO economic sanctions to prevent Burma from taking advantage of European trade , investments and tourism until they stop the system of forced labour .
We have a moral responsibility , as a community of values , to ensure that the citizens of Burma can enjoy the same fundamental rights as those enjoyed by citizens of Europe .
Mr President , the human rights situation in Burma continues to deteriorate under the not-so-gentle control of the military junta .
The plight of Aung San Suu Kyi continues to worsen .
She has not been allowed to travel since she was placed under house arrest on 21 September when she attempted to travel to Mandalay .
She apparently has no access to a telephone and no visitors .
There are even rumours that she has been handcuffed in her own house .
The plight of the rest of the members of the National League for Democracy is hardly any better .
Large numbers are under arrest or are being harassed , and attempts have been made to close down their offices in Burma .
The junta has said that it is their intention to try and smash the party as a whole .
But it not just Aung San Suu Kyi , it is not just the military , it is not just the NLD - there are almost 3 000 political prisoners who are suffering from hard labour and torture .
There are forced relocations of populations of ethnic minorities and there is forced labour .
The ILO has been in and tried to look at the situation and see if constructive engagement led to any improvement .
As we know , the ILO is meeting today .
It is likely to recommend sanctions because there has been no improvement .
I am beginning to get thoroughly fed up with making this speech - I have made it on three or four occasions now to the Council and the Commission - but the situation is worsening , so what are you going to do ?
Council and Commission , it is now finally time to act .
You must recognise that we are making no progress whatsoever with the current approach .
Please look at imposing sanctions .
Make it absolutely clear that we are not going to attend the meeting in Laos in the presence of the Burmese military junta because that will be intolerable and the message will be that they can get away with it .
Vietnam
Mr President , unlike many others who will be speaking this afternoon , I do not have many constituents who suffered horrendously from flooding in the UK.
Luckily , London escaped with small-scale floods , partly from rivers we had forgotten still existed because we run them through culverts .
We have , however , contributed to the causes of these floods of which those in Western Europe are only the latest result of a series of extreme and fluctuating weather conditions .
This , of course , will be of small consolation to those living with filthy water running through their houses and who might be facing enormous financial loss .
I agree that we need to do all that we can to assist them , but we would help most by changing the situation that has caused their misery and that of countless others throughout the world .
Locally , we can stop covering flood plain and water meadows with concrete .
We can change our pattern of agricultural production and we can use strategic environmental impact assessment to enable us to work with nature rather than assuming we can conquer it .
In global terms , we know our use of fossil fuel is profligate and we have not taken sufficient steps to reduce the climate-change gases we produce .
We have an opportunity to make progress at The Hague in the discussions there this week and next