the directives that deal with the rights of residence of the non-economically active is an unhappy one : non-implementation , infringement proceedings , a patchwork of different and burdensome requirements .
You can move a sack of potatoes around Europe more easily than a citizen can move .
If we are to appeal to our citizens and the basic right of free movement is to be real , then simple , fast codification of this area of Community law is long overdue .
Then , and only then , will the Treaty statement on European Union citizenship become a reality instead of mere words .
Mr President , there has thankfully been a change in European Community law over the last 30 years from freedom of movement of persons being seen as purely an economic issue - functional mobility - to it being seen as a personal right .
This has meant a lot of rhetoric about a citizen 's Europe but not much change in the mentality or administrations of the Member States , as Mrs Wallis has pointed out .
In saying that , I am not overlooking the economic benefits of free movement .
Mrs Boumediene-Thiery 's report points out - and I congratulate her for its quality - that facilitating mobility promotes dynamism and economic competitiveness .
So why does the Right ignore this ?
But the real bottom line for Liberals is whether the Member States believe in and respect the notion of European citizenship , not only allowing the citizens of a Member State and their families to move around but also conferring such rights , to the greatest extent possible , on legally resident third-country nationals and their families - which unfortunately were not covered by the Commission report .
It is very aggravating when the Council of Ministers and individual governments wring their hands about the low turnout in European elections , launch campaigns with balloons and plastic bags about people 's Europe and seek to win citizens ' votes in referendum campaigns , but still maintain obstructive red tape when those citizens have the cheek to assert their European legal right to move freely .
Those rules are far too complicated anyway .
We need a complete overhaul to streamline and make crystal clear the unimpeded exercise of free movement .
It is not too much to ask .
As Mrs Wallis said , it should be as easy for people to cross borders as it is for widgets or potatoes .
Freedom of movement and residence is a right enshrined in European treaties and granted to all citizens and should only be denied in exceptional cases when there is a real threat to public safety .
It is therefore all the more extraordinary that 50 years after the signing of the Convention of Human Rights , which ironically was signed in Rome , and one year after the Treaty of Amsterdam upholding such rights , that one European family , which for a thousand years has been involved with the continent 's history , is being denied the fundamental rights my colleague has mentioned .
The Watson report demands such rights for family reunion and the Boumediene-Thiery report for freedom of movement and residence , even for third-country nationals and even for convicted criminals .
This family , as mentioned , is the former royal house of Savoy in Italy and lesser violations are also being committed against the royal houses of Austria and Greece by their governments .
The thirteenth transitional article of the Italian Constitution , absurdly labelled " transitional " but still in force after 53 years , is not only a violation of European treaties , but also sexually discriminatory in that it applies only to male royal descendants , no matter how far removed , of the constitutional monarch King Victor Emanuel , deemed guilty of signing unacceptable wartime fascist laws .
Ironically , descendants of Mussolini are not only allowed to live in Italy but one actually sits in the Italian Parliament .
This article is shameful and obsolete and all Members of Parliament , even those with anti-monarchist feelings , should join me in calling upon the Italian government to allow an innocent European family to return to their native land , where it poses no conceivable threat to public safety or the stability of the Italian Republic .
We can only call for European citizens to have more rights if all their rights are upheld irrespective of origin and without discrimination .
This issue goes far beyond individual families and goes right to the heart of the Union 's respect for its own laws and treaties .
Either we have a European Union based on law or we do not .
I therefore commend my Amendment No 14 to this House .
Can I congratulate Mrs Boumediene-Thiery on her report on special measures concerning the movement and residence of citizens of the Union which are justified on grounds of public policy , public security , or public health .
It is a very good report .
Unfortunately , in two minutes all I can do is talk about some of its failings .
Firstly the Commission has failed to deal with the issue of the 12 to 14 million third-country nationals living legally in the Union who currently suffer discrimination and , outside the Union 's island States can move freely de facto but cannot do so legally , which of course creates situations in which they are exploited and used in illegal ways .
With all due respect for the rapporteur , I have to say that we also have a problem with a number of areas that she has not dealt with , one of which is the issue of football hooliganism .
I am generally in favour of free movement but I think it needs to be limited .
