Ethiopia .
Relations between the European Union and South Africa must not be damaged .
The country has a constitutional court whose judgements are respected by the president .
Sweden' s prime minister called the Cairo Conference , held earlier this year between the EU and Africa , " the start of something new and great " .
Rarely perhaps is the linguistic diversity of Europe seen so incredibly clearly as in a debate in this Chamber in which eleven different languages are being interpreted between .
What is more , that may be an underestimate .
Even that figure is awfully large , bearing in mind the number of new languages involved .
Nor can we put ourselves in a situation whereby a country with access to trained interpreters and translators can become a Member State of the EU , while another country which does not have professionals of these kinds cannot .
That is precisely why it is so important that the issue is highlighted right now .
We should also be clear about the fact that things are happening very quickly right now .
We Swedish Social Democrats ( Pierre Schori , Anneli Hulthén , Jan Andersson , Maj Britt Theorin , Göran Färm and Eva Hedkvist-Petersen ) therefore believe that the EU' s agricultural subsidies should be considerably reduced and we welcome the Commission ' s proposal for a progressive reduction in the monthly increases in the intervention price of cereal .
The reconstruction of Kosovo is an important issue for the EU and something we wholeheartedly support .
( SV ) We Swedish Social Democrats ( Pierre Schori , Anneli Hulthén , Jan Andersson , Maj Britt Theorin , Göran Färm and Ewa Hedkvist Petersen ) believe that the EU' s agricultural aid ought to be considerably reduced and we are therefore also opposed to aid for hemp production .
If Parliament is serious about eastward enlargement , there must be a drive extensively to cut back on the costs of agriculture .
Mr President , I would first of all address the Commissioner and say that I naturally welcome the present proposal .
Nowadays , we know a very great deal indeed about the living world .
The BSE crisis is an example of such a phenomenon .
We must make sure that the situation does not occur again .
We must have the same rules , monitored in the same way .
Everyone must be treated the same .
The United Kingdom has been affected badly .
There is a danger of the short-term economy ' s taking over at the expense of reason and caution .
This is important prior to the forthcoming debate on the whole project entailed in the white paper which has been announced .
They have played an important role .
When I learned that the whole thing was to go off without a hitch , that is to say that there was to be an agreement , I nonetheless took the liberty of voting against .
This is really little different from the Council ' s position , involving thirteen years .
I thought it was appropriate for at least someone in this Parliament to use his voting right for the purpose of indicating this dissatisfaction .
We also want , in the future , to see the working time directive apply to those groups which have still not been brought within its scope .
I hope that this will continue .
Working time puts the squeeze on women and children , in particular .
When , a few weeks ago , I once again read the Commission ' s progress report on Lithuania , it occurred to me that the progress reports are being produced as if it were the previous enlargement we were talking about , that is to say the enlargement which took place before the Treaty of Amsterdam came into force .
I believe , in fact , that we can succeed in enlarging the Union if we combine these two aspects : firstly , the free movement of services and employees and , secondly , more equal conditions when it comes to the dialogue between employers and employees .
It means that a fixed link is being created between Scandinavia and the continent .
We have different gauges in Sweden and Finland .
The ore trains which travel from northern Sweden to northern Norway have just the one driver to take the train across the border .
If we are serious about creating an international , competitive railway , we must also create a common railways structure within Europe .
For the same reason , it is also important for those countries bordering the EU to be able to be involved in the work on harmonisation so that there are no restrictions upon transport to and from third countries .
It creates problems in the form of environmental damage , noise , overcrowding and accidents .
In order to reach that point , however , the railways must be able to compete on the same conditions as other forms of transport .
Mr President , the vast majority of investments that have been made in the EU' s infrastructure have been made at national level .
As long as we have obstacles of this kind , there will also be clear limitations of at least two different kinds .
From a position , thirty years ago , when it had a more than twenty per cent share of the goods transport market in the EU , the railways are now down to having a share of less than ten per cent .
At the same time , the market share for passenger transport has almost halved .
Otherwise , there is an obvious risk that Europe ' s railway network , at least where goods transport is concerned , will no longer exist within a few decades .
Firstly , a diversity of operators is required .
