the United Kingdom speaks the world 's leading language , because it has a dynamic economy , but think about it .
We have to walk hand in hand .
Sometimes , then , we do not agree straightaway .
Furthermore , Germany has a coalition government .
We have to take account of that , but in my view , I think that at the very least we have to have a college of European regulators .
Secondly , do we need a European public prosecutor ?
Frankly , if I had to put my energy behind one project , I would put it behind unity because I notice that no one around the Council table forgets where he is from .
It pains me to tell you because the last time he said something to me he did not keep to it .
( Applause ) Mr Chruszcz , you know that , quite frankly , I did everything I could for Poland to find ways to reach a compromise .
I think that transcends the divisions between us because we do not want Europe to become an industrial desert .
Three days later , it was not adopted by Congress and the Americans were back to square one .
Finally , one last point , you tell me to carry on , Mr Rasmussen .
Perhaps it would have been better to have acted sooner .
I believe we have achieved good results in terms of European defence , and for two reasons .
Mr Brok said that we need the Treaty of Lisbon .
' That is what we have to do now . '
There is added value if Copenhagen is not a success , in other words if only Europe is committed .
We are in a period of global talks .
I think that this is a quite exceptional directive .
This therefore means that energy efficiency , buildings , transport logistics , electronics , electric engines , all of these things now need to be the focus of our attention in 2009 and 2010 .
We will probably have to invent a somewhat informal travelling trialogue process around Copenhagen , a little before and a little after , so that Copenhagen is a real international success and there are real conditions for change .
An informal trialogue has produced a compromise that will have to be accepted .
We therefore need to give ourselves every chance to experiment with this technology and demonstrate how reliable it is .
We still need to give them the means to do so .
It is really a very spectacular step forward .
However , I think that the in-depth work in the Commission 's proposal , which was extremely thorough , and the work of the Council in its various energy and environment configurations , meant that everything was in place for reaching an agreement .
We cannot have great negotiations in Copenhagen if we , as Europeans , are not 100 % proud of our first stage .
I would point out that the Commission very much supported the terms of the October common position .
We are sure that the role of the Agency could be improved within the limits of the Meroni case and we have found good proposals for that in Parliament .
I would remind you , as has already been mentioned , of the aim of this directive , which is road safety .
In the end , we knew exactly where we were and could therefore make progress .
There are obviously still many issues to be tackled and I hope that the Commission , through its monopoly on initiative in this area , will shoulder its responsibilities .
However , based on the report that the Commission will forward to us , I hope that we can take these negotiations further , while also bearing in mind the conclusions that the group , for which the Commission has entrusted responsibility to Jacques de Larosière , may give us on the way to organise this mechanism in a harmonised manner in future .
That is to overlook the fact that the budgetary agreement is negotiated with the Council and that the Council , rather I should say the 27 governments of the Member States , in addition to their traditional problems , are facing the financial crisis that is threatening the European economy , but which is being experienced as 27 national budgetary crises .
The time has come to review the financial perspective so as to restore balance to Europe 's revenue and expenditure , to deconsecrate some immutable policies and to finance dynamic policies to effectively meet the real needs of people around the world .
Today , we are celebrating an anniversary : the 20th anniversary of this prize .
This revenue is falling due to the many exemptions granted to manufacturers .
Indeed , that is what it is .
We have also obtained guarantees with regard to compensatory rest time and the reconciling of family and professional life .
Several aspects of this report caught my attention and should be defended , including , in particular , the end of the derogation to weekly working time , which is currently set at 48 hours in the European Union .
While we can , of course , only welcome a reduction in the number of road accidents , it is important to ensure that these new legislative measures are not accompanied by attacks on freedoms , or unlawful , inappropriate or unfair measures . on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group . - ( FR ) Madam President , it is a real shame to hold this debate in the Council 's absence , just as it is extremely regrettable - since it is not 15 minutes late , but three and a quarter hours late - to have awarded this Sakharov Prize without the Council being here with us today , together with the European Commission