promote efficiency and democratic legitimacy .
We have improved our procedures and our working methods , but recent weeks have shown that this process of building relationships and establishing procedures has not yet allowed us to achieve the aims we all set ourselves .
Any other decision would have given a conflicting signal regarding the project , which is vital for our future and our independence .
Our aim is for it to conduct its business in the clear light of day rather than behind closed doors .
In particular , at Laeken , we started to define that political and constitutional Europe in which we firmly believe .
The citizens do not want the site of the Food Authority to be purely administrative but to have proven experience and capacity in the field of food safety .
Our proposal on governance is the fruit of many months of cooperation between Parliament and the Commission , work which , in my opinion , has produced sound , tangible results .
We have set a positive process in motion and the enemies of the European Union are already aware of this ; we must therefore step up our efforts .
The Convention will have to pave the way for a Constitution which establishes the respective competences of the institutions and includes the founding values underlying our Union as well , but it will also have to represent an essential stage in terms of the harmonisation of the laws of our countries , not least in judicial matters .
Not all the issues were resolved at Laeken : I refer to the sites of the agencies , which should be decided on the basis of the specific suitability of the applicant cities and not allocated on the basis of incomprehensible vetoes .
However , it is our duty to be optimistic : the fate of Europe depends not least on our will , on the will of the European Parliament and the national parliaments which represent the people of the Union .
This is the weapon of the sceptics and populists .
Mr President , a positive acceleration is taking place in European political integration .
Indeed , the costs of losing political sovereignty are perceived to be too high and the benefits for businesses and consumers are considered to be too low , too limited .
This House directly represents the European citizens , and it is clear that it has the primary task of building the new Europe .
We can all feel proud of that success because we have all contributed to it : the European Parliament and national parliaments , governments , the European Central Bank and the Member States ' central banks , the Commission , commercial banks , post offices , retailers , businesses , the media and every one of our citizens who have helped to bring about this historic changeover .
I think we can say , just after the launch of the euro , that Spain could not have chosen better .
Since that time , the Spring Councils have provided the opportunity to discuss economic , social and environmental issues as part of a wide-ranging strategy for sustainable development .
This is not about devaluing or getting rid of our social heritage : it is about adapting it and modernising it so as to ensure that it lasts .
I am pleased to see , Mr President , that you have made these areas a priority for your action in the coming months .
Member States must cut the cost of labour by reducing taxation that affects wages and salaries - especially low wages .
Much greater effort must be made to achieve an interconnection of national markets and to speed up the integration of financial markets , concluding the reforms already underway .
We need an integrated strategy for Community-level education and research , based on networking and mobility and giving priority to the technologies of the future , to biotechnology and clean technologies , for example .
We are responsible for making sure that the Barcelona Council achieves total success .
Irrespective of whether it is an independent bank or part of the European Investment Bank , it is to be a forum dedicated to development , in which European and Southern Mediterranean operators work side by side .
Our experience of financial reform and economic development driven by trade and integration could be of valuable help to Latin America as it endeavours to recover , with advantages for all involved .
Mr President , Prime Minister , ladies and gentlemen , I would now like to finish by saying a few words on the Convention that will be beginning its work under the Spanish Presidency .
Then we must not forget the Argentinian disaster : the one hundred and twentieth crisis in Argentina since 1975 .
During your Presidency , you can complete the establishment , for the sake of humanity , of the permanent international court which will bring to justice those accused of war crimes , genocide and crimes against humanity .
Well then , we and you yourself have the chance to achieve this , and we are certainly determined to do so .
Why is it not invoked ?
However , I cannot close without responding to a number of statements made in this House .
The second issue is the Lisbon reforms , which have now become intertwined with the launch of the euro .
I call , in particular , for the reinvigoration of the Mediterranean policy and for peace initiatives in the Middle East .
Commissioner , you mentioned the need to coordinate economic policies several times in your speech .
It needs to be boosted by an economic policy which combines monetary policy with fiscal policy and , most importantly , with a policy of research and innovative investment such as that outlined at Lisbon , although this policy has not actually been pursued