development , another question which the Commission might be able to look into is whether subsidies to agriculture are generally more expensive than subsidies to nature development in Europe .     Madam President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , many people are concerned about the impact of the environment on their health , and these are very specific concerns .
Secondly , the action plan is not really an action plan , but rather a research plan , and one that will probably fail to actually reduce the disease burden that is caused by environmental pollution .
His task was made all the more difficult because , although everyone may accept the principles and agree that the system should be simplified and better monitored and such like , no one is actually prepared to give up national differences .
The same must apply to those in poor health .
Ideally , the decision to drive a car or not should be a joint decision taken by a patient and his GP , with the GP judging in good conscience whether or not that person is still able to drive a car , and the patient should respect that decision .
Therefore , we have certainty that anyone who is given such a licence is a good driver of a moped , a motorcycle , a car or a lorry .
In my view , driving ability can considerably contribute to reducing the number of road victims .
Are you , given the seriousness of the situation and the implications this may have for our industry , prepared to follow this up promptly ?     Mr President , first of all , I should like to thank the rapporteur for his important work , because this afternoon and evening have made it once again apparent that it was not easy .
Thirdly , with regard to driving licences for heavy goods vehicles , if we were to follow the outcome of the Committee on Transport and Tourism , gradual access to heavy goods vehicles would even apply up to the age of 24 years .
It required a great deal of intensive consultation , and the agreement we have reached with the Council guarantees a firm but fair European approach to illegal oil discharges and oil disasters .
I should like to enlarge on the key points .
However , we should not veer to the other extreme , namely to the disproportionate criminalisation of captain and crew , a subject which has been hotly debated .
It has been agreed that the Commission will present a feasibility study before the end of 2006 , and we are looking forward , Commissioner , to the outcome of your study and also to your proposal for a European coastguard .
First of all , we should realise that seafaring is a global industry which only functions properly when legislation is laid down globally .
As such , it is an important proposal to promote European inland navigation .
Especially now that the European Union is becoming increasingly involved in European inland navigation policy , consultation with the sector is vital with regard to this directive but also in other areas .
As the Commissioner said , the Council 's solution is a recital which refers to the agreement on the subject and deletes the obligation imposed on Member States in the text of the Directive itself .
I do think that the Commissioner lacks a certain degree of ambition in those areas .
Then I am convinced that the new Commissioner and the new Agency will as yet find their feet .     .
Such European political decisiveness also promotes the new opportunities for the Israeli-Palestinian settlement .
What are those signals ?
The manner in which some in the West seek to betray Hezbollah does not deceive us’ .
That was the case during the Cold War and I fear that this is still true of the UNCHR to some extent today .
These are only two examples to illustrate that in this world , still takes precedence over the major democratic and ethical principles to which no more than lip service is being paid .
Most Member States are a long way off the 7 % mark of development cooperation .
The European Union also carries a major responsibility in this .
A European smoking ban will also have implications for employment in the tourism industry , as smokers are sufficiently well-informed about the dangers of smoking .
I think that only a government with democratic legitimacy will have the authority to facilitate , and get involved in , new initiatives .
There is now room for this .
A democratic and credible regime and leadership are a for European involvement .
Mr President , the initiative that was taken on 20 September 2004 in New York , with Lula and Annan playing the leading parts , contains good ideas about aid , trade debts , cancellation and new forms of financing .
The EU itself should set aside 10 % from its own financial multi-annual perspectives , channelled via a single development budget , with the MDGs being the legally binding instruments .
Today , I should mainly like to focus on the trade aspect .
That is a generally known fact , but it is also known that if we really put our minds to it , we can still achieve them , and to that we must commit ourselves .
It is a worldwide organisation that combats hunger in many developing countries .
It has , of course , been known that the quotas would expire and perhaps the industry should have been better prepared for this .
If nothing is done about this , the European market , now fully open , will be flooded with cheap textiles from China , but also from India and Pakistan