the game which they provide and will continue to do so in future .
Secretary-General Solana , I should also like to offer you a heartfelt word of recognition for the almost superhuman work which you carry out around the world as our High Representative - with particular commitment in the Middle East - and as Secretary-General .
You rightly addressed the question of transparency , which is a matter of particular concern to Mrs Hanja Maij-Weggen who , with Mr Poos , drafted the resolution to which our group still has a number of proposed amendments .
And thirdly - and I agree with Mr Poettering here - we need to create a European Affairs Council which takes account of the progressive drive towards European integration , because European policy is no longer foreign policy in the traditional sense , it is actually European domestic policy .
My question was : are there any plans to use external professional support or recruitment advisors so as to ensure that the best possible staff are recruited ?
The Spinelli draft back in 1984 accepted the competences of the EU and the division of labour between the EU and the Member States , just as the Lamassoure report quite rightly does today .
That is why we need to build in an early warning system .
At the end of the day , everyone has to do this sort of initial check .
What this means is that we are in a position to continue the European Union 's development in line with what is needed .
Let me , though , make just two comments on it .
Taking the review clause as my second point , I consider it of extraordinary importance that Mr Lamassoure makes it clear that this can work in both directions .
As MEPs , we also want to be given definite responsibilities .
The clear delimitation of competences is of the greatest significance as regards the public 's consent to further internal integration and to enlargement .
I believe we have to go a bit deeper still if we are to show cause and effect as they really are .
This should not be imputed to the rapporteur , nor is it a justification of Saddam Hussein .
As far as the sanctions issue is concerned , Mr Gomolka , both the things you referred to are in fact the case .
I say this because I know the people there and because I also know their politicians , and so I do think that , rather than beat about the bush , we should actually say out loud that , last year , elections were held .
It needs the confidence of foreign investors , and for that it needs good policies .
Much of the criticism levelled at that suggests that we voted on it far too early on .
National rules are also jeopardised by commercial enterprises that also deal in books and unceasingly cause these national systems to be attacked by national and European courts of law in the hope that they will one day actually collapse .
He said that he respects the decisions of other Member States and I thank him for that .
Indeed , in my view , the greater our resolution in influencing the passage of European legislation on environmental matters , the greater our credibility will be in Johannesburg and , of course , at future conferences too .
I should also like to touch specifically on the proposed amendments .
This makes it clear that the environment and social and economic development cannot be played off against each other , but are inter-linked .
The forthcoming preparatory conference in Indonesia has now been extended , and will now take place from 24 May to 7 June .
The development of entire regions , and rural regions in particular , depends on this .
If the Union has a competence in the area of customs policy , this competence is full and not limited .
The attempts by this Commission and its predecessor to give far more priority to competition than culture have fortunately been shelved recently , and in this respect , I think we can claim to have taken a positive step .
If I look around , I see far more visitors in the galleries than Members in the chamber .
Not only is the humanitarian and economic situation at least as catastrophic as described in the motion before us ; it is also mired in a bloody civil war and power struggle which threaten to split the country .
The Hindu nationalist parties justify their radicalism by referring to the spread of Islam in neighbour states and its influence on India .
I asked for an update on the targeted sanctions applied against certain persons .
But the Commission representative might at least add to today 's statement on the common fisheries policy an explanation of how these common decisions are taken .
You just have to agree at some point on what it is you want .
Which is why I shall say no more .
We cannot have gangs of muggers striking terror here in the House , while all the security service does is to search and harass our visitors , our assistants and sometimes even us .
We need responsible fisheries and aquaculture which allow a healthy marine ecosystem .
This system is also much easier to control using VMS and can also be adapted year on year , depending on how stocks evolve .
The fleet will also be healthier economically and less dependent on aid .
You can certainly count on my total commitment .
Who , at long last , is going to give me , is going to give all of us the data and facts we need if we are to back the reform