The provisions on the controversial question of abortion and on toxic shock syndrome are worded in such a way that most Members can support them .
The European Commission has established that there are considerable shortcomings as regards incorporating equal opportunities into the Community programmes .
The credibility of our Parliament depends on it .
A man felt this law discriminated against him .
Laws that give priority to women but also allow individual cases to be assessed and do not exclude men from the outset are absolutely consistent with Community law .
The strategy of women 's policy should not simply be to achieve a numerically fair distribution .
Madam President , first let me express my appreciation to the rapporteurs and congratulate them on their comprehensive work .
We therefore propose that Annex VI , XX ( Powers and responsibilities of standing committees ) should be clarified and that relations with the European Ombudsman should be included among the responsibilities of the Committee on Petitions .
That is the point of a roll-call vote .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , after lengthy preparatory work , this proposal for a regulation is a step in the right direction .
That is not necessarily the case under this regulation , but we must create an instrument to do so very quickly .
In general terms , the reasons for EU-wide tax harmonisation are accumulating by the day and the orphan drug regulation is another reason .
Since there are no economic incentives , we have to compensate for this .
We believe that this is such a specialised problem that we need this kind of committee and cannot and should not use the committees normally available .
That is why we do not want to accept that amendment .
But if Parliament so wishes , we can of course take another look at the question of how we can further improve this specific area of research into pharmaceutical products .
As Christians we cannot pronounce against life and the unborn child is just as alive as the child that has been born .
For these reasons I had to vote against the Hautala report .
I have tabled the corresponding amendments .
Then there is Amendment No 12 .
Information can be provided but information campaigns are another difficult matter , as we cannot conduct an information campaign that is the same for all Member States because health policy also has to be conveyed in a psychologically very different manner .
So there is a great deal to do here .
Similarly we agree with Mr Virgin 's comment that it makes no sense whatsoever to spend money on preventive health care , especially on information about the risks of smoking , while at the same time subsidising tobacco crops .
That is its right .
But that does not necessarily mean we know what will happen next .
If we do not achieve our objective of resolving this dispute , then I fear the WTO will slip on a banana skin .
President Santer rightly pointed out that financial reform is one of the main pillars of Agenda 2000 .
A rebate is anti-systemic and in no way justifiable , even in relation to financing the Structural Funds or the costs of enlargement .
Nobody would even think of denying the Community nature of our structural policy .
When we vote on this report we will also be deciding our own ability to act .
That is why I particularly regret the rejection of the proposal from our Committee on Budgetary Control that the Commission provide information concerning the possibility of personalising the contributions that feed the own resources system .
It casts very serious doubt on the credibility of European policy-making and is something that must also be discussed during the negotiations on a new financial framework .
Mr President , my supplementary concerns the punitive tariffs themselves that the United States has imposed unilaterally .
The discussion showed that extensively enough .
I think that anyone with any brains and common sense will realise that a transport network without interconnection points is an incomplete system , but then nobody has ever pretended that every member of the Council shines with common sense .
The situation regarding inland ports is somewhat different .
All that remains is for me to thank my colleagues in the committee for their cooperation , to also thank the Commission departments with whom we also cooperated , and finally to call on the Council to finally get round to producing a common position before the end of the legislative term , so that we can get on with this in the autumn .
In that respect , we have come closer to one another .
What you have just offered us , namely to reject all the proposals we submitted , is outrageous !
After the hearing in committee , we should not get involved in this .
It is vital for the railways to become competitive and become a serious alternative to road transport .
I should like to point out , however , that I asked a perfectly proper supplementary to which no answer was given .
On the procedure , I would like to tell you that I did not have to determine this myself .
In any case , we want to discuss it again and I just need to know whether it will be on the agenda then .
We must make our contribution to stabilising the euro , and the German Presidency has a particular responsibility here .
The demands are balanced and they are before the Council .
Those who advocate such utter foolishness - because they have run out of ideas and people are running away from them - are also , and with a complete lack of responsibility ,