to be especially careful , because there is currently the risk of a real foul-up and people are hiding behind the fact that the cases , the dossiers , have been sealed by the courts .
In a European jobs market , I think it is most important for people to gain experience of working in other Member States , and that is what this programme makes possible .
That was the problem here .
In ten or so cases , these have either been underpaid or not paid at all .
The Commission has not exercised adequate scrutiny here .
If we do , we lose all credibility , and for that reason we have tabled an amendment .
In short , Europe needs to grasp the nettle of major crime in Tampere .
Just compare the work done by Europol , which is responsible specifically for detection work in these areas .
There is none , indeed there is no democratic scrutiny , as has become apparent .
All proposed measures in the justice field must be brought before the European Parliament .
I think that is a good thing .
So we were highly critical on that count .
I find it absurd that the Council does not draw on research findings .
Mr President , the purpose of these reports is to give an interpretation of how cooperation in the European Union between police and justice authorities ought to function .
I have a good deal of difficulty , however , with the report by Mr Bontempi .
The point of this completely escapes me , unless you want a European constitution as the first step towards a European state .
It beggars belief that even in the terrible circumstances we are witnessing today , there is no will to work together .
We want just one thing : an approach to European asylum policy which is at all times fast , efficient and humane .
We have no system for the acceptance of refugees , although we do have a very small refugee fund of EUR 15 million or so .
What we need now is legislation .
The Tampere summit will be too late to help the Kosovars .
The political reluctance shown by some Member States of the Union is disgraceful too .
That right must be upheld for refugees and displaced persons too .
A large number of counter-productive derogations have been scrapped , and I shall be glad to support the Cox report .
This is why Parliament has pressed for it to happen as speedily as possible , and we shall support any measure which expedites the process .
The Wise Men tell us that the supervisory bodies within the Commission are a mess and that procedures take too long .
Staff policy is a machine running out of control .
Fernand Herman 's report will be debated this week .
New agreements have been reached and it needs , I think , to be approved and accepted before the new Commission takes up its duties .
I hope that your legitimate authority as president will be a factor in their approval , in the giving of your agreement .
How often have we had to make do with talks with officials ?
We hoped to achieve a true government which would be answerable and accountable to Parliament , and would work together with Parliament .
Your appointment has been swift , and that is a good thing .
This is a political decision , worthy of a good European .
A word or two if I may , Mr President .
This reasoning conceals a major risk , because it seems the Union is going to conduct its export policy along the same lines .
The aim of export subsidies is to keep agricultural prices high throughout the Union .
I would remind you of the debates we had here on Vilvoorde and the Renault affair , for example , when we found that our rules on information and codetermination were not strong enough , and certainly not as far as penalties were concerned .
From my own experience in the Netherlands , I know that works councils have often acquitted themselves better , when firms close down , than the management which was accountable to investors .
We said to begin with that these were so special that they had to be excluded , but now we are saying that they must in principle be included and that if an exemption is granted , it can be granted only on the basis of an agreement between the social partners in the sector concerned .
Mr President , we are dealing here with sectors which have been excluded for a long time .
Let me add a brief remark on the subject of doctors in the United Kingdom .
What was strange was that so many sectors were taken out of the scope of the 1993 directive .
The sentence read as follows : ' The ( minimum ) rest period referred to in the first subparagraph shall in principle include Sunday ' .
In the mid-1980s , as a member of the Dutch Parliament , I asked our environment minister to take action in the Netherlands and in Europe in the light of the proposed rules on them .
The Committee on Research , Technological Development and Energy asked me if I had considered carefully the technical basis of my proposal .
So from the point of view of liberalisation as well , I think we have to seek requirements which are as far as possible the same .
Mr President , large combustion plants account in total for 63 % of sulphur dioxide and 21 % of nitrogen oxide emissions in the European Union .
Lastly , very dirty fuels must not be given an advantage in the form of higher emission limits .
