Thank you very much , Mr Mastorakis .
On the other hand , I am glad that there have been amendments on three issues I consider to be essential to the report .
Therefore , we will do everything possible to ensure that the consensus approach will allow this report to be effective .
Therefore , Mr President , I insist that the report by Mr Morillon and Mr Cohn-Bendit moves in the right direction ; we will try to persuade them to support our amendments , at least the general ones , not those relating to specific countries .
Mr President , in a recent survey in Morocco , 82 % of secondary school students expressed their desire to emigrate to Europe .
Given the way things are developing , perhaps we should reach the conclusion that the European Union 's policy on the Maghreb and Euro-Mediterranean relations should also be one of our main internal priorities .
However , despite the work done , our group cannot vote in favour of the report because certain elements we consider to be important are lacking and this could be corrected .
We believe that the fact that this report does not adequately deal with this crucial phenomenon is a shortcoming which must be corrected , together with others which relate to improving democratic conditions , as other speakers have already said .
Without allowing the cosmetics industry to delay eliminating its animal experimentation practices , the proposal for a directive allows exceptions for very specific tests and for a maximum period of ten years .
At last the Spanish Presidency has achieved a laborious agreement within the Council .
Of course the assent does not mean renouncing Parliament 's positions .
Madam President , this is a truly historic event : the first modification of the 1976 Act .
And it is also the case that we had to comply with a mandate and resolve an issue which stemmed from a judgment of a Court - in this case the Strasbourg Court - and therefore adapt our electoral system to the judgment in the Matthews case .
The Convention is working on the idea of a politically united Europe without internal borders .
Every day and every week we are hearing all types of messages which argue that the composition of this House leads to democratic deficit .
The Presidency is pleased , because this is a strengthening , a further step - as Mr Carnero said - in the strengthening of the role of the European Parliament as a true representative of the people of Europe .
I am sure that the broader political issues mentioned during the debate will be discussed and dealt with by the Convention and perhaps that will be the best place to find a definitive solution to them .
This summit is intended to deal jointly with the economic challenges - development in the sense of pure economic growth - the social challenges - the reduction of poverty , achieving the aims of the United Nations Millennium Declaration - and the environmental challenges .
We must prevent the Johannesburg Summit dictating the nature of the reforms of Community policies .
Secondly , I will comment on the perspectives in the run-up to the Seville European Council .
The Presidency believes that the European Union should play a role similar to the one it played in Monterrey : to seek consensus with our main partners .
A political declaration must be very short , very clear and prevent confrontation , and must be aimed at implementation and practical issues .
The eradication of poverty is becoming a priority objective in the world because it is the only way we can guarantee security , governance and equality in a globalised world .
Nevertheless , I should not like to end this debate on a negative note , having mentioned all the injustices inherent in the distribution of poverty in the world and the enormous problems of world trade and environmental problems and not state that Europe has the capacity for leadership .
This is the very reason we were not able to achieve anything positive in Bali but , nevertheless , our desire to conclude an agreement remains intact .
I therefore ask you again , Commissioner , do you not think , given the gravity of this situation , that the current financial framework of aid to Morocco should be made dependent on its fulfilling its obligations in the field of immigration and of the control of its borders with the European Union ?
How can we accept the contradiction that the MEDA Programme has been shrinking in the current three-year period and that the reduction in the preliminary draft budget for 2003 is quite drastic - 470 % less in real terms ?
In this context , the Commission has proposed adding a set of links to the applicant countries .
Clearly , the increase in traffic will indeed be highly concentrated in border areas and for this very reason , we are promoting , through various projects , a return to rail goods transport in the fifteen current Member States of the European Union and also the maintenance of railways as a mode of transport in the candidate countries .
We only have projections and forecasts and , as I said in my first speech , the forecast is of an increase of around 50 % in road transport - between 40 % and 50 % - in the next ten years , in other words , by 2010 .
This deadline ended on 23 May 2002 , the date on which the Commission received comments from the parties concerned .
We have , furthermore , requested confirmation and details from the Greek administration .
I believe that this is a good directive , which deals with the problems women face far too frequently , in the workplace and in professional life and will be a genuine tool to prevent discrimination .
Five basic issues will