2020' and post-Copenhagen strategies .
In this context , the European Earth observation programme may prove to be an opportunity for the European Union in that it will encourage the development of its industrial strategy (especially in the space industry ) , benefit the public in terms of job creation and the development of research for innovation , improve environmental research and people 's security and , lastly , generate synergies with other sectors , which may create valuable opportunities for small and medium-sized enterprises .
It will therefore increase our capacity to prevent and manage major disasters , i .e . oil spills , forest fires , floods and landslides .
This programme could serve as an example of Europe 's commitment to establishing a genuine industrial policy for the space industry and will create more benefits for society .
I welcome the approval of the conclusion of the Statute of the International Renewable Energy Agency ( IRENA ) .
I voted in favour of the Statute of the International Renewable Energy Agency , which will promote renewable energies and thus help reduce greenhouse gas emissions .
The IRENA will therefore help implement these objectives , particularly with regard to increasing the proportion of renewable energy to 20 % of total energy production by 2020 .
I welcome the fact that several Member States have not accepted this situation and have decided to resort to enhanced cooperation so as to move forward with this proposal .
Given their particular sensitivity , matters of family law are exclusively the responsibility of the Member States .
In these proceedings , European citizens were faced with legal problems affecting their separation .
This proposal for a decision thus aims at lifting Estonia 's derogation from 1 January 2011 .
Estonia 's accession to the euro once again highlights the vision , appeal and belief that the Member States that do not yet belong to the euro area invest in the single currency and its future .
The effort to consolidate the budget and balance public accounts should be ongoing , active and effective .
In this context , I restate the urgent need to create effective mechanisms to monitor constantly and in real time the economic and budgetary performance of all Member States , so as to ensure compliance with the convergence criteria .
I believe it is important for the Member States to ensure that suspects or accused persons who do not understand or speak the language of the criminal proceedings in question can benefit from interpretation services without delay .
It is very important that a citizen of any Member State has the right to interpretation and translation of all documents relating to their case in criminal justice proceedings .
Insofar as several doubts remain about the scope of the draft directive , particularly regarding the distinction between self-employed drivers and mobile workers , we share the rapporteur 's view that it should be recast .
We consider this outcome extremely important for combating social dumping , for defending the right of workers in the sector to health and rest , and for improving road safety conditions .
That is why , after following this dossier closely , I felt it was right to vote against the Commission proposal .
Consumers have the right to know what is contained in the foodstuffs they consume .
( Statement abbreviated in accordance with Article 170( 1 ) of the Rules of Procedure ) A standardised labelling system for foodstuffs in the internal market is not only vital and necessary in order to guarantee the European consumer high levels of food safety , but also an important instrument for the competitiveness of companies in this sector in trade within the EU.
Today , we know that eating a poor diet or too much of certain nutrients ( such as salt or fats ) can lead to a great many diseases that not only represent serious public health problems but are also extremely costly to health services .
I welcome the adoption of this report on the provision of food information to consumers , which combines and replaces seven directives and one regulation .
The same situation exists with wines .
We acknowledge and endorse the fact that the structure of the proposal applies essentially to prepacked foods .
For this reason , we are of the opinion that the labelling of food products is fundamental to having greater market transparency , insofar as it allows producers to inform consumers in a regulated and credible manner about the quality and/or specific regional origin of their products .
More uniform food labelling throughout the European Union is needed to ensure greater transparency through simplified information for consumers , more legal certainty for food enterprises and greater clarity in the acquis communautaire .
The regulation should not apply to these products because of their special nature and the fact that they themselves ensure European diversity .
Efforts must be concentrated on the citizens , through reinforcement of their participation and their autonomy , while encouraging their spirit of enterprise and innovation , as well as on small and medium-sized enterprises , making legislation work more in their favour .
If we do not adopt the measures of collective discipline and accountability that are required , Europe will be consigned to marginalisation and impoverishment .
Innovation , research and development , and investment in worker training are essential to making Europe more competitive in a globalised world .
That means an immediate end to the Stability and Growth Pact and its stupid criteria , which only serve as an excuse to facilitate the increasing exploitation of those who work , as is happening in Portugal .
I also agree with the importance of the requirement that the EU budget should reflect the need to fund the transition towards an environmentally sustainable economy .
I support greater political integration in the EU and coordinated and strengthened economic governance .
