Although reform in this sector is still very much in its early stage , from the point of view of the Commission we estimate that the country is now on the right track in this regard .
This was stressed in our comprehensive monitoring report of October , and the significant deficits in living and care conditions in some establishments need to be tackled .
Of course , the key is implementation .
I am ready to provide further details of the peer review if needed .
How long does it take in this field ?
That is a very relative concept .
This will be the focus of our peer review .
I can assure you that during the Commission ’s 15 years of follow-up we have never had any suspicion proven about the use of caged beds in Romania .
We have found that for Eastern and Central Europe – the so-called new Member States , as well as the future Member State of Romania – twinning has been one of the most effective arrangements for disseminating knowledge .
We have to study it more carefully to see what practical arrangements can be made .     .
I have already responded on the basis of a very careful assessment by the Commission .
Mr President , first I would like to thank the rapporteur , Mr Grech , for his excellent proposal and the agreeable levels of cooperation we were able to achieve during discussion of the report .
Firstly , we have to stop talking about an annual 20 % increase or ceiling .
This will cultivate the credibility expected of Parliament .
We must also plan all the information we give out well beforehand in order to determine the costs of projects and the personnel needs involved .
The best example of the provision of information is visitor groups , and now we must really make haste to ensure that the EUR 5 million which was decided on last year is made use of as quickly as possible .
This perhaps does not sound like a very politically important issue , but the issue of how we treat employees with children is very important from the point of view of the status of Parliament as an employer .
The proposal that has just been made to stop using the Eastman Nursery is obviously very alarming , and I hope that agreement can be reached on adopting this amendment .     .
A feature of next year’s budget is once again the establishment of the new activity-based accounting system in all the institutions .
A feature of next year’s budget is the anticipated enlargement .
Romania and Bulgaria are very likely to join the EU next year .
We need to emphasise the importance of organising the linguistic service and the employment of staff .
This will be an indication of Parliament’s administrative discipline .
We must nevertheless insist that the provision of information remains relevant and appropriate .
Although there have been improvements to the current facilities for showing visitors around , they leave a lot to be desired .
There are too few rooms for visitors to assemble in , and there is too much queuing .
The real costs of visitor groups should be met more effectively .
All too often there tend to be more and more demands concerning the budget while it is being debated throughout the autumn , which should be regarded as unacceptable .
The amendment to the Financial Regulation has been an immense job of preparation , and one that is very technical and tough-going .
The very fact that Parliament’s opinion is clear to everyone is precisely due to this excellent preparatory work .
My warmest thanks go to them for that .
The main objective has been to eliminate and simplify bureaucracy and increase flexibility , while at the same wishing to guarantee financial security .
Now is the period of interim evaluation .
There is still a great deal of bureaucracy , however , and there are considerable controls and checks in place .
In our opinion , the rapporteurs adopted just the right approach in endeavouring to relate necessary administration to a manageable sum of money .
At present the procedures are sometimes so complicated and expensive that action does not result in the achievement of the objectives we aspire to , such as cooperation with the private sector .
We would have liked a bolder , more liberal approach .
Complicated administrative processes only serve as protection for ineffectual civil servants , freeing them from having to make decisions .
The majority of the Member States are slowing down the implementation of the Lisbon Strategy for totally selfish reasons , and for short-sighted ones too .
We are completely stuck , and we are going nowhere .
The Nordic countries , however , have maintained peak levels of competitiveness , the welfare state and a large knowledge base .
I would ask Mr Barroso , President of the European Commission , whether it is possible that you have the sort of southern temperament to pass this example on to those who are still afraid of the bold solutions which we adopted a long time ago .
Mr President , in the western Balkans the EU can really make a difference .
We have seen many positive developments in recent years , but we should not be lulled into a false sense of security .
We must thus clear the way for progress on issues that really matter to the citizens of the region : economic and social development and bringing the countries into the European mainstream .
How can we best encourage the countries to stick to an ambitious reform agenda ?
Moreover , we must strive to make this perspective concrete and tangible , as the Commission has done in its recent communication .
The Commission , together with the stability pact and the countries concerned , is