That is why I voted as I did .
I support this European Parliament report in general , and consider it crucial that EU actors give their all to removing obstacles to development , to achieving the MDG , to the fight against poverty , and to ensuring that human , social , economic and environmental rights are actually put into practice in developing countries .
There are several significant and positive aspects , such as : calling attention to the tragedy of hunger at world level ; pointing out the incongruence and ineffectiveness of agreements on fisheries in the face of proclaimed development-cooperation objectives ; denouncing the effects of Union subsidies on exports ; criticising the liberalisation of services , the introduction of competition rules , tax have ns , the capital outflow from developing countries into the EU caused by incoherent policies , the small amount of aid dedicated to agriculture ; and advocating the creation of a patent pool for HIV/Aids medicines .
However , I would express my concern regarding some suggestions , since it must be said that they could have consequences for European producers , not least those that come from geographic locations that deserve special attention .
On this subject , the rapporteur argues 'that an effective , balanced and dissuasive penalty system can only be based on clear , transparent and comparable penalties across the Member States ' and 'calls on the Member States to find legislative and practical ways of reducing the , in some cases , very substantial differences in the type and level of penalties applied ' .
Road safety is , without doubt , an important matter , as is improving working conditions in the road transport sector , not least driving times and rest periods .
The adoption of this resolution is another step towards eliminating serious infringements of the social rules in this area .
I welcome the solutions proposed for such differences in the report , not least the necessary harmonised categorisation of serious infringements , and the implementation of a system of checks - coordinated at European level by a body with the appropriate characteristics - the purpose of which would be to improve cooperation on the implementation of social rules and ensure the training of inspection bodies charged with applying these rules .
That is why I want to focus on the most important issues raised by these two proposals .
If we are talking about proposals that are based on , and supported by , issues such as donation , volunteering , gratuitousness , confidentiality , safeguarding of data , traceability , accountability - and here I think that Parliament 's interest in helping until the patient recovers and not just in donating is important - and cooperation between Member States , we are on the right track .
Faced with the crisis that they created , speculative financial capital 's decision-making centres - as well as their institutional extensions in the EU 's institutions and in governments - have just launched a new and different attack on the people and workers of Europe .
Despite acknowledging the delays to the hesitant measures that they have taken , what the representatives of the Spanish Presidency of the EU and the Commission have reaffirmed here was that they are going to continue down the same path of capitalist integration and go further with it ; they are running around like headless chickens .
Local and regional authorities have also been pointing out that they were not involved enough , in either defining or implementing the strategy , and that European and national objectives did not match up well .
As well as speeding up decision-making mechanisms , the Treaty of Lisbon is contributing to the fight against the democratic deficit , strengthening the roles of national parliaments and the European Parliament , and stressing the exercise of European citizenship .
I voted for this recommendation because it effectively contributes to helping European consumers choose products that use less energy or which indirectly lead to less energy being used .
The directive on energy labelling guarantees that consumers will receive adequate information thanks to the compulsory inclusion of the energy label on advertising .
This will also lead to an increase in confidence in technical assessment and the information content on labels .
All advertising for products related to energy or their respective prices must include a reference to the energy efficiency classification .
The approval of this directive is especially important in increasing this awareness .
That is difficult to explain during this time of crisis , but if Parliament 's work is to be excellent , it needs to have the necessary financial and human resources .
This is absolutely vital to the credibility of the European institutions and public confidence in those in power .
The traceability and protection of donors and recipients also deserve special attention .
The scarcity of organs for transplantation has been feeding a terrible market which affects , above all , developing countries , but which has also hit deprived people in Eastern Europe .
I warmly welcome this proposal and its three principal objectives : guaranteeing quality and security for patients at Union level , ensuring the protection of donors and facilitating cooperation between Member States .
I endorse the Commission 's view that , in principle , organ transplantation programmes must comply with the principle of voluntary and free donation .
As well as affecting quality and safety , and the establishment of procedures necessary for procurement and transport , these improvements relate to the protection of donors and recipients , with due consideration being given to ethical principles and the principle of non-remuneration .
Specific training programmes should thus be developed for these professionals .
One of the ways of minimising this problem is exchange between EU Member States , ensuring greater compatibility between donor and recipient