Freedoms and Rights , Justice and Home Affairs were able to adopt a report that disregarded impractical and unacceptable amendments .
By this , you are offending against the principle that the first Member State with which the application is lodged is to be responsible for examining it and the principle that burdens should be shared , something that we can achieve indirectly , and you would end up exacerbating the situation in countries which are , in any case , already struggling with the greatest integration problems .
Both these things contribute to a coherent policy on asylum .
I could keep on adding to the list for a long time .
I have , in fact , nothing to add to Mr McCartin 's description of the positive development on the revenue side .
Mr McCartin , you have made critical comments on this in your report .
I am very glad that the Court of Auditors has thoroughly audited the Agency for the Reconstruction of Kosovo , and done so at a very early juncture .
Yes , the agencies do now have their own rapporteur on the Committee on Budgets , and Mr Kuckelkorn has already achieved a great deal .
We are left with criticism of a few of this EDF process 's anachronisms , with which we have long been acquainted and which ought to be done away with as quickly as possible .
I will conclude by asking you to support my Amendment No 8 to Mr McCartin 's report .
For example , if a group dismisses a member of its staff , he or she protests his or her innocence to the House authorities and takes Parliament to an industrial tribunal .
In conclusion , I wish to express my agreement with Mr Kuhne , who spoke before me .
Let me emphasise that again .
Commissioner Schreyer has already referred to the desire to make use of the time for enlargement , in order to prepare these countries for it .
In the report , Strasbourg gets more of the same treatment when it is mentioned that the variable costs of the five-day part-sessions in Strasbourg are 33 % higher than for those in Brussels .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , today 's resolution on the Aviation Safety Agency is one of the first of many decisions that we have to take in the area of air transport .
The Aviation Safety Agency will be followed by others , dealing for example with the safety of railways and ships .
The word 'relevant ' needs to be inserted before the word 'premises ' . There are different versions of the text ; in some of them the word is completely absent , whilst in others it has become 'any ' . I therefore ask for it to be corrected to read : 'relevant premises , land , or means of transport . '
Following as I do the debates in some of our Member States on the A 400 M cargo aircraft , they indicate to me that the objective may well be in view and figures are perhaps provided , but the actual implementation and equipment are inadequate and too slow ; hence we play a small role because we are not taken seriously , because we cannot really deliver , and because things are not being implemented as they should be .
This is true also of arms policy .
We should remind ourselves that the founding fathers of the European Union did not create it because they wanted economic cooperation , but because its prime task was to ensure peace , so that there was a plan for a European defence policy as far back as the period between 1952 and 1954 .
Israel is demonstrating its total contempt for the resolutions of the UN Security Council , for international law , for international treaties and for international conventions .
That is why I would like to thank you all for coming here today and for the meeting being held in Madrid tomorrow .
One aspect of a secure existence is a life free from terror .
We can only hope that the IMO will agree an accelerated timetable in the autumn , one that we can implement without delay .
In order to provide uniform administration of justice and avoid a lack of uniformity in Europe , the court of second instance will be a higher , European court .
The Member States believe that an optional collection rate of 4 kg is the right way to go .
Particularly in cases where costs are borne collectively , and are separately identified , this issue of retroactivity , which we debated so passionately in this House when we were discussing the end-of-life vehicle directive , might be addressed .
That just cannot be right .
It is no great feat to increase the rates by 20 % - for example , for a mobile phone like this - and nor is it a political masterstroke , but the vital issue for me is what they do with the recyclable material .
( Applause ) Human rights - and it is particularly because we are Europeans that this matters to us - are indivisible the world over .
For my part I would very much welcome it if you , Commissioner , were personally to travel there to speak to those affected on the ground .
This makes us guilty of these crimes too .
The dialogue with Russia about these problems definitely needs to be stepped up .
They are systematic .
Civilians , including pregnant women , were pulled out of minibuses and shot .
We must not stand for this any longer !
This also applies to the death penalty .
We went along with that .
After all we are exchanging arguments and each side needs to take the other seriously