.
However , the Commission changed its mind and decided to propose a directive which only covered environmental impact assessments for projects .
This can be seen in the context of the debate held earlier today .
I tried to reintroduce policy areas into the text , but this amendment unfortunately received no support during the second reading .
The directive must also naturally be seen as a complement to the environmental impact statements on projects , but these come much later in the decision-making process .
This ensures that corrective measures can be taken if the monitoring shows that initiatives are insufficient .
It will also be possible to identify hazardous effects and corrective measures , if possible at an early stage .
I was not entirely satisfied with this solution .
Thank you all .
I have been listening very carefully to what has been said .
Despite being unable to comment on the substance , I would venture to refer to what the Council said earlier , namely that we are extremely keen for a decision on the new Financial Regulation to be made as quickly as possible .
I would also like to thank the Commission for an excellent proposal for a directive regarding safety belts and child restraint systems in vehicles .
We would never accept such a high death rate in any other form of transport , so we must act .
The question is whether the EU should legislate on safety belts and child safety in cars .
Secondly there is already legislation , a directive , which must now be strengthened , due to a need for such action .
There is therefore a need for such a system .
We also have rapidly increasing numbers of tourists , which creates a need for common regulations with regard to fundamental safety measures on our roads .
It is therefore important that we have a high level of safety in all EU countries , so that we know what regulations apply to private drivers or occupational drivers , and also to car manufacturers .
The Commission ' s proposal is a strengthening of a previous directive , which states that all passengers in a vehicle equipped with safety belts must use them , that all children must , without exception , be restrained in approved child car seats , that children under three may not travel in cars without suitable child car seats , with the exception of taxis , and that the use of rear-facing child car seats is forbidden if the air bag has not been de-activated .
Briefly , the first amendment is that the Commission , along with the Member States and road safety organisations , should promote an information campaign .
We also want the Commission , in partnership with the automotive industry , to develop safer and more user-friendly systems for air bags .
I would also like to emphasise that legislation is often not sufficient , but must be supplemented once we have a law .
We have talked a great deal about sexual harassment .
I would like to point out that one does not choose to be a parent - a parent is something you are once you have become one .
I hope that the vast majority will back Mrs Hautala' s proposal .
One of the key issues is the new regulations on discrimination against women , namely the right to return to work after parental leave .
Here , a permanent employee was forced to resign so that the employment of the person standing in for them could be terminated .
It is important that we have regulations which prevent conduct that discriminates against young women in leading positions in the private or public sectors .
I believe this is one of the key issues , particularly considering how many young women are currently employed in temporary posts .
Where this issue is concerned , I believe we must look at the link between the two fundamental rights which we find in the legislation of many countries , namely freedom of association and the right to protection against discrimination , that is to say the right to equal opportunities .
I agree with most of what has been brought up in the discussion , especially by the speakers immediately preceding me .
I hope that it will never be possible to implement any such measure at European level .
Mr President , I would like to clarify paragraph 11 on which we are to vote .
How will this point be received by Estonia , Poland and Cyprus , for example ?
Therefore , the Swedish Christian Democratic Party also cannot approve paragraph 31 of the report in question which demands that defence policy be included in 'enhanced cooperation ' or "flexible integration " .
This is now also the common view of Parliament as a whole .
There is no single European mother tongue , but a great many .
This is fully in line with the fact that citizens do not want increased distance from the decision-makers and increasing European political centralisation .
I believe that it is incredibly important that we really keep separate the definitions of refugees , which after all have nothing to do with this particular matter , and of the exploitation of labour and of sexual exploitation .
We now know that roughly 90 % of the victims of trafficking in human beings , whom these matters concern , are women whom it is intended to exploit sexually .
We have thus focused on the man instead of stigmatising the person who is prostituting herself .
The definitions of child pornography that we adopted in the women ' s committee are much better .
Now , it has been introduced into Europe .
These children are increasingly being exploited by tourists and businessmen who , remarkably often , come