they are occurring in the same country .
We should also like to know whether we can work in conjunction with the Organisation for African Unity to set up a no-fly zone in Darfur , which will be the only way to stop the violence to any serious and credible degree .
In Fashr , during the meeting with the heads of families and tribes who together were deciding on a reconciliation pact , there were the fathers of the controlling militia and the fathers of rebel sons who were saying : ‘They are our sons ; we have to make peace ! ’ In Juba , in the south ravaged by war , which is , however , experiencing hope because of that amazing , vital agreement , members of parliament and NGOs told us of the need to work fast , to clear the roads of landmines , to reunite divided families and to open the university under the watchful eye of UNMIS.
We do not have to resort to major articles of the Treaty in order to ensure that the Council and the Commission , together with Parliament – and that is absolutely crucial – can work to improve the question of European coordination , or at least to put it on the agenda .
Two telephone calls were enough to convince a couple of European prime ministers or Heads of Government , and the executive directors were completely bypassed : I believe that that would have been perfectly preventable if we had so desired .
It has also put the Committee on Development of this Parliament under the spotlight .
The European Union , let us repeat , is the largest donor in the world , and yet it often forgets to supplement the donations with effective political action .
We perhaps believed him back then , but that is certainly no longer the case .
I am calling for two adjectives , ‘public and private’ to be added to the term ‘security ’ in order to further extend this fitting safeguard to employees in the private security sector , who are often penalised and inadequately protected at trade union level .     Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I asked a representative sample of the 20 million senior citizens from Italy , a large number of whom voted for me to be here as a Member of the European Parliament to represent them , how I should vote on the reduction in working time .
By indistinctly muddling 8 May 1945 with the crimes of Stalinism , we do a disservice to the commemoration of the Liberation of Europe .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , my hope is that the comparison that will follow from this evening’s presentation may bring about a favourable outcome .
The proposal on external actions , moreover , seems disappointing .
Why do we not enter into the merits of the results ?
Why is there no mention of how subsidies given to 25 000 cotton growers in the United States have reduced millions of people to starvation in Central Africa ?
We have discussed them and we have seen their tragic result in the ACP-EU Joint Parliamentary Assembly held at Bamako .
Concerned by the consequences , I sought to find out what provisions the Commission intended to adopt , given that the principles upon which the WTO rules are based ( the environment , work , non-harmful products , counterfeiting ) were being violated by China .
A new strategy needs to be drawn up , and we need to additionally consider the poverty and needs that exist in Europe itself , including its requirement for harmonious development .
We are all pleased at China ’s entry into the WTO ; we helped to achieve this objective .
The Minister for Industry , in the hearing duly organised by Mr Baron Crespo , gave a precise account of the figures : 100 million employees working 24 hours per day .
Fourthly : putting on the agenda a serious discussion of the consequences of the excessive appreciation of the euro .
Creativity , innovative technology , and team spirit among the institutions , industry , the social partners and the research world are , of course , equally necessary .
Its institutional architecture suffers greatly as a result of it , and the spirit issuing from it in no way fosters widespread participation by the people .
The result does not matter ; in the end Spanish , French and British citizens will have a much greater understanding of Italians .
If it is the case that in Italy , where they did not want a referendum , citizens are not familiar with the European Constitution , or in Spain , where they actually approved it by a large majority , 80 % of Spanish citizens were not acquainted with the European Constitution , I believe that any construction project that starts from the top and not the bottom is inevitably doomed to fail .
The Union could , for instance , directly organise technical teams , made up of recent graduates or senior citizens with experience , who are specialists in building infrastructures , in the food processing industry and in other sectors that are vital for the development of Togo and other similar countries .
I must say that my Group is slightly uneasy about the way in which this debate is being conducted .
There are currently no positive initiatives emerging from the Commission in the context of the environment , society or culture .
The request came from Parliament , and I was in full agreement .
It is clear that Parliament must have an important role .
I agree , in fact , that it should participate in the agency’s governing body – this is a symbolic aspect , but also an important one .
I therefore confirm this commitment , by once again thanking the rapporteur for her report .     .
