its staff , it is henceforth termed foreign .
It is sad to see that around 60 % of the population is currently in financial crisis and frequently lives below the poverty line .
That strength is still great in Zimbabwe , still non-violent and still oriented towards peace and democratic solutions .
For Mugabe , the expropriation of large farms is now principally an instrument to reward his old following of freedom fighters at last after decades of delay .
The only industry that took root originated from State-owned enterprises or served only the local market and the tourists .
The need for stronger industry in these countries was and is abused by industries from the rich North because , although these industries want to expand , the southern countries are still not very important as markets whilst their purchasing power remains low .
Let us Europeans take our responsibility , let us join in making payments if necessary , and most importantly let us lay down rules to ensure that this kind of error is not repeated by European enterprises .     Mr President , today , the European Parliament is debating a treaty that is , as regards its nature and content , a constitution , or at least that is what the rapporteurs tell us we are doing .
In my view , there are a few missed opportunities in a number of areas .
The treaty is about more than these innovations ; it is about the text as a whole .
During the forthcoming referendum , the Dutch Liberals will campaign actively in favour of the EU’s new Constitutional Treaty .     Mr President , as Vice-Chairman of the Convention , I can only rejoice at the likelihood of the European Parliament , tomorrow , and by an overwhelming majority , declaring itself in favour of this Constitution .
It is an apology , an excessively one-sided enumeration of the Constitution’s many benefits .
In addition , in the new Constitution , more than 30 types of decisions have been replaced by a handful of terms readily recognisable by the public , including ‘law ’ and ‘enabling legislation’ .
Around the referendum in the spring , we will be enthusiastically advocating this position , supported by Johan Cruyff , Catalan Dutchman or Dutch Catalan in the Spanish campaign .
It is an important step that the European Parliament supports this and remains critical about the way in which this Treaty will be fleshed out at local or regional level in the next few years .
Is it not , though , the case that , thanks to years of indecision on the part of the Council , we have tacitly already decided in favour of the sectoral approach ?
I would like to wish the Luxembourg Presidency success , and I wish it more wisdom than its Dutch predecessor had , although you have already made a little with your remark about the Constitution .
Exactly what kind of misunderstandings do you mean , and who , in your view , is labouring under them ?
We may then be able to have the desperately needed debate about the services directive , which seems to be absent in too many crucial places in Europe .     Mr President , as you know , the European institutions recently – and , I think , disastrously – cut the Gordian knot with regard to the possible accession of a non-European country , Turkey , to the European Union .
Clear sanctions are still needed .
I will therefore repeat to Mr Goebbels and Mr Cohn-Bendit that the Socialists and the Greens do not have sole exhibition rights in this respect .
We do , however , resist the European big brother state , which is the precise opposite of what is laid down in this Constitution , namely respect for the subsidiarity principle .
With the European Constitution , Europe wants to make Europe more democratic and more transparent .
Apart from a noncommittal paragraph concerning the recognition of the national identity of the Member States , in this Constitution , the Union completely overlooks the institutional reality in various Member States .
Today , the advocates of the Constitution are celebrating .
I do not want to be part of today’s festivities .
After all , the Constitution is an enormous step forward and in the event of non-ratification , we will fall back on the provisions of the Treaty of Nice , which are less efficient , transparent and democratic than the present Treaty establishing a European Constitution .     .
The Commission and the Council must therefore ensure that additional new funds are created .
If not , the money will be caught again in intermediate layers , which would be a crying shame .
Tomorrow too , many more people will die or be forced to flee their homes , for example in Darfur , Sudan and elsewhere .
These people should not be the victims of the useful and generous campaigns for Asia .
Not only should we give with a heart , as somebody said , but also with our brains .     Mr President , I would like to add to Mr Martens ’ words of appreciation for the Commission ’s rapid and effective response to the request for aid .
Very often in large-scale food aid , we notice that , due to enormous price rises on account of the enormous extra demand arising in those areas , the poor in nearby regions suffer as a result .
Both sides have to make an effort if there is to be a significant improvement in relations .
These are all areas in which the differences are often still gigantic .
Moreover , in terms of combating terrorism and the spread of weapons of mass destruction , the European Union is really no match for the United States