the current Member States .
( Applause ) I would also like to answer the questions put forward by Mr Barón Crespo , whom I also thank for his good wishes concerning the Danish Presidency .
The Danish Foreign Minister did not talk about using a stick against the applicant countries .
I would say to Mr Barón Crespo and also to Mr Bonde , who went into the matter of future reforms of agricultural policy - and here I am also talking as Danish Prime Minister - that Denmark supports future reforms of agricultural policy .
Mr Barón Crespo also raised the matter of the Middle East , as did Mr Laschet later in the debate .
I believe that , amongst other things , this will start to set in motion a process which may lead to reforms in Palestinian self-rule ; after all , elections are not that far off .
The aim of our current deliberations is to create a basis for a later peace conference in which the Israeli-Palestinian peace negotiations can be resumed .
I can state that the Danish Foreign Minister will be discussing this matter with the US Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs , Colin Powell , later today - as is only natural , since we are endeavouring to bring about close cooperation between the EU , the United States and other members of the Quartet in respect of this matter .
Moreover , I can tell Mr Barón Crespo that the Danish Presidency is a great supporter of the community method in the EU.
Then several speakers have raised the matter of Cyprus .
I would like to emphasise that the Danish Presidency will stick to the decisions made in Helsinki , which consist of three elements .
And I would like to say to Mr Alavanos that there is nothing new in this .
The Danish Presidency will act on the basis of this decision and there is complete agreement between the Commission and the Presidency regarding the Cyprus issue .
Mr President , firstly I regret the fact that Prime Minister Fogh Rasmussen got the impression that I was trying to suggest that his commitment to implementing enlargement was anything less than absolute .
I would not dream of doing so .
I merely wanted to acknowledge the Prime Minister 's comment that enlargement would take place whatever the circumstances , even if it does not succeed this year .
Although Mr Watson excellently drew the comparison between being an asylum-seeker in Denmark and in England respectively , a number of false allegations were made concerning Danish policy ; we heard this most recently in what Mrs Frassoni said a moment ago .
Firstly , that the report on human rights for which the European Affairs Minister Mr Haarder was rapporteur whilst he was a member of the European Parliament is complied with in every respect in the new policy on foreigners implemented by the governing parties and the Dansk Folkeparti .
We can deal with that disagreement in Denmark .
When the EU acts as legislator there should be the same openness as in the national parliaments , and when administration is carried out by the EU citizens should have better access to documents .
As far as I am aware , they have all stated that they support enlargement and in technical terms it is quite easy to take declaration No 20 from the summit in Nice and place numbers of votes and seats in the European Parliament in the accession treaties .
Technically it is easy , and the Nice Treaty is no thing of beauty and is otherwise to be amended by the Convention that is in progress and the coming Intergovernmental Conference , as Valéry Giscard d'Estaing , the Chairman of the Convention , so rightly points out in the Danish newspapers today .
I quote in English from the Berlingske Tidende :
Mr President , I would like to thank my former colleagues for the very friendly reception that I have been given .
I can assure Mr Barón Crespo , Mrs Frahm , Mr Gahrton , Mr Olle Schmidt , Mr Andersson , Mrs Frassoni and Mr Schulz that the Presidency will follow up all the Tampere objectives , i .e . the objective of creating an area of freedom , security and justice in Europe .
We will follow up the entire Seville declaration , and in the area of asylum we will even attempt to achieve more than was envisaged in Seville .
We have drawn up a timetable , a 'road map' , that we have given to the Commission and which we will send to Parliament .
In just three weeks ' time the heads of border controls will meet in Copenhagen to discuss how we can implement the Seville decision in reality .
Unfortunately , Denmark has an opt-out from the Treaties in this area .
I say unfortunately and appeal to Mrs Frahm , Mr Gahrton and others to help us get rid of these opt-outs , which we would like to do so that we can perhaps cooperate on them .
However , I am happy to assure Parliament that the Danish Presidency will not in any way be weakened by the Danish opt-out ; we will do everything we can to bring about unity among the fourteen , and thereafter we in Denmark will seek to adapt ourselves to the common rules .
I would like to promise Baroness Nicholson every conceivable support in the efforts to apply common rules and bring common actions and negotiations with third countries to bear against the appalling problems of child abuse that Baroness Nicholson has studied so thoroughly and drawn Parliament 's attention to time after time .
I agree with Mr Murphy in what he said about the matter