There is too much in the way of direct agricultural aid , and this leads to inefficient agriculture that damages the environment and widens the gap between rich and poor in the world .
Instead of accepting the Council’s first proposal concerning the level of the budget , Parliament chose , at first reading , to table amendments increasing both payments and forthcoming commitments .
This development is extremely regrettable and shows the importance of not increasing the European Parliament’s influence .     I voted against because of the explanatory statement concerning growth and Turkey .
We also wish to strengthen the EU’s ability to be a strong international partner in pursuit of freedom , peace and security .
However , we wish to increase aid for research and development , as well as efforts to promote security and the development of the Neighbourhood Policy .
As matters stand , there are quite a few different models for road charges in the European Union , a state of affairs that can bring about a distortion of competition .
We also believe that environmental problems are cross-border in character and that there is thus added value in dealing with these issues at EU level .     The June List welcomes the reform of the EU’s sugar regime and finds it encouraging that this sector is being adapted to the market to a greater degree .
The change to the organisation of the market is , however , necessary and is in the long-term interests of all the parties .
The European Parliament’s rapporteur recommends that significant economic adjustment aid be paid to the ACP countries .
Otherwise , there is a significant risk that the restructuring necessary in the long term will not be implemented to the degree that is to be desired .     The June List believes that the EU should immediately cease concluding fisheries agreements with third countries .
In the longer term , the agreements lead , however , to the depletion of fish stocks and make it difficult for local fishing industries to develop .
The report contains a positive amendment to the effect that the financial contributions should also be used for the development of coastal populations dependent on fisheries for their living ( Amendment 2 ) .
The explanation of vote will thus apply to future matters of a similar kind .     The Swedish Conservatives have today voted in favour of the European Parliament’s joint resolution on the Commission ’s work programme for 2006 .
We are , however , critical of quite a few of the measures proposed in the report , for example the following : – the fact that the rapporteur recommends that consumer awareness be given higher priority in school curricula throughout Europe , this being something we believe should be decided on at national level , and not by the EU ; – the fact that the Commission is to conduct a ‘strategic information and education campaign ’ to prepare consumers for the introduction of the euro in the new Member States ; – the fact that the Commission is to prepare a special strategy for promoting the development of a consumer culture in the new Member States , something that can be implemented independently by individual Member States ; – the fact that consumer organisations are to obtain extensive EU funding , without the report specifying the relevant amounts ; – the fact that the new Member States’ governments are called on to fund the formation of consumer organisations , something that we believe should be decided on at national level .
The June List believes , however , that the EU should not concern itself with aid issues .
For the above-mentioned reasons , we have chosen to abstain from voting on this issue .     The resolution addresses a serious issue ; but what , in this situation , are speculation and loose assertions , and what are facts ?
We think there are not enough facts to enable us to express a definite view one way or the other .
The June List believes that the EU is a union of values and that women and men should be treated entirely equally and have exactly the same opportunities and rights .
The EU Member States have ratified a number of legally binding international agreements based on this principle of equal treatment and non-discrimination .
It is only in more recent years that the EU Member States have seriously begun to deal with the issue of homophobia .
According to Swedish statistics , the average citizen has a 4 % to 6 % risk of being exposed to what is referred to as unprovoked violence .
It is important for us , as politicians , to make it clear that all human beings have equal rights and obligations .
We believe – and I emphasise ‘believe’ – that up to one half of the victims of human trafficking may be children and minors .
Administrative districts and municipalities that receive large groups of tourists must make it clear that they view the trafficking of women and children as unacceptable .
Sport , prostitution and the trafficking of women do not go together .
What is required is for courageous politicians , including EU politicians , to take responsibility for doing so .     Mr President , Mr Mandelson , following the WTO Conference , you pronounced that the outcome needed to be a constructive compromise because most people are dissatisfied .
This is no zero-sum game .
Firstly , there is a noticeable sense of resignation where multilateral negotiations are concerned and a desire to pin one’s hopes on regional and bilateral agreements instead .
I think that that attitude is a recipe for failure .
For Europe , the conference in Hong Kong should be a call to wake up , and not only to the obvious fact that the protectionism