We still need to define , with the necessary clarity , certain concepts which need to be more precise - possibly due to the fact that social reality is almost always a step ahead of legal reality - such as the concept of the worker , so that it includes all real forms of employment , the problems resulting from productive decentralisation or externalisation , the concept of the role of salary or work dependence in relation to economic dependence , and also that of the proper use of the guarantee institution .
The lack of a legislative basis which would make this sector more operative and remove it from the field of unanimous decision-making within the Council will give impetus to this sector , which is in the hands of the large tour operators and completely outside the control of this House .
Mr President , Commissioner , I would firstly like to thank the staff for their excellent work and assistance in drawing up this report , and also those responsible in the Commission for their willingness to help on this matter and , above all , I would like to show my appreciation for the impressive desire for dialogue shown by my fellow members in the Committee on Culture , Youth , Education , the Media and Sport , which has enabled us to draw up this report with several important proposals that have been reached by consensus .
In 1993 it was extended to include the New Independent States such as Armenia , Azerbaijan , Belarus , Georgia , Kazakhstan , Kyrgyzstan , the Republic of Moldova and the Russian Federation , amongst others .
In addition , and this is important , by widening the range of participants beyond the traditional academic community to secure the involvement of political leaders and civil society in general , we shall be encouraging a kind of cooperation in higher education that could play a key role in changing attitudes by affording an opportunity for the young generations to compare their respective values and national cultures .
As well as JEPs , the programme provides grants to teachers and researchers , amongst others , for a variety of complementary activities designed to further the overall objectives of the programme .
However , what I do want to say - and if I may be so bold I would like to say I have some experience in this field - is that young people , especially children , do not usually , or would find it difficult , to forget what they have learnt through playing whilst practising sport .
Mr President , I would like to thank Mrs Pack for her report , and the Commission for the efforts it is making to remove obstacles to strengthening and promoting sport .
They have done so both effectively and speedily , thanks to Commissioner Busquin and the Belgian Presidency , who , with difficulty , were finally able to reach an agreement on the financial package , which , as you will all remember , five years ago was the bone of contention that caused delay in the adoption of the Fifth Framework Programme .
Above all , we shall ensure that this issue allows for the adoption of a framework programme in which the European Scientific Community has placed its hopes .
The specific aspects relating to content have been more fully developed , such as research issues in health sciences , the question of a greater contribution by the GEANT network , scientific and social issues , research and support on environmental issues , for example .
For our part , the Council has totally supported the Presidency 's initiatives - which we are very pleased about - in the series of discussions we have held .
On the other hand , assistance to Members also requires a balance between professional requirements and the immediacy of Members activities , which are very specific and which require punctual and immediate assistance .
I would also add our concern at the French Government 's recent announcement .
It can also accept , in principle , Amendments Nos 8 , 14 , 15 and 18 , after they have been reworded .
This global framework , in accordance with the Conclusions of the Tampere European Council , must be founded on four fundamental premises : the adequate management of migratory flows , the quest for fair treatment of third-country nationals , cooperation with countries of origin and the establishment of a European asylum system .
The Council , following its meeting of 25 April , has achieved a general political orientation on the text of the directive and now we must study the proposals contained in Parliament 's opinion and establish the position of the fifteen States with regard to the contents of the opinion .
Together with this unification , we have also achieved a general approach for the Regulation establishing a uniform model residence permit for third-country nationals .
It is now a question of making progress with the necessary protection and assistance for victims , the fight against illegal contracting by employers , the confiscation of the proceeds from this trafficking and of the means of transport used , and to make it obligatory for transporters to meet the costs of the repatriation of foreigners who do not meet the requirements for legal entry .
Secondly , as our Heads of State and Government requested in Laeken , we have gone ahead with the determination of a list of third countries with which we must negotiate new readmission agreements , setting the general criteria for that determination .
As a follow-up to the meeting of the Council of Justice and Home Affairs Ministers on 28 February , we held a meeting with the candidate countries during which we dealt , amongst other things , with the control of external borders .
So far my speech has focussed on the concrete results achieved