not have a harmonised European system with a high degree of conformity within the sector .
We ask the Commission to fully incorporate these economic and social measures , which are necessary in order to ensure the economic and social cohesion of the regions dependent on fishing .
As the rapporteur said , we must overcome the failure of the current CFP.
Mr President , in our view , we must not forget that greater fleet capacity does not guarantee employment .
Initially , she presented a draft report which seemed to me to be perfectly balanced and which I believe should have served as a basis , with the contribution of all the members of the Committee on Fisheries and with the spirit of Mrs Miguélez , for supplementing what she presented to us .
Furthermore , one has the sensation that sometimes we are asking for nationalisation of controls of Community waters , while at the same time asking for Community controls in third country waters .
Why do I consider the report to be unsatisfactory ?
Mr President , we are debating a new Commission proposal which contains supplementary measures for the recovery of stocks of cod and hake , and which the Socialist Group supports with some reservations , stemming from the scepticism with which the people involved have received it and the lack of agreement amongst the experts .
( ES ) Mr President , we in the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Policy could have spoken jointly on this report and on the report by Mrs Miguélez Ramos , since they are closely related .
This also endangers fishing .
And thirdly , because the political dimension it includes could make a major contribution to removing the obstacles which have largely prevented ACP-EU cooperation from bearing the fruits we expected .
Madam President , I would firstly like to express my satisfaction - as you have just done - with the initiative of the United Kingdom , France and Sweden , which we are considering today .
This is undoubtedly a clear demonstration of the need for initiatives of this type with a view to accelerating and making a genuine contributing to the construction of the European area of justice which we agreed on in Tampere .
The initiative proposes that a certificate by the competent authority should guarantee the legality of the judgement and hence replace examination of the substance of the case .
I would like to insist on both issues , and ask the Council - which is not present today by the way - to take account of the sensitivity and proposals of this House and , in particular , of the Committee on Citizens ' Freedoms and Rights , Justice and Home Affairs , and I therefore believe that the initiative must include the following in the framework decision : A European legal area must be based on the principle of mutual recognition .
I believe that the European Council declarations will strengthen our position , and not only the Barcelona Council but also the Intergovernmental Conference , and it is to be hoped that we can put an end to the imbalance in legal bases which has arisen as a result of this situation .
Baroness Ludford , herself , has tabled some proposals in this regard , which appear to us to be correct , and I believe that , in short , the most important thing that this House could do now is to try to steer the text of the Commission proposal back to a form more along those lines .
In this regard , I would personally like to thank Baroness Ludford for her work .
This resolution includes a series of concerns and recommendations aimed at improving , in practice , the European Union ' s action in the field under discussion , which we hope will be accepted .
It should surprise nobody that workers , via their representatives , should be aware of the situation and development of the undertaking , the decisions which are to be taken and their repercussions and effects for the future , since their existence and , above all , subsistence , are often linked to the undertaking .
It is within this chapter that most of the Union ' s energy expenditure is concentrated .
The third aspect is the obligation for all buildings of an area of greater than 1 000 m2 and which are subject to extensive renovation , to undergo an improvement of their energy efficiency .
Unfortunately , there are two points on which we have not been able to achieve unanimity in the House : firstly , the time limits for application of the directive , where we have opted for a reasonable midpoint between overly extended periods , which would render it ineffective , or overly strict demands , which would make it unviable .
I hope that Mr Vidal-Quadras has taken a favourable view of the opinion of the Environment Committee , since I believe that the points which we have highlighted within it contribute to enriching some of the aspects of his excellent proposal .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , Mr Maystadt , President of the European Investment Bank .
In this respect , the European Investment Fund is turning risk capital into an important Community institution as a complement to the market forces which govern supply and demand .
We only need to remember that , in 2000 , Croatia was included in the CCEE contribution and the special option for the Customs Union with Turkey , and that in November 2001 the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia was included .
Furthermore , you also know that the Court of Auditors already carries out inspections of its activities when they involve European Union funding .
And this debate is probably not going to be treated as a priority interest by the media .
