Now , if the United States cannot agree such pro-environment measures when its economy is prospering to such a great extent , what chance will we have another time , when things may not look so good ?
We would welcome the Commission 's views on how far the Americans are likely to sabotage The Hague Conference , and what we may salvage from the wreck .
If the United States gives strong signals that it will not , ever , ratify Kyoto without the participation of the major developing countries , then what prospect is there that we could put together a coalition of countries that will ratify , and what danger is there that we would then put the European Union at an economic disadvantage ?
We would also like to hear from the Commission a clear timetable of its plans for climate change measures next year .
I realise that this may mean lifting the veil on the 6th Environment Action Programme , but this would be an opportune moment to clarify the broad lines of what we may expect .
Finally , given that we know the causes of climate change , or are fairly clear that we know the causes of climate change , future generations will hardly forgive us for being so slow to deal with it .
Governments are afraid to tax fuel for fear of not being re-elected .
That is human and perhaps unavoidable .
But we could at least devote more resources to developing alternative , renewable energy sources , and to making them into real alternative options soon .
How sad it is that last year we actually cut the European Union fund for renewables , SAVE , to which we now devote a fraction of the money spent on subsidising tobacco .
Future generations will not forgive us for that , and future generations will be right .
Mr President , I am glad to hear that the Commissioner is pressing for eight Members of this House to attend COP6 , but I want to emphasise that we want to play a constructive role in EU strategy making .
We do not want to be squeezed out as Members were who attended the World Health Organisation conference recently .
We see ourselves working together at a set of European institutions fighting to improve the situation and ensure that the Kyoto Protocol is ratified .
Compare , after all , our common agreement with the experience we had just recently at that tele-conferencing session with members of the US Congress , which frankly was a very depressing experience .
The chairman of the Health Science Committee spelt out , from the American point of view , that this was an economic issue , not an environmental one .
That really spells out the differences between the approach of the United States representatives and those of this Parliament .
There was no recognition of the need to make sacrifices or to accept that we have historic responsibilities on both sides of the Atlantic as the largest emitters of greenhouse gases .
For all our good intentions , however , it looks as though in the European Union far from cutting CO2 emissions by the end of this decade we shall end up increasing them .
So the prospects for COP6 look poor , but the prospects of our meeting our goals even with Kyoto do not look that good either .
That is not helped by governments across the European Union responding to calls to cut fuel prices .
If we are serious about the environment , these must be resisted .
We should not be cutting fuel tax .
I say "yes " to emissions trading - let us get on with it .
Let us also hurry up with the measures we need to take in each Member State cutting traffic emissions , increasing energy efficiency , promoting renewables and CHP.
The sad truth is we will not succeed in preventing climate change anyway , but if we do not start taking action now , the problems will become all the worse .
Mr President , the Commission and others have predicted that most Member States will not achieve their targets for limiting greenhouse gas emissions in line with the commitments under the Kyoto Protocol , so it is essential that effective measures are implemented now .
Failure to reach the targets is simply not an option .
One estimate says that 10,000 people have been killed in the past two years because of the effects of climate change , the majority of them in the developing countries .
We need a radical change of direction .
We can , and must , adopt effective and innovative solutions to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and at the same time protect our society and our jobs .
Wales , which is the constituency I represent , is very dependent on manufacturing and heavy industry .
Because the UK is introducing a climate change levy next April , I commissioned research on the effects of this on industry in my own constituency .
The evidence suggests that not only could it keep Britain on track to meet its emissions target , but the levy could actually encourage a small increase in employment .
Several economists have analysed the effects of this on a Europe-wide level , and have come to similar conclusions that there is , or could be , a beneficial effect on employment .
The debate has moved on and we need to look at reducing emissions , not as a threat , but as a challenge and an opportunity .
I hope Parliament 's demands which are set out in the reports before us are acted upon and that governments approach The Hague Conference in a positive way so we can see the Kyoto Protocol ratified in the near future .
Mr President