to say something about Lisbon , about Mr Kok 's report on the quality of work , about China and India , and finally about the amendments .
According to the definition , employment guidelines are , in fact , subordinate to economic guidelines .
Against that background the position adopted in the Kok report , namely that we must achieve better implementation of the agreements in their entirety , is welcome .
I also think that we should look not only to the United States but also to developments in China and India .
The move to sell shares in the state-run rail company Nederlandse Spoorwegen on the stock market appeared to lead to neglect of rolling stock and rail infrastructure , delays and industrial unrest and so has been stopped .
At the European summit last week in Brussels my country was not considered on the issue of appointing a director to the ECB.
The large Member States share out the posts among themselves .
These groups have been able to continue their activities legally under the military regime .
The relevant import duties are levied by Dutch customs and then transferred to Brussels ; in fact , none of this is Dutch money .
That is far better than now restricting expenditure to just 1 % of European GNP .     .
EU funds can be better targeted at development aid to help those lagging behind .
The person first appointed to handle the matter , Commissioner Solbes , is now a Minister in the new Spanish Government .
That is stretching a point to say the least .
If all media become concentrated in the same hands then we will be going back to the days in the past when the media had less reach and often a monopoly was created involving the authorities , a powerful party , the Church or a regional publisher .
I have spent a lot of time working in the Balkans and continue to do so .
So a lot of work remains to be done .
According to Albanian custom , this woman has shamed her family and even today they have the right to kill her .
This makes it very difficult for people to earn a living .
Secondly , I am not the author of this resolution but am actually more opposed to it .
When talking about people-trafficking we often use the terms 'push factor ' and 'pull factor '.
This is a clear pull factor , possibly the most important as far as Cuba is concerned .
Yes indeed , and I refer you to the full-page article in yesterday 's devoted to unceasing internal efforts to bring about peaceful regime change on the island .
This House expects the Council , the Member States of the Union and the Commission to have the same supportive attitude .
Ethical investors are punished because they are the victims of unfair competition .
Hope was strong and sincere .
Thousands dead , many tens of thousands fleeing , hundreds of churches burned , fear .
If the government does not take firm action to deal with the violence , we would be justified in fearing that Nigeria could become the stage for a religious war .
Most of the coordinators of the Committee on Citizens ' Freedoms and Rights , Justice and Home Affairs also share this opinion .
Today , Europe is one , reunited in a voluntary , peaceful and sustainable manner on a footing of equality , parity and solidarity .
The step we are taking on this journey today should also give renewed impetus to the European integration process , because the lack of a truly political European Union will be even more tangible from today .
If the European Union is to play a real role of any significance in the world , it should stop appearing to be a purely economic alliance and grow into political adulthood .
I should like to change this to : ‘We are united peoples’ .
The principles are laid down , but the rest is down to our Member States .
This is the first vote of the new enlarged Parliament , the only democratically elected institution that represents 450 million citizens .
The Commission ought to consider this rather than levelling criticism at MEPs who wish to clarify what happened in the Eurostat scandal .
The person primarily responsible , Commissioner Solbes , has meanwhile become minister in the new Spanish Government .
If the Commission rebuffs Parliament when it performs its primary task of budgetary control , we have no choice but to send it packing .
'It will ' , says the famous Oracle in reply , 'but not during my term in office ' .
However , very recent statements by the Ukrainian Head of State , Mr Leonid Kuchma , that Kiev is currently giving priority to membership of the WTO and NATO rather than to accession to the European Union , should serve to put Mr Elles ' mind at rest .
The enlargement that we have spent the past few days celebrating is a good thing , but it will require effort , certainly in the first years , and not least in the financial field .
Moreover , it would be interesting to know on what legal basis this recognition is founded .
The Ukraine and Belarus have not received any answer , whether ‘yes ’ or ‘no’ .
As I see it – and I am prepared to uphold this view here – the lesson we learnt in Iraq is that we never want Europe to be so divided again .
The Kurds , in particular , are complaining that , despite changes in legislation , they cannot discern any real improvements to the day-to-day situation , and , following a trial that was a mockery of justice , Leyla Zana is once again locked up together with her elected parliamentarian colleagues .
