International Court in The Hague on the legality of the secession of Kosovo .
The resolution does not respect UN Security Council Resolution 1244/99 and even calls on the five Member States of the EU , including Greece , which have not recognised the unilateral independence of Kosovo to do so ; in other words , to violate the UN resolution .
Accession will be to the benefit of euro-unifying and Albanian capital , especially in energy , mining and transport , and of aggressive imperialist EU and NATO plans and to the detriment of the workers , poor farmers and small and medium-sized businesses .
The motion for a resolution calls for the package of capitalist restructurings being imposed by the disreputable , anti-grassroots political system of the bourgeois parties in the country , in cooperation with the EU , to be stepped up and promoted .
The policy of the EU and of the bourgeois powers in Albania in terms of progress towards accession is exacerbating the development problems of the country , the position of the workers , the drain of capital and migratory flows and carries huge risks in terms of security in the area .
They continue to have tragic consequences even once the conflict has ended , because use of these munitions causes multiple civilian injuries and deaths , as unexploded shells which remain in the ground are often discovered by children and other unsuspecting innocent victims .
Twenty thousand jobs a year are lost in the agricultural sector , production is falling , agricultural income fell by 20 % between 2000 and 2008 and 75 % of farms have annual gross profits of between EUR 1 200 and EUR 9 600 .
Mr President , the referendum on constitutional reform in Turkey had a positive outcome , but it is just a small step towards the development of universal personal , political and trade union freedoms .
We welcome the fact that the European Parliament has also used this report to send Turkey a consistent message .
Mr President , Mr Vidal-Quadras , may I congratulate you on an excellent report , which puts our internal market in order .
I have no objection but , this being so , Commissioner , we need a proposal on trade ties based on mutual interests with Russia , formulated in cooperation with Mr Tajani , if we , too , are to tie it down from an economic point of view .
Alternative suppliers exist and I would ask you to give this matter due attention . Τhe Internet has become the most widespread form of distance selling .
Hence , there are significant differences in the penetration rate of distance selling in the Member States .
I voted in plenary in the European Parliament today in favour of the report on the prevention of natural and man-made disasters in the EU.
At the same time , farmers in all the Member States need to be given minimum compensation if they are to be able to restore the damage caused by such disasters .
I believe that this compromise attempts to get round this issue by strengthening the Pharmacovigilance Risk Assessment Committee of the European Medicines Agency and by strengthening the procedure for civilian reports .
Mr President , first , I should like to thank the Commissioner for being here .
All mountain regions and islands are areas in which coordination , at both policy planning level and at programme implementation level , are absolutely vital .
What is lacking , in my opinion , is coordination .
Mr President , as regards the question of the Roma , I do not think that the problem lies in the deportation of the Roma from France .
It is the conditions under which the Roma live that are the problem .
Madam President , I should like to congratulate Mr Leinen and the Commissioner on their briefing .
That is why we absolutely agree with the amendment tabled by Mr Callanan to delete paragraph 17 and I would also note that paragraph 22 puts a financial burden on extraction companies which we should be careful about .
I also voted in favour , because I agree that it is unacceptable for an organisation financed by Europe not to have sound and transparent management of its finances after so many years .
This report finally makes the next step towards eliminating visa requirements for the citizens of Albania and Bosnia and Herzegovina .
We need a new perception of the character and role of the financial system if we are to have European economic policies which foster sustainable growth and , ultimately , address social needs .
The priorities of all the European Funds , including the ESF , need to be revised for the benefit of the citizens and societies of Europe , not to serve the EU 2020 strategy , which follows on from the demonstrably failed Lisbon Strategy .
It makes sense and we need to have activity reports from the heads of the delegations during hearings before the competent parliamentary committee during the procedure of exchange with the Council .
Development aspects of the International Day for the Eradication of Poverty - Role of minimum income in combating poverty and promoting an inclusive society in Europe ( debate ) I voted against the report , which refers to the European External Action Service set up on the basis of the Treaty of Lisbon .
The EU budget for 2011 is designed to underpin the profitability of big business and the savage attack by the monopolies and bourgeois governments on workers ' labour and social rights .
It proves once again that the European Parliament is faithfully serving the needs and interests of the monopolies and is deeply hostile to the workers and grassroots needs .
The working and grassroots class movement needs to step up its fight , so that the workers do not pay the price for the capitalist crisis .
