I shall certainly support the demand that proper waste planning be carried out , with waste being duly sorted , so that we have a situation in which waste incineration is linked to the EU' s combined waste legislation , with the incineration problem correctly placed in the waste hierarchy .
Regarding the very difficult question of defining coincineration plant , including cement factories - in connection with the handling of which there has been some quite aggressive lobbying - I want to say that I think we can support Amendment No 43 , which I think defines the common position well .
I think that defensible levels have been identified in this connection , and a reasonable balance has been struck between incineration plants proper and the combined plants .
It is a balance that I hope will be maintained , including during the vote tomorrow here in the plenary sitting .
Again in contrast to Mrs Grossetête , I want , moreover , to say that the levels set here for emissions are realistic .
The existing plants which do not at present fulfil the requirements are also to be given a good few years in which to be adapted to the new requirements laid down here .
Adoption of the Commission ' s proposal and of Mr Davies 's report will mean a considerable improvement in air quality for Europe 's citizens .
The first is that the WHO ' s guidelines should be adhered to .
The second thing I think is very important is that specific dates should be set , both for when in 2010 we are to achieve the provisional targets and for when in 2020 we are to attain the long-term objectives .
In addition , I should like to make a couple of remarks on the amendments inspired by the Committee on Industry , External Trade , Research and Energy and which are intended to weaken the Commission ' s initiative by allowing much greater exceedances of the WHO 's recommendations and by significantly delaying efforts to achieve the targets set by the WHO .
The amendments would not only impair the Commission ' s proposal but also constitute a deterioration and retrograde step in relation to the situation of which we are now , in fact , aware in Europe .
As Mr Davies also mentioned , standards are , in actual fact , lower than those in the United States .
I think they are completely incomprehensible and irresponsible .
I would therefore very much recommend that we support the Commission ' s proposal , together with Mr Davies ' report .
- ( DA ) Mr President , I completely support the Council ' s statement to the effect that the Geneva Conventions have been a very important stage in the development of humanitarian legislation .
Allow me to take this opportunity to express my full recognition of the major humanitarian work which the International Red Cross and other humanitarian organisations carry out in regard both to spreading knowledge of the humanitarian principles as expressed in the Geneva Conventions and to providing aid to war victims throughout the world .
First of all , there is a gulf between the principles and their observance and , secondly , there are crucial states of affairs which are not covered by the conventions .
That is essentially the reverse of the situation during the First World War .
The widening gulf between principles and practice is due , in my opinion , to the fact that the character of wars has changed during the last 50 years .
More and more wars are fought under conditions of anarchy in which there are no stable structures and in which the areas hit by war are not controlled by any government .
In these situations , humanitarian aid to victims is naturally unwelcome , and this leaves the world in a terrible dilemma .
Even though the Geneva Conventions contain provisions concerning the right to provide humanitarian aid in crisis situations , it is also laid down that this right requires the consent of the government in the country concerned .
The principle of humanitarian access or the international community ' s right to protect , and provide aid to , those in distress if a State is unable - or unwilling - to do so itself is not , therefore , being universally applied .
It was precisely this question of providing normal access to humanitarian organisations that was the focal point of my visit to Chechnya at the beginning of February .
I believe we have two options which are not mutually exclusive .
The other option is to ensure that the humanitarian principles established in the Geneva Conventions are in actual fact observed , for example , by improving the mechanisms for enforcing them .
The first option - that of reconsidering the content of the conventions in order to close all the loopholes - is a complicated and risky option : complicated because the way in which war is conducted is constantly changing , and risky because the possibility cannot be excluded that , as a result of opening the conventions to renegotiation , no new agreement might be reached .
But allow me to say clearly that I am wholeheartedly in favour of establishing the principle of humanitarian access in all situations and of reinforcing the right of those in distress to receive humanitarian aid .
The obligation upon States to proceed against war criminals is established in the Geneva Conventions , but that is clearly not enough .
This demand has also been put forward here today .
They are universal , that is to say indivisible and independent of countries and parties .
They provide protection against injustice and discrimination .
We are to build upon firm ground when we talk of human rights , and we should therefore especially build upon those