' struggle against the commercialisation and privatisation of health .
We need a single Community policy and new institutional and economic governance to restore the basic balance of the economy in the eurozone .
Europe has a unique and historic opportunity and it must put forward its new economic and social development model , as it had started to do through policies on climate change , energy security , social stability and a sustainable economy .
When the economic crisis has run its course , it should find the EU much stronger at political and institutional level , more social and leading the way on policy on climate change .
This savage attack is complemented by the European agreement on immigration and asylum which raises inhumane barriers to immigrants in the EU while , at the same time , ensuring monopolies can meet their need for cheap manpower .
The Member States are required to ban any obstacle to their incorporation and business and to safeguard their right to a fee for their 'services' , in other words , the ransom for their slave trade .
The alleged protection of workers ' rights proves to be protection for the slave-trading companies , legitimisation of the unaccountability of capital and savage exploitation of the working class .
This is precisely what the proposed directive does , by requiring the operational cost of energy consumption , CO2 emissions and pollutants throughout the lifetime of the vehicle to be included in the criteria for public procurement of vehicles , thereby insultingly using public money to subsidise the manufacture of cleaner vehicles by the automotive industry .
The purpose of timeshares and the new products being promoted within these frameworks is to exploit perpetual cutbacks in holiday time , shrinking incomes and workers ' efforts to secure cheaper holidays in the long term , creating turnover which exceeds EUR 11 billion .
The cooling off period , which is limited to 10 days and carries a fine in the order of 3 % of the total amount , does not resolve the problem .
It is , however , precisely this legislation that crudely infringes all forms of personal data protection and introduces general personal records and the collection and exchange of the most sensitive personal data between the repressive mechanisms of the Member States and even the secret services of third countries .
I , like the European left , support full recognition of the fundamental rights of the workers .
The right of trade union action must not be jeopardised .
It attempts to persuade workers that it is allegedly possible through the EU for there to be a 'balance ' between the rights of workers and the right of movement of capital , in order to take advantage of every opportunity for greater exploitation of the working and grassroots classes , thereby safeguarding and increasing the profits of the monopolies .
I voted against the report by Capoulas Santos on the new support scheme for farmers under the Common Agricultural Policy , because I consider that the sustainability of agriculture cannot be safeguarded at European level .
However , the crisis management system proposed by the Commission falls short .
At the same time , they are paving the way for an all-out attack in 2013 on small - and medium-sized enterprises , which have already been weakened .
Big business is exerting pressure for greater and faster reform of the CAP and for it to be adapted to the rules of the WTO , so that the multinationals can garner even more land , consolidate their sovereignty in the production and marketing of food and strengthen their position in international competition .
We are radically opposed to the proposed regulations , which reveal the anti-rural character of the CAP.
We believe that these funds will end up in the pockets of the multinational companies in control of the development programmes .
European Works Councils and corporate responsibility are vehicles for consolidating social partnership and directing the labour movement .
This proposal demonstrates once again the true warmongering nature of the EU and the need to break with its policy and its anti-grassroots structure as a whole and to keep fighting to establish grassroots power , so that our country can decide on the type and sources of its weapons solely in keeping with its real defence needs and not on the basis of the aggressive plans of the EU and NATO and the interests of the large European and American arms industries .
It also retains the gradual adoption of full auctioning .
The compromise proposal absolutely safeguards environmental integrity and the objective of protection and addresses the concerns and fears of industry by guaranteeing certainty on a long-term basis and incorporating special provisions for those industries in danger of relocating due to the fact that there is no international agreement restricting emissions of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases .
I must again stress that the environmental objective of reducing emissions of carbon dioxide in the European Union by 20 % by 2020 will be achieved with the package and , of course , this decision will help to achieve our target .
Specifically as regards the decision , the national targets provided for in the proposal for the Member States have been retained as proposed by the Commission .
The compromise agreement on effort sharing is balanced .
I therefore call on you all to vote in favour of the agreement .
On the question of financing , which was a particular concern of the European Parliament , as Chris Davis said , up to 300 million emission allowances will be made available from the New Entrant Reserve on the basis of the Emissions Trading Directive in order to develop innovative carbon dioxide capture and storage technologies and for innovative renewable sources of energy