study grants should not be differentiated according to the country of residence of the students or the country which they visit under the project .
Just as we have a single currency , we could also have a single URL.
Taxes are one thing and pension contributions are another .
The rapporteur himself raises this concern too , for if there is any question to be posed in that regard it is whether a mere four categories are sufficient to provide all the elements necessary to achieve the complex figure we want .
However , it is some consolation to think that social partners already have the results of the aforementioned analyses available for their practical studies .
Why is this matter the subject of so much debate , particularly in this important Chamber where it is usual for a great many people to listen to me , as you can see , including Mr Dell ' Utri and Mr Fiori , who , as always , are among those who are listening most carefully to my explanations of vote ?
What does this mean ?
I therefore call upon the European Union to do more for the inhabitants of the southern Caucasus who feel European .
I voted for the report .
Tomorrow morning , tell them what I have said in your explanation of vote . '
I will therefore always persist in calling for more funds to be spent on improving the culture of the European citizens .
It is imperative that we do something and I am sure that Commissioner Reding , who is listening to me even though she is not here - I am sure she is in her office watching the monitor and will hear why I voted for the motion - will investigate the matter and ensure that , in future , no young person from the candidate countries who applies to enter our European Union will be refused a visa for this purpose or have its issue delayed .
I would point out that , for the first time , the September Parliamentary part-session is going to coincide with the Council of Europe meeting and , as a result , many of the Members have already been refused hotel accommodation .
This rapprochement , this loss of confidence in one-dimensional , pre-established solutions - and I would like to say here to Mr Watson that we Greens are not blinkered but are in favour of innovation - should be a major opportunity for an initiative from the European Parliament and the European Union in general .
It is very sad that we will not be going to Monterrey with a unified European Union position , and we are concerned - and displeased - by the failure to improve on the probable 0.4 % of GDP in development aid .
It is a very complex subject which it would be impossible to analyse here , but I would like to focus on what is , in my opinion , the most interesting aspect .
I feel that , after the collapse of the socialist model in Eastern Europe , we are witnessing the beginning of another collapse , the collapse of unbridled neo-capitalism - which does not take account of the new factors troubling modern society .
Mr President , Commissioner , for several hundred million people , the world is still a very unpleasant place to be , full of woe , hunger and unspeakable suffering .
I would remind you and all the Members , however , that , for products such as rice and bananas - to put it plainly - the barriers will not be removed until 2004 and 2009 respectively .
These countries need fresh investment , just as they need legal infrastructures , the legal infrastructures of the rule of law ; this was pointed out in an excellent book by Hernando De Soto , a South American economist who explains that the greatest problem of the poor and developing countries is that their assets are dead capital : capital which is prevented by the absence of the rule of law from being used for the welfare of the people , economic growth , development or , where desired , redistribution of wealth .
Apart from anything else , it is surprising that no United States congressman attended the forum .
Mr President , as well as congratulating the rapporteur on his excellent work now and , particularly , at first reading , we must congratulate the European institutions in general , who have succeeded in doing a good job on this issue .
Henceforth , the path we must take is clear : we expect you all to follow it with due care and commitment .
It would also appear that the Commission is rather behind schedule in proposing to regulate access , pursuant to Article 11 of the old directive , and this delay must be made good without upsetting the balances achieved between operators on the basis of mutual commitments so that private individuals can enjoy the benefits without having to bear the burdens .
Only two points were not fixed by the regulation and are still to be settled : the remuneration to be paid to the Supervisor and his Assistant , and where the office will be located .
Both are in opposition , however , to the authoritarian , bureaucratic culture which , on the one hand , fails to respect the privacy of individual citizens , and , on the other , has the gall to keep the administrative procedures and activities of public bodies confidential .
Clearly , there is something wrong !
However , I would like to draw your attention to and focus on a different matter .
In my opinion , the expression 'politically neutral ' would certainly have been much more acceptable .
