Unemployment is unfortunately too high in Europe , but we do in fact have documentary evidence that a coordinated employment policy produces far more jobs than is the case when an individual country pursues its own policy without taking account of what is happening in neighbouring countries .
This is to take place through , for example , analyses , statistics , reports , information activities and evaluations .
I think that the outcome of the conciliation is commendable in many ways .
It is important that employment policy not only be something that is conducted in offices and in more or less secret meetings of the Council of Ministers .
Moreover , information must be provided about what is happening in terms of employment policy .
That is why it is also so incredibly encouraging that the local dimension of employment policy has successfully been given a still more prominent place .
The same is true of the two sides of industry and of voluntary organisations .
The practical work involved in getting people into jobs is done locally , and that is why local players must be involved in employment policy .
One of the routes to a more effective employment policy involves disseminating good experiences of employment policy to everyone who does practical work on getting people into jobs .
It is also important , therefore , that we should obtain thorough evaluations of the results and methods of employment policy .
Only by having access to such evaluations can we become still more effective , and I am therefore very satisfied that agreement has been achieved on increasing the budget - by a modest amount , admittedly , but nonetheless to EUR 55 million in place of the original amount of EUR 50 million .
That is something encouraging , I think , precisely because we have reached a phase in which we are to point out and demonstrate to people that employment policy does in fact work and that the open coordination method has something specific to offer .
I think that everyone who is concerned to secure a better working environment for European workers has reason to be satisfied .
As far as I know , this is the very first time that genuinely binding rules have been laid down governing the shocks or vibrations to which workers are exposed in the course of their employment .
We have had a lively discussion as to whether the scientific basis was in order .
By means of this directive , we have , however , achieved recognition that vibrations - both hand and arm vibrations and whole body vibrations - constitute a health risk .
It is also gratifying that everyone - the Commission , the Council and Parliament - have agreed upon a method of limiting vibrations and other physical agents .
The method involves introducing both action values and limit values that should never be exceeded .
In the light of the fact that we are concerned here with a completely new area within legislation governing the working environment , I believe that the conciliation achieved is really good , and I should like to say that directly to Mr Herman Schmid and the Confederal Group of the European United Left/Nordic Green Left because the conciliation strikes a reasonable balance between commercial considerations and worker protection .
It is not something we knew all along that we would obtain , but all European countries are now obliged to take the problem of shocks and vibrations completely seriously .
When the directive has been in force for a certain amount of time , we must see whether , on the occasion of a future revision , we can reduce the limit value further .
That , I think , is a very important victory , since the action value is a very crucial figure .
Well , it is because it in actual fact entails a duty on the part of employers to take the problem of vibrations seriously and to actively prevent workers from being exposed to powerful vibrations .
It is precisely this method which , on the one hand , provides flexibility and , on the other hand , attaches a very great deal of importance to prevention in preference to actual orders and bans .
I also think that the conciliation creates a good framework for a sensible implementation of the provisions of the directive .
The reports , which are to be implemented at the same time as the directive is implemented , must also contain examples of good practice .
In that way , good experiences in one Member State can contribute to other countries ' learning something from these .
Transition periods will of course be required to ensure that industry is given time to adjust to these new provisions , but the Council 's common position contained a number of transition periods which were a little too long , and this matter too has also been successfully straightened out .
That is a long time , but it means that we shall be quite certain that these businesses too are able to adjust to the new provisions .
It is difficult for ordinary people who are not involved with the EU on a daily basis to understand that it takes such a long time to prepare a directive .
Can it be right that it should take us more than ten years to complete the negotiations for putting a directive in place ?
I would therefore once again urge the Commission to table proposals for directives on the two physical agents for which there are still no directives , namely electromagnetic fields and optical radiation .
The cooperation has been very constructive , and we have in actual fact ended up with a result that we can all be proud of .
Mr President , Commissioner ,