I would urge that this report should not be referred back to committee .
The rapporteur makes some extremely important points about this .
It is very important that the Commission come forward at this particular time with a communication on resources .
Mr President , the oral questions about the uncontrolled waves of migrants from Mediterranean countries are primarily an expression of our concern for human beings who are seeking a better life , fleeing civil war or natural disasters and driven away by violence and oppression .
This cannot go on .
We need to focus our development aid as far as possible on those countries and conclude agreements not just to rule out further migration , but to leave the door open for both illegal and legal immigrants already in Europe to return home .
I have talked to colleagues who know Hong Kong better than I do , and they are extremely uneasy .
In practical terms one must acknowledge that in the Hong Kong situation , overall , the development of - albeit a limited - democracy has been scrupulously observed .
I hope that the Commission will say that it will take an initiative on this point .
When we talk about environmental health problems in my country we are mainly thinking of air pollution , such as near incinerators .
I feel that the Commission document is more in tune with the limited opportunities open to consumer policy at European level .
Strong consumer representation improves the operation of the market , while statutory regulations simply disrupt it .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I should firstly like to thank the rapporteur for the exceptionally constructive and enjoyable manner in which we were able to cooperate .
If these contracts are not correctly drawn up , then we could find ourselves involved in a lot of discussion about money , as this is what is ultimately at stake .
I believe that if we include a number of proposals of this kind in the contracts for the fifth framework programme it will prove all the more effective and efficient .
My group fully supports this amendment , and I will shortly be returning to this point myself in my report on innovation in SMEs .
This applies to contracts and it also applies to the Commission .
I believe that this energy framework programme satisfies a major desire on the part of the Council and the European Parliament .
I therefore believe that we must ensure that energy policy plays a more prominent role and that subsequently a contribution can also be made to achieving the Kyoto objectives .
ETAP is clearly very important as it provides the information needed in order to implement a long-term energy policy .
That would be to engage in national coalition politics , and we must not use the European Parliament for that purpose .
This conflicts with the Union 's undertakings at Kyoto .
It is a good thing that the proposed framework programme will actively monitor developments , including analyses and forecasts .
But the death of Semira also confronts the European Union with its responsibilities .
Europe does not need to wait for the world to review the Geneva Convention .
The Member States and the Union itself certainly have the right and the obligation to decide on the residence rights of refugees .
I believe there are two elements , two lines of approach , which must be stressed : asylum and immigration policy must be founded on the best possible organisation of authorised immigration and the granting of protection to those in danger or in need of protection .
Since 1990 , this has been the case for 100 000 people , but that does not seem to be a problem .
The Commission and the Council owe it to the Slovak people , Madam President , to recognise the changed political circumstances .
We hope that not only the incoming government but also the political parties which are now negotiating will clearly understand that this programme of political reforms is also very important to the European Union , because over the past year the European Parliament , the Commission and the Council have all stressed the need for a number of these reforms .
The Council would then be able to decide under the German Presidency whether or not to include Slovakia in the first group .
Prime Minister Meciar 's party suffered heavy losses at the elections to the National Council at the end of September , giving the Slovak opposition the unique opportunity to put right much of what had gone wrong under Meciar .
Although the election victory gives the opposition political power , economic power is still largely in the hands of Meciar and friends .
This is why the opposition must cancel many of the political appointments , look at the legality of the privatisation , and regain the trust of the international community .
Mr President , the recent events in Malaysia , and more particularly the tribulations of former Deputy Prime Minister Anwar Ibrahim , provide further evidence of the fact that authoritarian and undemocratic regimes ultimately devour their own children .
That is why we are very concerned that these two individuals who have now received the death sentence may in fact be killed .
Someone even told me that smaller stones are now being used and no longer the large rocks .
But if I may , during the one minute 's speaking time allotted to me , I should like to point out that this subject has been on Parliament 's agenda at least five times in the past two years , and regrettably nothing at all has been done to improve her situation .
We should like to draw the Commissioner 's attention to this , and ask the Commissioner