the basis of the 1967 borders is and remains the only way to a satisfactory solution ' .
Giving assistance to people in distress is a duty and not a choice , but they were left to die .
Let me come back to one of the issues raised , although I agree that this has somewhat overshadowed the very important elements in this piece of legislation .
We think that , if competition is to be required to be free and undistorted , one must also be bold enough to take a look at these sectors in the same way as the Commission has sometimes done with actors of equally considerable weight .
The most recent being an appeal by more than 100 Members of the European Parliament to put an end to a policy that , through government boycotts and the withdrawal of direct aid , nurtures the despair of a nation on the point of imploding .
Our governance strategy is focused on results and on offering incentives for reform to those countries that are engaged in appropriate and credible reforms of governance based on sound political will .
On this point , I should like , therefore , to make a few observations - and , indeed , express a few reservations - regarding the detail of the message contained in the report .
Those are just a few remarks .
First of all , on the question of HIV/AIDS , let me say that the two main channels for the provision of financial assistance by the European Community for the fight against HIV/AIDS are support given to countries to improve their health-care provision , particularly in Africa , and the allocation of funds under thematic budget headings .
Consequently , the economic partnership agreements as we envisage them , as we perceive them and as we are implementing them are , strictly speaking , development policy agreements .
I may add that , in my view , there is a risk that challenging these rules would trigger a discussion on the eligibility of other financial contributions which , as far as I am concerned , have nothing to do with development policies .
We have carried out joint analyses in connection with the preparation of country strategy papers , and we have proposed joint programming .
Avoiding those countries would be discourteous and would paint a distorted picture of the activity of ACP countries .
At the first session , we had a common resolution on Darfur adopted in Vienna , whereas in Bridgetown a separate vote was requested ; this blocked the resolution , because our ACP counterparts did not adopt it .
I agree with her there , needless to say .
We have only just started .
I find the idea very appealing , and I am trying to see how we could contribute to such a scheme through the European Development Fund .
I completely understand that there are different cultural and legal traditions in our Member States , but the fight against racism must not be the subject of any compromise .
However , we have shown the people of Europe and our partners that when Europe is united , it has a real ability to influence and to lead .
The agreement reached by the German Presidency in a joint effort is a good agreement that we will support .
The first , imminent , test will be the fate in store for the draft directive on the opening up to competition of all postal services .
I would like , moreover , Commissioner , the Commission to commit itself rapidly , with you , to a process of modernisation and development of intermodal infrastructures , mainly on the international corridors of Road Transport Telematics (RTT) , through a European Rail Traffic Management System ( ERTMS ) equipment system and allowing a genuine junction with the port infrastructures on the one hand and river infrastructures on the other .
Faced with international crime , terrorist cells , the complexity of the networks and the sophistication of the methods used , not least regarding migration , we are in danger of being caught up and we have a duty to act immediately .
We will support you when it comes to defending the values of peace and solidarity , courage and responsibility .
The truth is that , in the beginning , an economy develops only within a protective framework , which is true for the major partners of the world market that , today , are Japan and China .
Notwithstanding the impact of high and volatile oil prices , real GDP rose by 2.9 % compared with 1.5 % in 2005 .
As regards fiscal policies , the ECB shares the view expressed in the draft resolution that fiscal consolidation is key and all the more necessary in good times in order to achieve long-term growth .
The report contains a number of recommendations addressed to supervisors , hedge-fund counterparties and investors , and the hedge-fund industry itself , which I fully share .
Finally , we can be pleased with the consensus that the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs has been able to reach on the need to invest huge sums in research , education and training .
It is the responsibility of the Council to set exchange-rate policy .
The blockade on the Gaza Strip , which creates conditions conducive to an explosion in violence and which has been followed by a show of strength by Hamas , must be lifted .
The fact is , if we want to help regions in difficulty , it is not enough to say 'there are European funds ' , it also requires the Member States to assume their responsibilities .
That it is good to be humanitarian and to deal with the effects , but that it is better to be preventive and to avert the causes ?
