must not be an obstacle to the interoperability of different technologies and must therefore , if nothing else , be technologically neutral and non-discriminatory .
Finally , Mr President , convergence is not an aim in itself .
The answer is often technology-independent regulation , but I should like to ask the Commissioner if he could name any cases where technology-dependent regulation exists .
It is very important that the business community is now busy with this in the context of the Internet manual .
That is a luxury .
In practice , the US helps provide liquidity in the world trade system , even if largely at the expense of the rest of the world , the so-called seignorage which comes with issuing the global currency .
With a more expensive euro , our trading partners in the second and third world can more easily export themselves out of misery , just as Europe recently did by virtue of the high dollar .
We must also earn it , and have the courage to assume our global responsibilities .
In this respect , the resolution we have before us supports the proposed policy .
The euro 's external value is the result of monetary policy .
I agree .
Until that time German marks , French francs and so on can be used .
He is not yet able to use them .
Each directive seeks to address an area which is not as yet regulated and which is harmful to health .
I think he has managed to secure some good compromises here .
Those kinds of problems have to be solved under our system by the directives themselves .
The problem is that the reality falls far short of the ideal .
Not for nothing did the Council ask the Commission in May 1996 for a study of the matter and for proposals to improve the system .
An early warning system , whereby the importer is alerted early on to possible irregularities , may be useful too .
Our starting-point has to be that the risks must not be borne by the importer alone .
I hope that the rapporteur , Mr Nordmann , will incorporate these crucial amendments into his resolution , which is an excellent one .
I should like to make some comments which are rather more political , on this proposal and on Mr Nordmann 's report .
When we then find that massive frauds are perpetrated on the system in the developing countries , we have to ask ourselves what is the point of such a complicated system and what is the need for it .
It is hypocrisy , it is a cheap trick , and as we know the European Commission can do little about it .
The Court of Auditors ' report indicates that this is no longer acceptable .
The only guarantee we have is if you , ladies and gentlemen , agree to vote on the fifth paragraph first and approve it .
The Spanish judges who are seeking to right this wrong , which also affected Spanish citizens , deserve our support , and Prime Minister Aznar 's announcement that he will react positively if the Spanish judges apply for extradition also deserves our support and respect .
In my opinion Pinochet belongs in prison , as do many violent left-wing military dictators .
Pinochet must be prosecuted for crimes against humanity , and human rights , as Mrs Maij-Weggen said , are universal , even in Latin America .
Madam President , anyone listening to the debate here between the supporters and opponents of nuclear energy would certainly think that there will never be agreement between them .
Financial arguments are bound to be raised , because despite all the warnings , the cost of decommissioning has never actually been included in the price of the power stations or the electricity .
But as democratic nationalists and regionalists , we would stress that we are preparing for a future without nuclear power stations and we are therefore also against recycling , because it is still not a real solution to the problem of highly radioactive waste .
Because of the huge range of differences inside and outside the Union , it is not feasible to harmonise decommissioning , and the responsibility therefore falls to the Member States and the power station operators .
The Commission report indicates that the scheme is facing a number of teething problems .
The Union must be able to prove that the subsidies bring advantages for the environment , so that they can stay in the 'green box ' .
The aid benefits farmers making an extra effort to help the environment and nature , but it is also a matter of agricultural policy in that it is also about the fairly widespread use of extensive farming methods .
I think that it is extremely important for the agricultural sector itself to do everything it can to ensure that the agriculture budget is spent correctly , because when we talk about irregularities and fraud in the farming sector it is not primarily the farmers or growers who are responsible , but other areas of agriculture .
I cannot agree with this approach .
Firstly , and most importantly , because of what the report says about the 'outstanding ' EAGGF appropriations .
According to the rapporteur , the current agricultural system is socially unbalanced because 80 % of the support goes to only 20 % of the farmers .
This gives the impression that the aim of the agricultural policy is to give all farmers equal support , but this is not how it is intended .
We all know that libraries have changed : they are no longer just places where books are stored , they have become information centres with Internet connections for the public , and they are becoming the focus of the learning society in which we will all soon be living .
