not mean that we can hush up or lessen the decisive responsibility of the new Israeli government .
The European Union has an economic , financial and humanitarian presence in the Middle East which is far greater than its political effectiveness or visibility .
That is why we agree with the joint motion for a resolution proposed by the Commission so that we should take greater action and show more obvious political will in the promotion of the use , above all , of biomass as an energy source , because this could help to lessen emissions of CO2 and also because , by extension , it could also mean that we make greater use of arable land which is not currently used for food production or which is completely abandoned .
However , I think that we should go beyond mere words of solidarity .
In conjunction with the municipal and government authorities , it should make available financial and any other resources considered necessary and appropriate .
Therefore , without looking back to the past but looking to the future , and beyond the tribute which the European Parliament is paying to the people of Lisbon , out of solidarity with the tragedy which the people of Lisbon suffered by approving this resolution , as it will no doubt do , what is important is that it should remain clear through this act that the European Union should find full justification , within the framework of traditional support , for calling upon the Commission to give its financial , even token , but financial nonetheless , backing to help to rebuild this part of our common and European heritage .
I just wish to say that the fire which has ravaged the City Hall building in the historic part of Lisbon and the recent ( a few hours ago ) similar catastrophe which affected the Court of Justice in Rouen , coincidentally two major European cities in historic terms , has once again alerted us to the need for a preventive policy , which is both integrated and efficient , for defending our cultural and historical heritage , especially that which is located in historic centres of old cities .
Once you have the right climate , the right kind of property structure and , in the short term , a highly operational airport , you then have all the right conditions for promoting floriculture .
Mr President , my first words must be to repudiate those uttered by the previous Member since he does not really see the importance of ultra-peripheral regions and their respective floricultural activity ( or other farming activities ) , which need to be protected because this is a market which is suffering very much from the costs of isolation and this must be taken into account by the Community institutions .
We have to show our support for the Filippi report which considerably improves the proposal for a regulation not only because it suggests a greater European Union contribution as of 1997 , to support actions aimed at increasing the consumption of house plants and other Community floriculture products but also because it will make it possible for a single Member State to present and implement measures and activities aimed at developing this consumption and to receive help from the rest of the Community .
The fighting in Kivu has severe repercussions on Burundi where fighting and human rights violations have intensified in various parts of the country and Tanzania which is now hosting the largest refugee population in the Great Lakes region .
We have to acknowledge that we are facing an intricate set of problems with military , political and socio-economic aspects .
It is still unclear what the role of a multinational force could be in this respect since the military situation has become much more complicated .
This conference should be convened as soon as the main obstacles are overcome , that is to say when all countries agree to a multiple process of conflict management and subscribe to a number of principles which are essential to achieve lasting peace in the Great Lakes regions .
Unfortunately this has not yet been solved at UN security level , nor has it been solved at Council level in the European Union .
We cannot ask our NGOs to go to places where the military say they will not be safe .
I hope everyone will then take up his responsibilities .
With regard to arms deliveries , there has been some movement on the UN side .
Regarding the monitoring of returnees , a team from DG VIII were assessing the situation in Rwanda last week so that immediate assistance can be provided , namely shelter and help in sorting out some problems caused by the influx .
I put it to you that things are not easy at the border between Burundi and Tanzania and unless the international community acts quickly we might witness there something of a repetition of what occurred at the Zairean/Rwandan border .
Despite minor incidents , the global picture is very encouraging .
The Council does not have the power to decide but it has the power to approve declarations and to put pressure on those who have to decide .
As to the peace conference , it should be convened as soon as possible .
He is one of the few interlocutors whom everybody will talk to .
The problem is that security was so bad that the observers had to leave the area .
The two conflicting sides have to agree to sit around the table .
This is a most pertinent question .
This is one of the topics which the Commission assessment mission in Rwanda last week had as its mandate