Mr President , I believe that the rapporteur clearly explained the amendments approved in the Committee on Research , Technological Development and Energy and I shall therefore not go over them again .
Mr President , Commissioner , I , too , would like to thank the three rapporteurs for their work on a programme that , although modest in financial terms , is of the utmost importance .
All environmental problems , or at least 80 % of the major problems , are in some way linked to energy .
Apart from the United Kingdom , and the Netherlands to some extent , because it has gas , and , of course , Norway , the other countries have scant resources .
I am convinced that not only the fifth framework programme - I am rapporteur for the specific programme entitled 'Energy and the Environment ' -, but all of the energy-related programmes , together with the means you will have at your disposal in the future , will help solve these problems .
This is especially important in relation to other European countries that are heavily dependent on coal , countries whose entire coal industry needs substantial modernisation and to be adapted to the environmental requirements we have laid down .
It would therefore be a great shame to lose this scientific aquis , particularly concerning issues relating to the clean and efficient use of coal , because Europe 's technological level , which I believe to be so important , is on a par with , and in certain areas even above , the situation of the international market .
Everyone will remember that Amnesty International has repeatedly denounced this method but , unfortunately , the issue was ignored .
From a more general point of view , I find it worrying that the European Union is implementing a policy that massively restricts the influx of immigrants , and that gives the impression of a fortress - as we already said yesterday in a similar debate - behind the measures that are adopted .
They will surely constitute a decisive step towards establishing in that country a democratic system and the rule of law worthy of such names .
I therefore believe that it should be very important for the European institutions to exert considerable pressure , in this case , on the Bangladeshi Government to prevent fanatics from killing a woman who has defended human rights in general , and the rights of women in particular .
What can the European Union do in relation to this matter ?
In other words , we believe that the United Nations should be more democratic .
Commissioner , you have just reported to us on the steps the Commission has taken to resolve this desperate pigmeat crisis .
So intervention buying can take place .
The victims of this crisis will be small and medium-sized farms .
My colleagues in the committee are right to call for exceptional efforts in the face of increasingly ineffective measures .
In view of this , we think it is vital for the future of Objective 2 for the Commission to make the selection criteria more objective .
I am going to take this opportunity , on behalf of the European Parliament - which has drafted numerous resolutions on the subject -, to welcome the fact that the bloody dictator Augusto Pinochet is today awaiting trial in London and that we will have the opportunity to hold him accountable for having violated human rights , for having submerged Chilean democracy in blood and for having caused the death of President Allende .
Although more than 40 European citizens were assassinated by the Chilean dictatorship , no legal proceedings have so far been instituted against it .
I think we should go a little further than what we are doing at present , and I believe that this is possible ; budgets should leave room for politics and , in this case , for solidarity .
When the vehicle exploded , a huge tongue of fire leapt an immense distance at high speed , burning everything in its path , including people , animals , plants , buildings , etcetera .
And it is a matter of systematic non-compliance with Community law because the directive not only suggests that a selection should be made of vulnerable areas for the application of good agricultural practices , but it also provides for two action plans , the first to end next year and the other in 2003 .
Mr President , in principle we can fully support the motion for a resolution in Ms McKenna 's report .
We should therefore analyse our own resolution , and this is not a specific criticism of a draft , but perhaps rather of the work that we do .
That is the first point that should be clarified .
We must remember that there are also many chemical substances that are very beneficial .
In line with the agreement the Member States have signed , I wish to join with him in expressing the need for rapid and immediate action plans that Parliament is informed of .
However , the most important part of the entire communication is the general warning that nobody in a position of political responsibility can consider themselves exempt from this general concern .
So I think we should let the court do its work and only indulge in political interpretations once the court has made its decision .
Therefore , this Parliament must immediately give its opinion on the issue .
Like all the parliamentary groups , we believe that this prize actually bestows more prestige on the Nobel Prize than it does on John Hume .
He argued very clearly in favour of placing the humanitarian aid in the reserve in view of the Commission 's refusal to let Parliament have the UCLAF information and that concerning the financial control of the so-called 'serious irregularities ' in