We consider that the time is ripe for such an evaluation and that the European Parliament ought to have written this into its resolution and in that way shown its desire to provide the principle of subsidiarity with more explicit content for citizens in the EU' s Member States .
- ( SV ) We consider that the report concerning the preparations in anticipation of the next Intergovernmental Conference is a welcome initiative by the European Parliament .
Section 14 ( on the revision of the Treaties ) : We consider that unanimity shall prevail when the Treaties are revised in accordance with section 13 a .
Section 17 ( last part ) : We consider that unanimity shall apply not only in the constitutional part but also , for example , in the case of foreign and security policy .
The EU has neutral and non-aligned States among its Member States .
This demonstrates that the EU is , in the first place , a political , social and economic project , including when it comes to conflict and crisis management .
It is the Member States ' parliaments which are to decide whether its results are to be approved .
The last election to the European Parliament , in particular , showed that EU citizens are some distance away from sharing many Members of the European Parliament ' s ideas about a federal EU.
I also oppose the demands for common military defence , especially in sections 26 and 27 which require a "binding timetable " for a common defence and security policy which is to guarantee the EU' s external borders .
I consider that it should only be possible to revise the EU' s statute through a unanimous decision in the Council of Ministers .
- ( SV ) We should like to emphasise that introducing a system for comparing asylum seekers ' fingerprints is not in itself a guarantee of achieving the humane and generous asylum policy we are aiming for and which would mean that Member States showed solidarity in giving asylum seekers the right to sanctuary .
These changes will mean that it will not be possible for minors to be subjected to registration and that the right to personal integrity will be strengthened .
To have nuclear weapons ready for immediate firing is a very dangerous situation , mainly because nuclear weapons can be released by mistake .
The risk of nuclear war by mistake was one of the reasons for the Canberra Commission ' s proposal that no nuclear weapons should any longer be held in readiness for firing .
This view was promoted in particular by the man formerly responsible for the United States ' strategic nuclear weapons , General Lee Butler , who himself literally had his finger on the nuclear button for many years .
These two demands ought to be put into effect immediately .
Because of these serious defects in its early warning system , Russia cannot detect American intercontinental missiles for a period of three hours per day .
What must happen now is for the world ' s nuclear powers no longer to have their nuclear weapons primed for firing and for them to separate the warheads from the weapon carriers , at least for the period of the turn of the millennium .
A decision no longer to have any nuclear weapons primed for firing and to remove their warheads ( that is to say , to separate the nuclear weapons from the weapon carriers ) may at the same time be the beginning of serious nuclear disarmament .
The Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party has played a forceful role in the fight against the death penalty .
In the United States alone , several thousand people are waiting to be executed .
Nor does the death penalty have any proven deterrent effect .
But what the resolution really ought to be concerned with - a subject which my colleagues too have taken up - is the memorandum concerning the death penalty throughout the world .
We in the European Union are also guilty of not having succeeded in time in preventing Milosevic ' s insane excursions so close to our own territory .
If any kind of normality is to be achieved , all affected parties must feel secure in returning or in staying where they are .
This applies to both the majority and the minority .
The outrages committed against KFOR personnel are also unacceptable and , on behalf of my Group ( the Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party ) , I should like strongly to condemn these .
Mr President , the European Parliament is now establishing a policy , that is to say a drugs policy , which has emerged in fits and starts over a period of many years .
In fact , we Swedes have a fairly definite view of these questions .
Once these measures which are now being proposed have taken effect , I believe that there will emerge in the Member States a greater sympathetic understanding of the differences between their respective policies .
If we are bad at carrying out projects , we should like to improve .
If we do not want to comply with our legislation , we must change our legislation and not pursue some kind of policy which does not follow the rules of a State governed by law .
Unfortunately , many of the amendments on the table here in this Chamber place obstacles in the way , so I hope that many of them will be rejected .
It is at least as much a question of in actual fact developing these countries ' societies and economies so that they can manage the new environment they are to be integrated into .
Clearly , the European Union must continue to back the EIB and guarantee its loans ,