Rightly or wrongly , the UK and the US legislation have permitted this type of research for ten years and many benefits have resulted .
And after consulting world-wide for many months the Donaldson report recommends extending such research for therapeutic purposes .
The choice is yours , colleagues .
You have to be true to your conscience and your faith but also consider the future well-being of your neighbour .
Caring for your neighbour is also a Christian enjoinder .
He may have Alzheimer 's or Parkinson 's or diabetes .
Question No 42 by (H-0629/00 ) : Subject : Scientific advice concerning phthalates Will the Commission now release the statement agreed on 25 November 1999 by the CSTEE ( Scientific Committee on Toxicity , Ecotoxicity and the Environment ) on that committee ' s view of the misinterpretation by the Commission of the scientific advice on the subject of phthalates , the statement being referred to in the minutes of the Scientific Steering Committee ' s meeting of 10 December 1999 ?
Will it indicate who in the Commission is responsible for this failure to follow accepted practice on the publication of all minutes , reports and agreed statements by scientific committees , and will it indicate who was responsible for delaying the publication of the main minutes of the CSTEE meeting of 25 November 1999 until April 2000 ?
I am grateful to the Commissioner for his reply although I have to say that five months is a long time to wait for minutes .
What I say now is no reflection at all on the Commissioner himself , but I hope that he would accept with me that science must inform our decisions on risk and how to manage it .
In this case the science was less than adequate .
It was not validated by peer review and so on .
So when it came to the Science Committee and the chairman 's views it was significant that his advice - in his words - did not justify a banning action .
The resulting ban on other phthalates had nothing whatsoever to do with children 's toys or teething rings .
This exercise brought into some disrepute the precautionary principle .
That principle only holds good if the decisions are scientifically irreproachable .
It was not a happy experience and I hope the Commission would agree that both the Commission and Parliament have a lot to learn from this experience .
I should like to ask a related question regarding the banning of Staffordshire terriers in Germany under their dangerous dogs law .
Many of my constituents in the United Kingdom are writing to protest against this German law banning certain breeds of dogs which appear to pose no threat to public safety .
Given the pets ' passport project at European level and a right for pets now to move freely within the European Union as a result , does the Commission have any legal competence to intervene and protect animal welfare and , in particular , these domestic pets in Germany , of which there will be a needless slaughter potentially and possibly even extinction of a fine breed of British dogs ?
Mr President , does the Commissioner agree with me that there seems to be a new and growing abuse of children which is within the competence of the European Union ?
Children are being used by mothers from eastern and central Europe on the streets of our cities for begging .
They are mostly coming into the Union as refugees .
Either they should be taken into care or the begging is unjustified because they should be receiving social benefits from the state .
This is something perhaps which should be added to the list of child abuse which we as a Community ought to be looking into very carefully .
Question No 52 by (H-0649/00 ) : Subject : European social non-governmental organisations The role of European social NGOs as an important link between Europe ' s citizens and the Commission , Parliament and Council is increasingly recognised in areas such as social policy , trade , development and the environment .
What plans does the Commission have to propose a legal basis for civil dialogue between the EU' s institutions and organised civil society ?
Thank you , Commissioner and I certainly agree with the substance , particularly of the early part of your answer .
I welcome the fact that NGOs are funded through the exclusion and anti-discrimination action programmes .
But I have one specific question : why are only eight or nine NGOs , as far as my information is concerned , funded through these two lines ?
Secondly , NGOs feel that they are being unfairly denied access to core funding .
My information is that they are being pushed into project funding and 18 environmental NGOs , for instance , are receiving from the Commission funding towards their running costs .
It occurs to me that two years after the 1998 budget freeze , it might be time now for the Commission to respond to what are very clear needs from the European-based social NGOs for core funding to cover their running costs .
Is the Commissioner aware of research at the Scottish Crop Research Institute in Invergowrie near Dundee that shows that tobacco plants can be genetically modified to accept the implanting for multiplication of potential anti-cancer vaccines ?
It is quite ironic really .
Would it not be desirable to redirect the European tobacco-growing industry towards such benign purposes and to further promote this type of research ?
Mr President , I would like to start by congratulating the Commission on a very timely and far-reaching communication which explicitly acknowledges the rapidly growing environmental impact of air transport and clearly recognises that this growth is unsustainable .
Before coming to the proposals contained in my report , it would be helpful to remind ourselves of some