I agree with the UNHCR that their return should be supported by relevant relief measures put in place by the international community and that individual Afghans should be offered 'realistic repatriation packages ' .
Seville gave high priority to adopting measures to promote an accelerated return to Afghanistan .
In cooperation with the Commission and the Member States , the Danish Presidency will make efforts to comply with the Seville Declaration .
There are still forces that are seeking to knock developments in Afghanistan off course .
There are various warlords who , for long periods , have become accustomed to a high degree of self-determination in those areas they control and who have resisted the establishment of a central government .
The hope is that , by setting up a democratic process , opportunities will be created for solving these conflicts through political negotiations rather than through a return to the pointless fighting of the past .
The United States played a decisive role in the rapid removal of the Taliban government through Operation Enduring Freedom .
In and around Kabul , the International Security Assistance Force , ISAF , is helping to ensure stability so that the interim government is able to operate .
The country must not again become a seedbed of terrorism and of drugs production .
We wish to support the Afghan people in their efforts to secure peaceful development .
Together , the EU Member States contribute the larger part of the ISAF force and are the largest international providers of aid .
Recently - or , more specifically , on 22 July - the General Affairs and External Relations Council adopted conclusions concerning the situation in Afghanistan .
The principles are stated in the Bonn Agreement , the final declaration from the Tokyo Summit in January and UN Security Council resolution 1419 .
Through its special representative , Mr Vendrell , the EU is maintaining a close political dialogue with the government in Kabul and other Afghan parties .
Dialogues are also being conducted with the countries neighbouring Afghanistan in order to ensure their cooperation .
The EU will therefore attempt to promote a process in which , in partnership with the international community , Afghanistan 's transitional government develops verifiable criteria and monitoring systems in connection with the considerable aid that is being given .
At the same time , it will be ensured that the population as a whole shares in the aid as a visible peace dividend .
The financial situation in Afghanistan is characterised by a serious budget deficit , and the government will soon be in no position to pay out wages .
Direct budgetary aid will therefore also be necessary to ensure political stability in Afghanistan .
Whether those steps in the right direction we are now witnessing in Afghanistan can be translated into genuine and sustained improvements of the situation will , when all is said and done , depend upon the Afghan people 's own desire to support the process that has been set in motion .
Mr President , President-in-Office of the Council , Commissioner , following on from this morning 's debate , it is encouraging to be able to read in the telegrams from Johannesburg that the President-in-Office of the Council , Anders Fogh Rasmussen , and the American Secretary of State , Colin Powell , held a meeting this morning in Johannesburg at which it was established that the United States would consult its allies about Iraq and that the US agreed with the EU about firstly trying to get Iraq to give international weapons inspectors free and unfettered access to the country .
With regard to the alleged war crimes , we must now await the outcome of the UN investigation .
There is really nothing more to be said about that matter at present .
We can be pleased with the Bonn process and proud of the aid provided by the EU to that poverty-stricken country .
We also know that we are only in the first phase , that there is a long way to go and that the new administration , or transitional government , is subject to both external and internal threats .
Although much reduced in size , al-Qa'ida is still an external threat from hiding places in the regions bordering Afghanistan .
Internally , the fact that warlords clearly continue to operate , are still behind the cultivation of opium poppies and are in a position to threaten the stability of Afghanistan is necessarily a source of concern .
We must therefore continue to maintain a close dialogue with the transitional government , as well as engage in close dialogue with any government resulting from the 2004 elections .
The fact that the EU has just launched the ' Water for Life ' initiative is commendably in line with what we have previously heard in this Chamber .
So let the EU supply water to Afghanistan , show responsibility and contribute to a more peaceful world .
Mr President , I think everyone agrees that big improvements have taken place in Afghanistan in the last eight months , and I should like to thank MEPs for the debate that has been conducted , but there is also agreement that there are still major problems , as emphasised in , for example , some of the most recent speeches .
There must be no doubt that the Council attaches crucial importance to the Afghan Government 's and the Afghan people 's taking responsibility for the past and for the war crimes that might have been committed .
In that connection , President Karzai 's statement that the issue of the mass graves is to be investigated is encouraging .
The UN will play a central role in assisting the Afghan Government with this work .
The EU too will of course help as far as possible , partly through our special representative