the state of preparations calls for increased efforts .
This covers around a third of the areas .
Some of these areas require a technical solution .
The first relates to Bulgaria’s and Romania’s ability to reap fully the benefits from EU funds upon accession .
Secondly , we are also seriously concerned about areas linked to the functioning of the internal market and to the internal security of the European Union .
These include , for example , shortcomings identified in the veterinary sector , which could put at risk the sustainability of food safety in the enlarged EU , and the control of external borders in both countries .
The failure to obtain even a single significant conviction for high-level corruption in recent years , despite commonly available information on its scale , is a cause for serious concern .
This would show that both countries can be relied on to play their parts as future members of the European Union .
The total volume of pre-accession assistance available is substantial .
Next spring , we shall review the situation and may , if necessary , recommend postponing accession by one year .
We hope that steps undertaken by both countries will lead us to conclude that such a recommendation is not necessary .
As I have clearly stated before , should there be serious shortcomings , we would not hesitate to make use of all our remedial tools .
Now is not the time to speculate on the Commission ’s recommendation , but for the acceding countries to concentrate all their energy on the outstanding shortcomings identified in our reports .
Finally , I would like to take this opportunity to express my appreciation for the constant interest and support of the European Parliament for Bulgaria’s and Romania’s accession process .
The European Parliament has played a decisive role in ensuring that the fifth round of enlargement is well prepared .
I am grateful for the cooperation received since I have been in office and look forward to discussing the challenges ahead .     .
I appreciate the responsible way in which Parliament is handling enlargement policy , and I would like to continue the close , concrete and very viable partnership we have .
I will concentrate for now on two or three of the most important questions which have come up in this discussion .
These reforms must therefore take absolute priority , be the first priority , not least because the influence they have will extend to all areas of life and society , whether it is a matter of access to health services or the corporate business environment .
They are in quite good shape .
Now we need practical results : it is time for actions rather than words .
Both countries need to achieve standards that guarantee food safety throughout the EU.
It was swift , efficient and professional , and was therefore encouraging for the future .
On the other hand , we have to consider that EU legislation will be applied in this area from the time of accession .
The Commission will be following this closely , and I can assure you that the situation will be under control .
The monitoring mechanism that we adopted in its improved form a year ago is yielding results .
These have moved from the category of serious matters of concern to one where work with a clear objective is still needed .
In conclusion , I would like to say that the best service we could do Bulgaria and Romania and the citizens of these countries is to keep to the terms of accession .
Comparisons to football have been made in this Chamber .
He has written a book on the ‘European FBI’ .
So I am quite glad to see that the rapporteur actually knows his stuff .
I like the way in which the report starts in a dramatic way .
I also like the ambitious goals of the report .
There is one ‘group ’ that I would like to give some encouragement to : the interior ministries of Member States .
The only sad thing is that we have not done that already .
We should have done it a long time ago .
Taking into consideration those three points , I would like to support the Commission and the rapporteur .     .
The first is that the Committee on Constitutional Affairs made five proposals : we wanted more money for the Jean Monnet Chairs , more money for cultural organisations , more money for organisations advancing the idea of Europe , more money for European think-tanks and more money to debate the future of the European Union .
The five proposals were all rejected .
That is a great thing , and , therefore , I am pleased about the changes the Committee on Budgetary Control made .
My second point was more of a question : what do we need the money for ?
That is in all our interests .
My third and final point is also a question : can we buy the debate with money ?
Mr President , it could be claimed that the EU budgetary economy thrives in a world of plenty .
Not all the uses for the money which our Bureau quickly dreams up are acceptable , however .
In the drafting of the budget , a very stringent policy has been followed with regard to Section IV , whose ceiling for expenditure Parliament wishes to raise through maximum use of the flexibility instrument .
The strangest aspect of the budget has to do with the budgeting of Structural Funds payments .
Parliament has gone some way towards meeting the wishes of the Member States by taking 40 % of the deficit for financing structural action into account in the budget , as advised by the Member States to the Commission .
