All this happened because we pointed out the European Union could withdraw aid if the coup took place at the point of a gun .
That aid is 25 % of their GDP.
But the country is bankrupt and the new prime minister will face the same problems as the last .
He must make the parliamentary structure more active , work towards a cease-fire and then have talks on compensation with outside assistance .
Outside help will also be needed to regain law and order .
I should like to finish by thanking the members of the delegation office there who were so helpful to us .
Madam President , my comments will be on the question of Fiji .
Some days ago , a number of ethnic Fijian Indians representing that community and the Indian diaspora who are concerned about these conflicts came to the Parliament .
They expressed their deepest concern about the situation in Fiji , about its symbolism and how it could affect Indian communities in other areas of the world .
Their concern was not precisely for the ethnic Indian community , it was for Fiji .
Fiji had a multi-racial constitution in 1997 .
It was designed to solve the ethnic problems in the islands , including the land issue and that constitution was unanimously approved by an ethnic-Fijian-dominated Parliament and blessed by the Great Council Of Chiefs .
It was a model for a constitution for a multi-racial society and a thriving island .
Clearly the lawlessness and violence has undermined that constitution but we must look more deeply at the causes of the conflict .
This House has to ensure that in those countries where we give aid we monitor the breakdown of law and order and look at the interests of those ethnic minorities who are in danger .
The concerns expressed are very real .
We have the ability to suspend aid if we believe that there is something going wrong in Fiji .
Myself and Glenys Kinnock and other colleagues who have met with the ethnic Indian community want to help them find a solution to this conflict .
Madam President , 50 years on we have been celebrating over the last few years the end of the war , the founding of the United Nations , the founding of the World Health Organisation , the return of independence to the Baltic Nations from the Soviet Empire , but sadly also 50 years on we have to commemorate China 's illegal occupation of Tibet : fifty years of suppression and oppression of the Tibetan people by the Chinese regime .
That must never be allowed to become a fait accompli hence the amendment to this resolution to put pressure on China , which I warmly support .
Hence , also , the overall resolution to demand of the World Bank that it withdraw its support for our so-called project which would mean the movement of some 60,000 Chinese into an area currently populated by 4,000 Tibetans making a living with their herds , and the exploitation of Tibet 's natural resources .
Both actions are immoral , both are against international law , both demand action by this Parliament and this Union on behalf of Tibet and its people .
Mr President , I will start by declaring an interest , because I have been a Class 1 football referee for 18 years now and I am attached to the English FA , and also by congratulating both France for winning the Euro 2000 championship in such a fantastic way , and alas , begrudgingly Germany for winning the World Cup bid for 2006 .
I also want to make sure that we actually condemn hooligans in a very strong way in this House ; all hooligans whatever country they come from and whatever their background .
I note what Mr Van Hecke said about the repatriation of a number of English football fans on C130 planes .
It was a great shame in fact that the Belgian police overreacted in such a way by clearing bars of decent ordinary football-loving supporters , taking them with the dross that are the football hooligans .
The question is : what message was sent out by the football authorities going back a number of months before the Euro 2000 championship ?
We had a problem with two Leeds fans being murdered in a UEFA Cup game in Istanbul against Galatasaray , yet no action was taken against Galatasaray - they were not thrown out of the UEFA Cup .
In Denmark when Galatasaray played Arsenal , a number of Arsenal fans were arrested yet not charged with hooliganism .
Then we have the inaction by the British government , which chose not to impose any extra sanctions on stopping people from travelling , even though they knew they might cause trouble .
So all these factors actually led to a number of people thinking : " Well this Euro 2000 championship is a soft touch .
We should be allowed to go there , and we are going to go and have a good fight " , instead of watching the wonderful festival of football that it should have been .
This Parliament and others on the outside should step back , because we have a breathing space now where we can take a reasoned view of what actions we should realistically take against football hooligans , and compare that with the rights of people to freely move about our continent .
Mr President , Iraq was at war with Iran from 1980 to 1989 .
During this time the USA and EU supported Iraq since we perceived Iran as the real threat to the Middle East .
Iraq invaded Kuwait on 2 August 1990 .
This was wrong and unacceptable .
The UN responded by passing Resolution 661 to impose sanctions on Iraq .
The UN action was justified