What will be the impact of a possible price cut for producers on consumer prices ?
The new European Commission , on the other hand , did .
This translates into an annual cost of EUR 30 million .
Liberalisation of the sugar market makes little sense if it does not benefit the consumer .
Mr President , extending the present European sugar regime is the best solution for producers , consumers and developing countries .
It is therefore better to opt for a policy in which producers are given a valuable role in a tough competitive context , both in Europe and elsewhere , instead of a spurious position in the discussion between consumers and producers .
Mr President , two factors play a role in this proposal .
In other words , we must strike a balance between upholding the Geneva Convention relating to the status of refugees on the one hand and cracking down on crime on the other .
In this respect , another factor comes into play with regard to this proposal .
Another scenario is of people hitching a lift and declaring that they will be seeking asylum , but not doing so immediately and disappearing underground .
The present draft directive is the third proposal which is being presented to the European Parliament , no less than four years after the first one in 1997 .
This has not happened to a satisfactory level in the past .
The first thing that springs to mind is the link with the Geneva Convention relating to the status of refugees , particularly the key principle of it , namely the non - refoulement principle , the principle that refugees cannot simply be returned home .
The word 'balance ' encompasses more than the word 'solidarity ' which is in the proposal at present .
The draft legal framework for temporary protection in the case of mass immigration has been developed in the past decades and varies from Member State to Member State .
Despite this , I would like to quote a critical example : let us not forget the refugees in Sangatte and Calais , who are desperate for temporary protection provision for displaced persons .
I am , therefore , disappointed that this is being played down in the report , more specifically in Amendment No 22 , which turns this modest proposal into an empty statement .
That just about covers the cost of two tents and a hot-water bottle .
First of all , the drive with which the Commission acquits itself of its task as legislator in the European Union and the care it applies to keeping the balance between the national interests and the ultimate goal of Tampere are quite remarkable .
However , I also share Mrs Terrón ' s and Mrs Buitenweg ' s severe criticism of the compromise , which is very disappointing indeed and should not really call itself a compromise , as far as the definition of " the family " is concerned .
In particular , the amendments tabled by Mr Mulder ( ELDR Group ) might well mean that the European agricultural policy is finally looked at .
We would ask you to include in the Rules of Procedure a clause to the effect that any interests must be notified beforehand so as to avoid even the semblance of a conflict of interests .
That is what you get when you punish idealistic helpers and cut off legal access options .
There are many campaigns to stop these transports , and rightly so .
With ever lower transport costs , it is possible to haul any cheap raw material and any cheap end product from anywhere .
It will be possible , in future too , for the club and player to agree in their joint contracts on transfer fees which are unlimited and which can rise to the same absurd heights as they do at the moment .
I am thinking of the composition and criteria for allocating funding , for example .
We endorse Mr Bösch ' s observations with regard to OLAF' s role .
Switzerland is a key country in Europe when it comes to combating fraud , and we do well to bear this in mind .
This also means that the Commission will refrain from intervening in appointments in any shape or form .
Can Commissioner Schreyer tell me how the Commission has reacted to Paragraphs 3 to 6 ?
Third sore point : the cooperation between Member States .
Consequently , my group will not be supporting the amendments which play down these matters or disguise them .
In fact , what sanctions are prompting Spain to clear up the flax fraud ?
It is unfortunate that the Commission is forever putting spanners in the works .
All credit to the Spanish .
Parliament showed its best side at first reading and did what parliaments are expected to do , namely to lend substance to the care for humans , nature and the environment in general .
That cannot be the intention of European environmental legislation .
At the same time , the energy market has been liberalised .
Despite this , we will be supporting those amendments , for the Greens , too , have now grown up .
As the state-of-the-art technology stands at present , it is altogether possible to reduce the level of SO2-emission down to 100 .
In addition , incentives must be given to rejuvenate or renew old and heavily polluting plants , instead of allowing the serious pollution of the atmosphere to continue .
At first reading , the PPE-DE Group adopted the European Commission ' s ceiling at first reading .
We are also struggling with the rapporteur ' s notion that what we want to reach in 2010 should , in actual fact , be reached in 2004 .
As for volatile