The figure of Mohammed is what we might call the point of communion for an Islam that is more fragile and diverse , and even more divided , than we might think .
In view of recent events , the Euro-Mediterranean Parliamentary Assembly is the ideal place to reinforce our partnership , on the basis of dialogue , exchange and mutual understanding .
We were expecting Mahmoud Abbas but he did not come .
This is why these difficulties must be addressed forthwith : the continued financing of the Anna Lindh Foundation must be guaranteed ; the measures undertaken by the foundation and the priorities thereof must be accorded higher visibility ; European rules on the funding of projects must be relaxed ; a European television station in Arabic must be set up ; and the structure’s three working languages must be put on an equal footing in communications .
On this point , I trust that candidate countries will submit their candidacies one month ahead of the vote , as the Union has requested they do .
What we especially want to do – by means of specific deadlines : six months for the Commission to examine applications , four months to raise objections – is to avoid there being damaging delays for the operators involved .
Unfortunately , there has not been a single sign of the geographical indications being sustainably enshrined at the WTO .
So , in conclusion , Commissioner , I have a question for you and , likewise , for the Council .
If the Member States made rapid progress in these two areas , our people would feel a little more protected by the European Union .     Mr President , as well as their health , which we have just debated , the 460 million Europeans want us to give better and better protection to them as consumers .
This poses a real threat .
For the United States , agriculture has to be industrial , with logos and brand names , wine included .
Parliament is making a big mistake in confusing biodiversity and genetic engineering .
We know very well that , in the case of Natura 2000 , if the European Union does not allocate money to this network , biodiversity will not be protected .
I do not object at all to initiatives concerning self-regulation , but they must be the responsibility of the economic agents themselves and their aim must be to improve on the minimum standards fixed by the legislator .
We have in actual fact made considerable progress .
Our strategic objectives over five years – prosperity , solidarity and security – and , of course , their influence outside the EU remain fully relevant .
In the field of security and freedom , the main target will be the extension of the Schengen area , migration and border controls and the fight against crime .
We have completed more than one hundred so far , and we will continue to improve their quality and ensure that they make a real difference in our decision-making process .
I look forward to your views on where Europe should devote its energies in 2007 .     .
You also intend to do away with the European laws that serve no purpose , those notorious useless laws that you just mentioned to us , which weaken the necessary laws .
The future enlargement to incorporate Romania and Bulgaria will have to be decided in the course of this year .
Technological breakthroughs are needed in relation to solar energy , hydrogen cells and so on .
In these conditions , and in order to increase the security of forthcoming elections , the UN has sought the help of the European Union , as you mentioned .
The word of the Union means the one that is included in Annex 1 to the revised Cotonou Agreement .
All the parties , irrespective of our political divisions , remind you of your duties .
This is a question of honour for our European Union and a question of respect .
Firstly , I am delighted that we share the same opinions on very many points , such as the importance of the dialogue with civil society and the national parliaments of the ACP countries , the objective of regional integration and economic governance , the role of investment and the diversification of exports .
Secondly , the commitment of our ACP partners to establishing a statutory framework that favours investment .
I know that there are some who would be in favour of a debate on the possible alternatives to the EPAs .
This work was welcomed unanimously within the Committee on Development .
These priorities depend very much on the willingness of the European Union to give its full weight within the WTO to facilitating improvement in the rules in terms of development priorities .
Our experience of 50 years of liberalisation clearly shows that it is not enough and that there is a whole list of other factors to consider .
The work that should have been done was not done .
I am looking for all the creativity of which you are capable and I am completely open on these questions , without any preconceptions .
I believe that some political parties have already found themselves in a tight corner in December with money unused , and it was up to whoever had the best idea to spend this money in a rush , to make a few pens , a few tee-shirts ; in short , things that were not at all in the immediate interest of the political party in question .
It would be wrong , nonetheless , for the European Union to deny itself these resources .
How are we to achieve the ambitious goal of 5.75 % of the market in 2010 for biofuels when France has as yet achieved only 1 % ?
In this