Are there any ideas or not regarding the proposed referendum ?     I can say to Mr Ebner that there have not been any proposals to this effect .
Regarding the outermost regions , it is fair to say that they are disadvantaged because of their geographical location and the fact that they are islands , as recognised by Article 299( 2 ) of the Treaty .
The Italian Presidency considers the enhancement of the trans-European networks to be a priority ; the objectives include adopting the aforementioned proposal and looking into other possible sources of funding for these networks .
As Mr Prodi said this morning , the Commission is carrying out a comprehensive study with a view to the presentation , for the December European Council , of a specific and well-constructed plan , which will also include a recommendation for the immediate launch of the trans-European infrastructure .     I can merely respond by saying that we have , of course , set ourselves a goal for the start of the actual programme .
This is the state of affairs .
I agree with Mr Belder , who spoke before me .
The inhumanity that I sense here is one that does not understand the daily suffering of living under military occupation , the injustice that children suffer .
These are the courageous ones , the people that have the courage to say : let us build , let us work , let us plan ; just as all those Israeli voices are courageous – and they are those that we should listen to – like the pilots that refuse to go and bomb .
This initiative follows on from the Green Paper on compensation to crime victims with which , in September 2001 , the Commission began to promote the debate on this issue and which , a year ago , was the subject of a report , which I had the honour of drafting , and also a Parliament resolution .
The European Union has selected possible objectives to pursue , criticised the difficulties associated with the various legal systems of the Member States , identified the different kinds of needs of crime victims and established the minimum Community measures to be enforced .
Our concern is growing , with the fear that these two processes may exert further , unendurable pressure on our Mediterranean crops .
We will discuss these proposals after the legislative proposal .
You quite rightly refer us to the decisions of the individual states , but we must also consider a number of general criteria such as employment .
The action which I am calling upon Parliament to take part in should be a united endeavour to combat this disturbing phenomenon across Europe .     Mr President , I will take the liberty of returning for a moment to the issue of the Eurobarometer survey .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , representatives of the acceding countries , the top priority of my Commission , the absolute top priority is about to become a reality .
The Comprehensive Monitoring Report adopted by the College this morning is the fruit of lengthy , painstaking efforts by the Commission , which has been monitoring and supporting the acceding countries ' preparations for years .
The European Union is increasingly becoming a reference in many countries for the development of civil society and political life .
The 10 governments are perfectly aware that any shortcoming in any area would deprive them of the benefits of accession in that sector , in terms of both financial transfers and market access .
Our common target is to carry through the accession process for Bulgaria and Romania in 2007 .
Indeed , this will be one of the last big decisions that it will fall to my Commission to take in this term of office .
We continue to hope this will happen .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , history has vindicated the vision of Europe 's founding fathers : the original Six that had just emerged from the war are now 25 free , strong countries and they will , no doubt , number more than 30 in the future .
The Italian Presidency firmly believes that only with the support of the European Parliament can the numerous problems facing us be resolved , and political agreement be achieved by December .
Any other solution would be seen as an attempt to downgrade the democratic and transparent method that was launched with the European Convention’s work .
Endowing the European Union with a Constitution is a challenge not only for some countries or for the Italian Presidency , which has the honour of steering the Council through this particular stage , but for all of us .
The Ministerial Meeting of 27 October expanded the range of the discussion to include matters not addressed , or addressed only marginally , at previous meetings .
Secondly , it confirms that Member States still have divergent positions in respect of the scope of qualified majority voting .
The point of departure for the proposal , however , will still be the Convention’s draft , and it will seek to achieve compromises that are at least as ambitious and worthy as those put forward by the Convention .
We are willing to consider possible adjustments but remain resolutely opposed to undermining and retreat .
The approval of the new Constitution will be a success for everyone or a failure for the Union .
Sometimes , I even have the impression that the views of 28 governments are part of the equation , whereas only 25 are entitled to give an opinion , for three are mere observers .
I do not know whether the Italian Presidency intends to include this matter in the comprehensive proposal planned for the third week in November too , but we reiterate our firm commitment to fight for this to be included .
The truth is that we