Mrs Weiler is right to draw attention to the 1997 Luxembourg Summit .
Mr President , I join with Mrs Weiler in many of her assessments and conclusions , and also consider much of what has been presented by the Commission to represent definite progress .
Mr President , honourable Members , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , planning the Budget for next year demands flexibility and provision for the unforeseen .
We have indeed managed to put aside EUR 400 million from the Budget in this year already for the costs of foot-and-mouth disease .
That cannot be what you meant .
As a result of this , we presented a claim for 717 new posts .
I would , though , like to thank Mr Costa Neves for reiterating your offer of negotiations .
Parliament does not , indeed , believe this to be an unimportant area ; it is far more a question of how decisions are reached , of whether it is actually right that the Council should have sole discretion as to how the funds are applied .
The European Union will be providing a total of over EUR 310 million .
I get the impression that many of the European agencies maintain to some degree a separate existence .
The Commission 's proposal on the introduction of a reserve meets with our explicit support .
Let me take this opportunity to thank the general rapporteur for working so well with me and my colleagues on the Agriculture Committee .
We still have major problems in the Balkans , new tasks await us in Afghanistan and in its neighbouring states and more new tasks await us in the Middle East .
We must not , though , in doing this , forget the 23 frontier regions which will be particularly - even adversely - affected by the accession of these countries .
I think this will motivate the Commission to present a corresponding proposal on the frontier regions .
It makes little sense to put funds in reserve for the purposes of a law , and then end up spending it on buildings .
I desire only the destruction of an undemocratic process and I will always be reminding you of that .
We will be back on the launch pad , and will have to discuss what appropriate terms for this House 's budget and the Budget as a whole might look like .
We will introduce innovation .
Developments following 11 September have shown us that developments are needed in this area .
If this intention is to be countered , the Financial Perspective will have to be qualified by the Commission , any kind of speculation eliminated and the across-the-board cuts that are always being sought in the agricultural budget not in fact implemented .
For that reason , Commissioner , we call upon the Commission to produce definite proposals for a regulation on the frontier regions .
We are grateful to the Committee on Budgets and especially to the rapporteur for their accepting these suggestions and , in part , adding to them .
Yet even NGOs need to be able to plan ahead with certainty in order , for example , to be able to carry on paying their office staff .
If you want to have a rational , environmentally responsible transport policy , you cannot cut funds that are allocated for that purpose .
Secondly , the Committee concerned itself intensively with problems in connection with the support provided by the PHARE programmes and with the Toth case .
I do not know how we will be able to catch up by the end of the year , and frontier regions will , of course , be affected .
There was also a demand for revision of the Financial Regulation .
This is only a fraction of the money needed to deal with the disaster as a whole .
Because of our persistence , Mrs Ghilardotti and I , the spokespersons of the two major groups in this House , which are needed to muster 314 votes , have succeeded in persuading the rapporteur not to table yet more superfluous amendments which really give women out there very little except semantic self-opionatedness and confused ideology .
First of all , there is the autonomy of the two sides of industry - the employers and the unions .
I think that we now need to find some clearer wording .
It emerged from the first reading debate that paternity rights cannot be the same as maternity rights .
There is often a lack of an even semi-functioning public administration , there is a lack of democratic control of those in power , and many countries are in a state of open civil war or on the verge of it .
However , we now very definitely know what we could only assume at that point , and that is that both the Commission and the European Anti-Fraud Office , OLAF , have had to lower their sights .
I would be very grateful to the Commissioner if , within or without the framework agreement , he could inform me - in writing if necessary - where all this has been recorded , so that we can understand this .
Otherwise , I am completely satisfied with the Commission proposal , and would in fact be happier without the rapporteur 's amendments that were adopted by a majority of the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism .
I wish to thank Mrs Fontaine for promptly implementing our joint decision in the Conference of Presidents .
At issue was our common presentation of ourselves to the public - who said what , and when .
I do not find that the right way to go about presenting a clear picture of the European Union as a whole .
I would like to underline again that the position taken by the Heads