The Council has a keen awareness of the environment and of the horrendous pollution caused by these accidents , and I can assure the honourable Member that the Greek Presidency will proceed with the speed and attention needed in order to ensure that suitable measures are taken .
This is something which , if you look at it literally , you end up in a different debate which I think there is no point getting into .
Obviously , with a disaster or - if you prefer - an accident of these proportions , it is vital to examine why it happened , what damage it caused and what experience and lessons it teaches us for the future , so that we can stop the same thing from happening again .
Following a spate of serious accidents over recent years off various coasts of Europe involving vessels carrying dangerous substances , the Council and the European Parliament took joint measures to wipe out the risk of this sort of disaster happening again , the aim being - as I stressed in my previous reply - to achieve high standards of environmental protection , especially of natural habitats and biodiversity .
The Council also stressed that the principle of prevention , the principle of compensating for environmental disasters at source and the polluter pays principle need to be applied in an appropriate manner to maritime transport .
The Council wants to promote and is promoting solutions and I think it is vital to have proposals and ideas from all sides as to how to deal with this problem , a problem which does not just have to do with naval architecture ; it also has to do with a whole series of other issues - economic , social , institutional and organisational issues - and how these issues should be dealt with at political and European Union level .
The Commission presented its proposal on 19 December .
Part of the budgetary resources (around EUR 30 million ) for the conversion of the Spanish vessels that were up to 1999 dependent on the fishing agreement with Morocco will also be used for the reparation of the damages in question .
As far as the creation of a European coastguard is concerned , it is not the Council 's place to express its views on any proposals which may have been submitted to or discussed by the European Convention .
As for the question of creating new organisations , one might - in theory - agree that this would be a useful , necessary exercise ; however , it raises a series of institutional and practical implications which the Council would need to consider following an in-depth evaluation .
This is an independent institutional body , an independent institution and we cannot interfere in its discussions .
Cyprus is due to be accepted as a new Member State of the European Union on 1 May 2004 .
If no solution is found , the application of the acquis communautaire to northern Cyprus will be suspended pending a decision by the Council to the contrary based on a proposal submitted by the European Commission .
Following on from this question and answer and the reference made to the Secretary-General 's plan , I should like to take this opportunity to ask you : Does the Council have any plans to get involved in discussions on the future of the Annan plan , especially regarding the dimensions and aspects of the plan that prevent the acquis communautaire on freedom of movement and establishment from operating ?
If the Annan plan is adopted , it will be partitioned through the back door .
May I point out that it is not just one part of Cyprus that will accede .
Be it by 28 February or after that , by the time Cyprus formally accedes to the European Union on 1 May 2004 , or even later than that , the Council expects the two sides to achieve a result and I think that the momentum of events themselves , with the developments we have seen in the Turkish-Cypriot part of the island and the fresh example of yesterday 's demonstrations ; events themselves will help bring about a solution and we shall have a single , united Cyprus in the Union , with all the benefits that this Union has to offer Cyprus .
This Convention was adopted under the aegis of the Council of Europe .
Does the Greek Presidency intend to take any initiatives to ensure that we do not have contradictory legislation in the European Union , especially in this area , which usually concerns young people ?
Greece , speaking as the presidency of the Union , supports the communitisation of the third pillar within the framework of the European Convention .
Until a final solution is found , the present temporary arrangements appear to be working satisfactorily .
The European Council in Seville also urged the introduction , without delay , of the common unit for external border practitioners , composed of Member States ' heads of border control , to coordinate the various measures contained in the management plan , the aim being to gradually introduce integrated management of external borders .
We , both as the Greek Presidency and as a Member State , are very keen to move in this direction .
As the honourable Member knows , encouraging and supporting small and medium-sized enterprises is one of the Greek Presidency 's priorities under the Lisbon strategy .
In addition , the Commission 's recent communication on industrial policy in an enlarged Europe , which will also be examined in detail during the Greek Presidency , emphasises the central role played by SMEs in encouraging industrial momentum and innovative ideas .
Mr President-in-Office , my apologies for making you say things we already know .
We think we can help by reducing or , if possible , removing