What we need in these countries is a common-sense majority to ensure that the Stability and Growth Pact is not undermined even more than it is at present .
The EU is responsible for competition , the internal market , the euro , for areas where there are common objectives and a common need for action , and I think that is the right approach .
What I want from the Commission is a shift away from the principle that each Commissioner conducts the affairs of his or her department independently along the lines of ' I 'll do my thing and you do yours ' .
She is certainly not a cloned version of other comparable bank directors either .
There are the different economic cycles , the cyclical and structural problems within the European Union , which we have just been discussing , the absence of economic dynamism , the lack of a pro-active approach and the lack of confidence in politics and economics , the forthcoming conclusion of the Basle II Accord and the drafting of a directive , and also the issue of whether Europe will become the financial centre of the world compared with other continents , regardless of the narrow-minded provincial outlook .
I am wholeheartedly committed to the central importance of the European Central Bank 's objectives .
'WIPO Treaty ' should stand , and the following four words plus the parentheses must be deleted .
We - the people looking at you - are the European Union 's elected representatives .
I therefore request you to clarify , firstly , whether this was a proposal by the President , and , secondly , whether it was based on a decision by the Bureau .
The age pyramid is turning on its head .
Mr President , the wars going on in the Congo are tribal wars - ethnic wars - which , in terms of their duration and the devastation they cause , are basically comparable to Europe 's religious wars of the seventeenth century , such as the Thirty Years War .
It is indeed to be welcomed , but I think this is really not enough under the circumstances .
The Group of the European People 's Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats calls on the Vietnamese Government to fulfil its obligations under international law , and to tolerate and guarantee full freedom of belief and opinion at last .
That is not our responsibility .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , having considered this matter , our group supports this proposal .
We were told that primary legislation would run aground on the cliffs of the Council , and that our ideas on tax law would drag us down to the depths of the ocean .
If it were merely an international organisation , then the Council would indeed have the prerogative as regards Members ' privileges and immunities .
I am very grateful to you , Mr President , generally , for having taken more trouble over this Statute than any previous President .
The fact is that the whole point of the statute is to create equal conditions for this country 's parliamentarians in accordance with Article 190 ( 5 ) .
I cannot do other than agree with the rapporteur when he says that , politically speaking , the core issue is whether we are a parliamentary assembly or a Parliament .
There are important roles to be played by parties - including European parties - by the European Parliament as the only EU institution directly elected by the European public , by the citizens ' representatives , all of which are an important part of the European project .
I think this is a good result .
It is the Commission that must take appropriate measures to prohibit anti-competitive conduct by companies , and , above all , the Commission that must see to it that the Member States transpose the directive properly and promptly .
Bottlenecks in the networks will be apportioned in accordance with the laws of the market rather than on a territorial basis , and tariffs will no longer be determined by the distance between the contracting parties , but solely on the basis of the physical flow .
Likewise , Madam Vice-President , I thank the Commission , you yourself and all its members .
Services of general interest are compatible with competition , and , should the public interest so require it , the Member States will also be able to decide on derogations from the law on competition .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the liberalisation of the energy market is , above all , to the advantage of consumers and for Europe 's citizens .
Where this is concerned , I start by asking myself why it is that , in most cases , it is still by reference to the national market that competition is assessed .
At the same time , Parliament and the Council are directing that bulk shipments may now be transported from and into EU ports only in double hull tankers .
For the oil industry to adduce such an argument is pretty dubious .
In fact , a number of RTAs currently being negotiated seem to be anticipating an evolution of the multi-lateral trading system by seeking to cover subjects that have thus far been excluded from or not sufficiently discussed at a multilateral level , such as government procurement , child labour and human rights .
The European Parliament and the report by the Committee on Industry , External Trade , Research and Energy support this approach by the Commission .
I see this - not only in view of what Commissioner Lamy said - as an important guide to the timeframe within which , in the aftermath of Doha , a renaissance of regional trade agreements around the