Our basic political priority is and must continue to be to increase energy efficiency and to strengthen renewable sources of energy .
This agreement we have arrived at is a medium-term option .
We have done our part , now God can do his .
This is an important contribution to our climate policy .
In short , the compromise agreement falls within our traditional policy of controlling emissions of pollutants into the atmosphere and is an important step forward in our climate policy .
The compromise agreement achieved introduces a series of changes to the Commission 's proposal .
By incorporating the target in question , the legislation will achieve approximately one-third of the reductions needed in the sectors outside the emissions trading scheme , which is approximately what we had initially calculated for 2020 .
I should like to thank the rapporteur , Mr Guido Sacconi , for the important contribution which he made in achieving the agreement and I trust that you will support the compromise agreement in the vote tomorrow .
As far as products of animal origin in particular are concerned , including products from third countries , food legislation further strengthens traceability for products of animal origin which are covered by Regulation (EC ) No 853/2004 by imposing the following requirements : Food business operators must have in place systems and procedures to identify food business operators from whom they have received and to whom they have delivered products of animal origin .
The indication of the place of origin is , however , required as a matter of principle in cases in which there is a danger of misleading consumers as to the real origin of food , as well as in application of special rules , such as the rules on fruit , vegetables , bovine meat , wine , honey and fish .
Of course , the Commission is aware that this is a matter which requires further debate and we know that often citizens want to know the origin of products .
Nevertheless , the Commission proposal on food information covers all methods used to supply food to consumers , including distance selling .
It is precisely because we have these safety rules that we should feel secure that the goods imported into the European Union are as safe as the goods produced in the European Union .
The formal sitting of the European Parliament marking the 10th anniversary of Economic and Monetary Union ( EMU) at a time of serious crisis in the capitalist system follows repeated resolutions and reports by the European Parliament on the same subject and is yet another attempt to gild the pill of the anti-grassroots , anti-labour policy of the EU which , following the demise of socialism , proceeded to the Maastricht Treaty and its all-out attack on labour rights and freedoms .
This past decade , workers have seen their incomes shrink , industrial relations worsen , their insurance rights evaporate and health and education services deteriorate and made into privatised commodities .
Workers reject the European one-way street and its supporters , and also the Lisbon Strategy and the Lisbon Treaty , and are fighting against EMU and the EU itself for grassroots power and a grassroots economy .
The trading of foodstuffs on international exchanges has resulted in spiralling price increases and , hence , spiralling profits for the food multinationals , a perceptible reduction in rural output and global food reserves and an increase in the number of malnourished people .
The report on public finances in the Economic and Monetary Union ( EMU) adopts the anti-labour decisions made by the Council and the Commission which are designed to strengthen the competitiveness of monopolies in order to safeguard the profits of capital and shift the burden of the deep capitalist crisis onto the workers ' shoulders .
The outdated and failed models of state intervention to cover the shortcomings of the market are wishful thinking and an attempt to disorientate the workers by seeking social consent to a rotten system .
It is the result of Israel 's aggressive policy , supported by the USA and the EU , of illegal settlements and its refusal to return to the 1967 borders .
They are strengthening the US/NATO plan for the 'broader Middle East ' with which the EU has agreed and the aim of which is for the imperialists to subjugate the entire region .
Europe must stand up to its responsibilities and demand a definitive end to Israeli aggression and start making an effort to find a viable long-term solution .
Calling the events in Srebrenica the biggest post-war crime and the proposal to recognise a day to commemorate it in the Member States of the EU , while there are still serious questions as to what actually happened there , is a gross misrepresentation of history , because in fact , the biggest post-war crime to date in Europe has been the slaughter of the people of Yugoslavia by the American and European imperialists .
The European Union is one of the most open markets , while eminent partners of ours maintain high trade barriers .
The prolonged failure to reach agreement is exacerbating the climate of economic uncertainty and is damaging the credibility of the multilateral trade system .
The protection clause for US products adopted by the House of Representatives is a step in the same worrying direction .
We need more transparent and balanced global trade governance and , on this point , Commissioner , we await an integrated proposal for 'globalisation with a European face ' which will take account of the changes already made and of the link between the commercial and economic dimension for a transparent , democratic and efficient Europe in the world at this time of crisis .
In addition to structural problems , the acute discrepancy between the import tariffs of the European Union , on the one hand , and of its most important