living .
I look forward to seeing Cyprus among the next group of new members .
Stenzel Report ( A5-0243/2000 )
I note with interest Mrs Stenzel 's report on Malta 's application for membership of the European Union .
Malta meets all the requirements for membership of the European Union and there is really only one obstacle to full membership .
That obstacle is the divided nature of public opinion and the political parties on the desirability of membership .
The Maltese Government should ensure that a constructive dialogue takes place with all sections of their community to ensure as wide a consensus as possible on the issue of membership .
Providing that consensus is reached I look forward to Maltese membership of the EU.
Paulsen Report ( A5-0257/2000 )
.
I would like to add my voice to those condemning the acts of violence against one of my constituents , James Mawdsley from Ormskirk in Lancashire .
I welcome the vote by this Parliament deploring the flagrant violations of James ' rights under UN international law .
Mark Rowland of Jubilee Campaign will be absolutely delighted that the European Parliament has joined the UN in condemning his treatment .
We must continue to condemn human rights abuses in Burma .
We , as elected Members , are outraged that 51 democratically elected members of the NLD are in prison , victims like James , of inhuman and cruel abuse .
James ' only crime was to speak up for and campaign for human rights and democracy in Burma .
He should be commended for his efforts , which have caused him and his family such torment .
We must urge the ASEM countries in this resolution to pressurise the military regime in Burma to restore democracy .
Mr President , it is an honour for me to be standing in this chamber presenting what is not only my first report as an MEP but also a report that relates to a subject so close to my heart .
I would like to express my sincere thanks to my co-rapporteur , Elizabeth Lynne , for her cooperation and constructive comments and extend that gratitude to all Members of the Article 13 Rapporteurs ' Working Group .
As rapporteur on the Action Programme to combat discrimination , I have tried to improve the Commission 's text on behalf of the Committee on Citizens ' Freedoms and Rights .
I should point out to Members that the Council working group agreed unanimously to recommend to the Council that the type of committee in the action programme should be modified to a mixed committee , a combination of the management and advisory procedures , thereby increasing the power of the individual Member States .
The Council informed Parliament before the vote in committee , but only just before , deliberately ruling out any chance of further debate with myself or Parliament .
As rapporteur I believe the original Commission proposals on the composition of the committee to be the best approach to achieving Parliament 's and the programme 's objectives .
A politician can have no greater responsibility than to be given the opportunity to redress the wrongs so often visited upon minorities .
I accept that responsibility eagerly , with a determination to ensure that this action programme to combat discrimination , not just in the EU but also in the candidate countries , is not the end of a noble process , but the beginning .
For those of us comfortable and secure enough to fashion our own working and social environment , we can only begin to imagine the appalling , and sometimes life-threatening , discrimination which people face daily .
Why does such discrimination exist ?
It is illogical , irrational and based on ignorance .
It exists because good men and women do nothing or we begin to do something and never finish .
We are partial in our approach and application .
We favour certain minorities and groups , but not others .
We become chastened by public opinion or the media .
By being chastened , we create and confirm a hierarchy of oppression .
Whilst compiling my report , I was sad to realise that some NGOs believe their continuation is more important than that of other groups .
Only one NGO made the connection between its oppression and the oppression of all the groups cited in Article 13 and that was the UK-based Stonewall Group .
That is why I , as a member of a minority , issue this stern warning that unless we recognise that discrimination against one group is discrimination against all we will achieve nothing except the proliferation of NGOs and other groups .
No one group should advance at the expense of another .
We must remember that we are dealing with real pain and suffering and real lives .
Members may have received queries from NGOs on funding and specifically core funding .
I understand their concerns , but I have assurances from the Commission that NGOs will still be able to bid for funds on this and other programmes and initiatives managed by the Commission .
In my report , I have called for greater representation and involvement of NGOs , greater accountability to Parliament , the production of an annual report to be debated by Parliament , the highest possible degree of transparency , promotion of remembrance of the past in the fight against prejudice and the recognition of multiple discrimination .
The EU does not have a good record on eradicating discrimination .
Now is the time to do the job and it must be done with every fibre of our being .
We can never buy off the bigots ; we will only encourage them further .
Imagine the world through the eyes of a child growing up in a world which discriminates against it because it is female , a member of an ethnic minority , disabled or a lesbian .
