This circumstance , incidentally , has considerably delayed the debate on the directive at first reading as a result of a problem of competences which Parliament has taken too long to resolve .
We expect something from the Council in return of course : that it reciprocate by accepting a series of other amendments from Parliament and by accepting the proposed directive from the Commission with this exception of the targets .
Another issue which has arisen during the debate on the amendments has been that of proposing the introduction of other fuels in the directive .
There are those who say that there are other cheaper ways to reduce CO2 emissions .
However , I believe that we should allow each Member State the greatest possible freedom to set the level of reduction of special taxes , that is , to promote this type of fuel and not to establish a minimum level of tax .
The promotion of biofuels contributes to the security of supply , and is one of the few possible means available to us in the transport sector .
In view of the position of the majority of Member States and of the need - which I believe to be essential - to implement a stable system within a stable framework , essentially from a fiscal point of view , to promote the use of biofuels , the Commission could accept a solution similar to that proposed by the directive on electricity from renewable sources being applied to biofuels .
With regard to the environmental aspects , I would like to say that there are certain amendments which we cannot however accept , such as Amendments Nos 1 , 5 , 6 , 25 - someone mentioned this one earlier ; but I am sorry , we cannot accept it - 37 , 41 , 44 , 60 and 66 , because they would imply an additional burden which we cannot take on or because they would extend this proposal too far .
Promotion campaigns and declarations of good intentions are useful but they are not sufficient to change the energy situation in Europe .
I believe that this would be a step forward in terms of promoting the use of biofuels .
For this reason , Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I should like first of all to thank the Members who have spoken and , especially , Mr Rübig for his initiative of preparing this report .
This observation , which is true today , will be even more so when enlargement takes place .
I should , therefore , like to say to Mr Rübig and to the other speakers that I hope to be able , in the coming months , to present to Council and to this Parliament a package of initiatives specifically on nuclear safety , which will respond to the concern that you have expressed , i .e . the need for there to be common safety standards in installations in the European Union , standards which constitute a Community acquis , with mandatory compliance on the part not only of the fifteen current members of the Union , but also of the candidate countries , which will in time themselves be member States of the Union .
This is what we will be working on , and we will continue doing so in the international sphere , in the Vienna Agency , to improve even further the required standards throughout the world in this type of installation .
For example , I believe that the relationship between culture and industry is not clear-cut .
I believe that we have not yet done so because there is a fear of establishing a relationship between culture and industry , because if we entered the world of the industry we would have to enter the world of competition and we still believe that culture must have barriers .
Mr President , Commissioner , I would first of all like to highlight the slow pace at which the programming for regional policy for 2000-2006 has been implemented in terms of the use of the Structural Funds and the Cohesion Fund and ISPA.
We should not try to erase Community policy aimed at the regions of the Union , but rather we should increase it in order to correct the regional imbalances and , above all , we should listen to these infra-State bodies more , not pass on our own slowness in planning and making decisions to them , and put ourselves in their position , with the problems they have in successfully completing their projects , and help them .
Therefore , when we see public debates on financial balances , we know that something is being done wrong .
A good example of this is the creation of the High Level Technical Group for Interinstitutional Cooperation , which represents a qualitative leap in those relations .
We have managed to step up the European Union 's fight against terrorism by formally adopting , among others , the Framework Decisions on the Fight against Terrorism , the Framework Decision on the Arrest Warrant and the Common Position on the Freezing of Assets .
The Council has therefore declared that it is willing to increase cooperation with the countries of origin of immigrants and countries of transit .
This Summit will be an opportunity to fulfil our objectives of fighting poverty and environmental degradation and to promote the development of the less advanced countries .
This means that the negotiations have entered their final stage and I hope that the next European Council in Brussels will be able to nominate which countries will be able to complete the negotiations this year .
In Seville , Chairman Giscard d'Estaing presented a report on the progress of the Convention and the various forums in which civil society has expressed itself .
Other measures were also