I believe that this is the West’s duty and hence Europe’s duty , and I believe that Europe will be able to achieve this result only if it can endow itself with a decision-making method that is not based on unanimity : as we saw just two days ago in Brussels , you only need one country to oppose a decision for it not to be made .
It was not possible to reach agreement on these proposals , which are not either watered-down compromises or otherwise but are aimed exclusively at providing Europe with a new Constitutional Treaty straight away .
Nevertheless , we believe that a solution on the majority vote to replace more than 50 years of unanimous voting can still be found , and the desire to find one is unanimous .
I should like to hear from you what the Commission ’s position is on this and whether Mrs de Palacio has acted within her mandate .     .
Mrs de Palacio was expressing the well-known concerns within the Commission regarding the dangers of the non-adoption of the Kyoto Protocol and the need , therefore , to react to this situation .
Let us not deceive ourselves : it does not exist .
We have been trying to achieve this result for 15 years .
This has led to the impoverishment of a large number of pensioners , workers and citizens and I hope the European Union takes steps to ensure that no similar situations occur and intervenes to tackle problems affecting citizens of all European Member States who placed their trust in their governments ’ controls .     – Mr President , this document refers to VAT , value added tax , on postage stamps .
Even though we have had lively exchanges within the committee , thanks are also due to the Commissioner : The fact is that young people like me want to have a revolution but in the end we cannot and so we attempt to contribute in some way .
This is something I consider essential .     – Mr President , Commissioner Schreyer , ladies and gentlemen , because this year’s budget is the budget of an enlarged Europe , we must understand – as Members have done – the substantial negative factors accompanying the excellent work carried out by the rapporteur , Mr Mulder , the chairman , Mr Wynn and the coordinators .
The accounts of the European Union cannot be taken as the starting point for establishing its political priorities .
The agreement reached on 15 November 2003 between the Coalition Provisional Authority , which holds power in Iraq , and the Iraqi Government Council to speed up the transfer of powers to the Iraqis is a positive step .
At the same time , it is clear that it is not only terrorist activity that is taking place , but this is not the place to establish the respective percentages of terrorist and non-terrorist activities .     . – The Council is interested in the case of the Greek and Filipino seamen placed under house arrest in Pakistan and in the measures taken by the Pakistani authorities .
Pursuant to Article 35 of the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union , in defining and implementing all Union policies and activities , a high level of human health protection must be assured .
Finally , as regards the last question , Recital 5 of the aforementioned Regulation No 1567/2003 provides as follows : ‘The Community and its Member States uphold the right of their individuals to decide freely on the number and spacing of their children ; they condemn any violation of human rights in the form of compulsory abortion , compulsory sterilisation , infanticide , or the rejection , abandonment or abuse of unwanted children as a means of curbing population growth’ .     – I am not in a position to go into the details of this question and , therefore , to answer it fully because , to be quite honest , I do not know what the honourable Member means by ‘policy on abortion’ .
Further , the Council stresses that , in any event , it is not competent to express with regard to the situation of such third countries comparative judgments like those expressed in the question .     . – I believe that I have already given a reply which , as the honourable Member has observed , I understand is bureaucratic and not political ; I note that fact and I am sorry .
The incoming Irish Presidency has stated that it intends to continue negotiations within the Council bodies , on the basis of the progress achieved to date , with a view to reaching a political agreement on the Council common position during its Presidency , that is to say during the first half of 2004.The common position will , of course , be presented to Parliament as soon as a political agreement has been reached .     I am sorry that I am not able to give a precise answer .
Nevertheless , the Council is not in a position to discuss the conditions of the trial .
As far as the United States-Cuba issue is concerned , the situation is different for this specific case because , as I said before in my initial reply , the issue is still seen as being in the context of bilateral relations between the United States and Cuba .
I believe that the issue of active employment policies , particularly where women are concerned , is being explored as part of the current investigative work , and I have no reason to believe that the matter is not being dealt with