the basis of ability and effort .
I should also like to regret the fact that , in a letter to the President of the Commission , Mr Prodi , the President of the European Parliament in actual fact went against Parliament ' s own views on this point , as expressed in the Harbour report .
Moreover , I hope that this has not created too much in the way of difficulties for the Commission in the negotiations .
Against that background , I shall look forward to the Commission ' s compromise proposal for a career structure .
I think that remark was rather apposite .
Mr President , the June movement is voting in favour of enlargement , but the agreements must also be so good for the candidate countries that their electorates are inspired to vote in favour .
Given the way in which the enlargement negotiations are at present going , a majority of people in one or more countries is going to vote against .
People will think that the EU has something to hide when it does not dare to produce documentation .
The Commission still refuses to produce such a document .
Why not do voters the service of putting all papers on the Internet so that they can be read in Karup and Prague , Bogense and Budapest ?
I am not demanding that internal negotiating positions or military secrets be made publicly available .
We must also discuss whether we are making the correct demands of the candidate countries .
Might we not offer transitional arrangements concerning agricultural and recreational land until such time as the countries concerned have , for example , 90 % of our income ?
Might we not allow extended transitional arrangements so that they can adapt to competition in the common market but be allowed to protect local markets until such time as they are more competitive ?
Why not allow the 12 candidate countries to be involved in devising the basis for cooperation in the next treaty ?
The prospect of membership would then create enthusiasm among people and increase the turnouts at elections in such a way as to produce large majorities in favour of enlargement .
- ( DA ) We have voted in favour of Amendment No 4 , not because we are opposed to appropriate sanctions in the event of employers ' or employee representatives ' not complying with the directive but because we are opposed to paragraph 2 of Article 2 , no . xiii ) which may create difficulties for national agreement-based systems which at present operate very well .
Beneath the happy surface , however , there are of course anxieties , also on the part of the people in the candidate countries , and we must listen to these .
We must not in any way postpone enlargement , but we must listen to countries ' requests for transitional arrangements , whether on the subjects of land purchase or the environment .
We must not make demands of others that we do not make of ourselves .
We must therefore be willing to listen to those countries which wish us to be flexible .
It is also a gift from them to ourselves .
It is perhaps they who know most of all about this , for it is they who have experienced the loss of freedom and democracy .
Mr President , I was very pleased about the speech given on behalf of the Presidency , and I was particularly glad that importance was attached to how people in the candidate countries experience the situation .
I hope that people in the candidate countries read , in particular , that part of Mr Brok ' s report consisting of the statements from the Committee on Women' s Rights and Equal Opportunities and the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs for these , in my opinion , give due weight to what is really important to the individual citizen .
We all know that a common European defence would cost a fair amount of money .
I dare not even imagine what it would mean for the candidate countries .
It is crucial that the EU send out a signal that we desire enlargement for our own sakes .
It is , of course , the countries themselves that must hold the debates on membership , but it is also our task to ensure that the conditions are of such a kind that this development is perceived as progress by the populations of the candidate countries too and that they are not given the feeling that it is a case of the strong riding roughshod over the weak .
Enlargement must therefore be based upon mutuality , respect and equality .
Above all , we must , for our part , understand that there will naturally be changes to the way in which the EU develops once new countries and people come on board .
First topic : there are still major deficiencies in the social sphere , including in the country I myself am monitoring , namely Latvia .
That is why we must not forget the social dialogue .
Second topic : there is a positive spirit at present , and this must continue .
It will have its shortcomings ; there will be untidiness and incoherence ; there will be lengthy transitional arrangements ; and there will be no thorough agricultural reform and no complete structural reform .
I believe , however , that we must contrive to show magnanimity and that we are obliged to accept that enlargement will be messy and untidy .
Naturally , we must comply with the Copenhagen criteria , but we must count on enlargement ' s not being as seamless as we perhaps might have hoped .
I hope that we go for major enlargement , show magnanimity and obtain the 'big bang ' in 2003