Mr Solana , you will not be a Lord Grey in any sense ; you are very welcome here .
Right now , a lot of energy is being spent on crisis management , something you talked a lot about .
Yes , but I think our citizens want us to be able to intervene before crises break out at all .
I would mention in this context that the Conflict Prevention Network ( CPN) , established by Michel Rocard on the initiative of the European Parliament , warned , long before the Kosovo conflict , that war was going to break out , and that a variety of visiting delegations from Parliament did the same thing .
We agree that we ought to have a more direct link between the European Union and its citizens when it comes to financing the EU' s budget and that we ought to be increasing the Union ' s economic independence step by step .
In view of the lack of confidence in the European Union , as evidenced by , among other things , the low turnout at the election , and in view of the importance of preserving the EU' s character as a union both of citizens and of Member States , we consider that it would be wrong to aim now for a financially autonomous EU or one which is totally independent of contributions from the Member States .
- ( SV ) The EU will be faced with having to make very large financial investments when , in different rounds , ten or more countries from Eastern and Central Europe and from the Baltic region become members .
How , then , is the enlargement of the EU to be financed ?
As long as almost half the EU' s budget goes on subsidising agriculture and as long as five sixths of it , including the structural funds , goes on subsidies of one kind or another , there can be no doubt that changes still need to be made .
The Haug report does not involve our automatically introducing taxation by the EU , but it opens the way for a debate on the subject .
As long as almost half the EU' s budget goes on subsidising agriculture and as long as five sixths of it , including the structural funds , goes on subsidies of one kind or another , there can be no doubt that changes still need to be made .
I am taking this matter up because I think it is important that we have some accepted form of procedure in view of what happened in my own case during the last parliamentary term .
Or can you proceed in this fairly lax way and continually add a whole lot of texts to the minutes about what you think or do not think ?
It is a much more reliable guarantee than stubborn persistence with our own protective system .
We shall take account , perhaps to a still greater extent , of the environment , public health , animal protection and multi-functionality - that is to say diversity - in the countryside and in agriculture .
One commentator even believes that the Chinese Communist Party ' s monopoly on power will be broken because membership of the World Trade Organisation means freedom of communication , including by means of unchecked Internet contacts .
We can only hope that this will be the case .
I really hope therefore that , in its negotiations with China , the European Commission will take account of all the social and ecological aspects of the issue which the Americans clearly cared not one little bit about when they negotiated with the Chinese .
I agree with parts of these criticisms but I do not draw the conclusion that we do not need a new trade round .
Allow me to consider two special aspects of what we are discussing .
They say that trade should help the poorest countries to get out of the situation they are in .
Increased trade can , of course , have a positive effect on the environment , for example through the transfer of technology adapted to environmental requirements .
I believe - and this is an important conclusion - that , parallel to our making the World Trade Organisation "greener " , we must also strengthen the international conventions on the environment .
Attacks against the World Trade Organisation are significant , and the trade disputes we are experiencing and being drawn into are alarming .
I would therefore emphasise the contributions of free trade to reducing poverty and encouraging growth and the processes of democratisation .
In this way , they have been able to create prosperity in a very much better way than they would have done by means of endless subsidies from the rich man ' s table .
Mr President , when , on 9 November 1989 , freedom-loving people climbed over the Iron Curtain , history was changed dramatically .
It has already taken far too long .
For us liberals , there is nothing more important than creating a unified Europe in which we solve problems together in a civilised way .
All too many people feel that the EU does not engage hearts and minds .
Simplification , openness , clarity and public scrutiny must be the watchwords .
All democratic forces must be involved and citizens must have the opportunity to participate and say their piece .
Mr President , the turnout at this year ' s election for the European Parliament fell in almost all Member States where other elections had not been arranged at the same time .
Power is to be transferred to bodies for which democratic support is weaker , for example , the European Parliament , or else non-existent , for example the Commission or the European Court of Justice .
The Commission subsequently submitted to