It needs a more united Europe because we have to harmonise our criminal justice systems , which are unfortunately highly diverse , and we have to be sure of the legal positions when – and let us emphasise this – we respect the independence of the judiciary .
We are aware that Ministers at the Ecofin Council meeting are preparing the text for the reform , but Parliament must not opt out of the debate .
However , during the course of the debate , this balance has been lost and can only be restored if we behave reasonably , as recommended by Mrs Lulling earlier .
It is not reasonable to approve a report which does not face up to the need for greater coordination of the economic policies of Member States , nor can we agree that a statement of this sort goes against the autonomy of the monetary authorities .
Mr Sterckx stated that we all agreed with the aim of having a single EU format , although some differences undoubtedly exist .
Thus , we need to harmonise not only a document – it is not just a question of switching from a paper licence to a plastic one – but also people’s performance at the wheel .
It is no longer acceptable to conceive of Europeans who have been granted their driving licences under different rules , having fulfilled very different requirements , driving on the same roads .
In that respect , I believe it should be noted that in some countries people are allowed access to small motorcycles at a younger age than in others .
Overall , I think that it is a great step forwards in terms of freedom of movement , of reducing the possibility of fraud and of attempting to improve road safety .
In general , the step-up approach is worthwhile , but the report introduces excessive regulation which does not improve the Commission ’s proposal and does not lead any closer to the goal of harmonisation .
Within this framework , other colleagues in the Socialist Group in the European Parliament and I are tabling some amendments .
Ten years on from the Barcelona Intergovernmental Conference in 1995 , although the results have essentially not lived up to the expectations created by this process , we must , in any case , acknowledge the progress made with regard to mutual relations and the improved application of the MEDA programme .
We would therefore invite the Commission and the Council to take greater account of the role of the Euro-Mediterranean Parliamentary Assembly , a fundamental democratic instrument which should be supported and strengthened , and which was established through the efforts of men like Mr Renzo Imbeni .
We wish to remain optimistic , however , and we welcome the positive signals coming from that area .
On the other hand , we must mention a positive accomplishment : the launch of the Anna Lindh Foundation , based in Alexandria in Egypt .
Here there is nothing to clarify but we have a political and moral duty to voice a firm condemnation .
In the Amazon , where 20 % of the entire planet’s freshwater flows every day , tens of thousands of people in Manaus have no access to drinking water because the service has been privatised .
Everyone is aware of the merit of the proposal and it is commendable that we have managed to reach an honourable compromise between the Commission , the Council and Parliament , which means that Parliament can vote – I hope with the broadest possible majority – for this report .
Outlawed .
The number of people living in extreme poverty has risen – and I do not intend to bore you with details or numbers , because you already have them – but , as stated in the New York Declaration , the greatest scandal is not so much that hunger and poverty exist , but that this problem persists despite there being the necessary human and material resources to tackle it .
Likewise , declarations of principle must be followed up with tangible actions , including the doubling of contributions for development .
Ladies and gentlemen , we have the noble goal of helping poor countries .
This would be a great help , and in some ways an extension of the scholarships and financial assistance we offer for them to come here and study in our countries .
More than 60 countries may be cut out of the market to make room for the giant China , whose competitiveness is not only based on low wages – they are far lower in Vietnam and Cambodia – but also on more advanced factories and a steadily improving transport network .
The contradictions which have emerged from this work represent a challenge as to how we can , on the one hand , play our part so as not to ruin these economies while ensuring , on the other , that our countries ’ economies as well can be evaluated differently .
Along with the call to tighten corporate social responsibility , we will have to make the public more aware of ethical purchases , through special campaigns .
They close their factories and lay off their workers , thus becoming vendors of products that are placed on the market at high prices even though they are of terrible quality .
We look forward to a reassuring answer , Commissioner ; otherwise , we shall be forced to think that , as Europe progresses , some manufacturing industries in Europe including Italy , – as it concerns me directly to a great extent – will be forced to shut up shop and wave goodbye to social cohesion and the European model .     – Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the report by the Textile High Level Group contains indications for seven