I would also like to point out the importance of incentives for the private sector and a comprehensive , cross-cutting strategy for achieving European innovation policy as a priority .
It is now to be expected that certain aspects of the proposed Action Plan for Innovation to be presented shortly will be taken up again and implemented .
The elimination of poverty is the main objective set by the Treaty of Lisbon for EU cooperation and development policies , and given that this is a moral duty whose long-term usefulness for EU interests is vital , I believe that prioritising this objective within our foreign policy is crucial .
The number of people having to endure extreme poverty has fallen from 1.8 billion to 1.4 billion .
I would like to call for additional funds to be earmarked for developing countries .
New financing mechanisms which do not translate into higher taxes at this time of crisis need to be explored .
However , the world is not like that , and this message cannot be applied to the complex economic and social reality of the world today .
It is up to us , however , to make the world a fairer and safer place where everyone can live with a modicum of dignity .
I voted in favour of the Cashman report because there is still a long way to go before we can achieve the Millennium Development Goals .
I cannot help but be disappointed that under the guise of his stated good intentions , the rapporteur is seeking to have this House adopt a resolution which , in blatant violation of the powers of the Member States and third states in these matters , advocates the promotion of abortion as a means to achieving the Millennium Development Goals .
Much still remains to be done , and much support must be given if less developed countries are to achieve the MDGs of eradicating poverty and providing access to education and health care services .
The report acknowledges that we are a long way from achieving these goals , which in themselves were limited .
This means that it must take on its responsibilities and play a leading role in the high-level meeting of the UN which is to take place in September 2010 .
We have said on numerous occasions that we do not want the costs of this amendment , of this adjustment , to be borne by the weakest .
That is why you should not set yourself up in opposition to stable and sound macro-economic policies , and concern for poverty and the most vulnerable .
For this very reason , I have sometimes felt that there is a distinct conflict between the protection which consumers need and the protection of investors , which is also necessary .
My thanks to everyone involved .
This is the case with unequal pay between men and women , which is over 17 % on average , and indirect discrimination , which tends to worsen when employment rises , affecting women and young girls .
This requires an urgent response .
We also advocate the Council 's adoption of the Commission 's new proposal on the Strategy for Equality , having consulted Parliament .
Please be sure to consider the recommendations that we have made here .
In this context , there are well-founded fears that many Member States might reduce funding for the social sector , once again affecting predominantly women .
All of those here can rise to this challenge and put them into practice .
Firstly , the evaluation procedure .
Approval of this decision is therefore a first step towards the abolition of checks at internal borders with Bulgaria and Romania .
It is imperative , then , that the agreement between Parliament and the Council is concluded as quickly as possible regarding the transfer of confidential documents .
The conditions for giving the green light to Romania and Bulgaria in the field of data protection have thus been verified .
Firstly , to express my thanks for the kind words of my fellow Members and the excellent cooperation on the part of my shadow rapporteurs and , secondly , to stress that there is a large consensus which says yes to these initiatives , but also to demand that Parliament be informed within six months as to the follow-up for the recommendations , which are not yet fully realised .
Above all , however , it must be a European system of evaluation which does not operate according to two standards .
We are well aware of the meaning and implications of this approach : greater pressure on the job market , on the labour force - in the sense of devaluing it and intensifying exploitation - and on the social protection , health and education systems .
The semi-enclosed nature of the Baltic Sea and the maritime traffic passing through it have led to the accumulation of large amounts of pollutants of various origins .
The Union 's participation will be as much as EUR 50 million throughout the implementation phase and will match the contributions of the participating states in order to increase their interest in carrying out the programme jointly .
It should also be pointed out that I agree with Russia 's involvement in this issue , since it is a major contributor to the pollution of the Baltic Sea .
Moreover , the regulation stipulates that the Authority will undertake the tasks attributed to it with regard to the Commission 's role as manager and will act in accordance with guidelines issued by the Commission , which is obliged to inform the European Parliament and the Council on the consequences of adopting accreditation decisions for the harmonious development of programmes .
As we have some doubts about what is proposed , we decided to abstain in the final vote .
It is also fully consistent with Europe 's 'EU