The communities I represent demand that the Commission returns to the negotiating table to conclude the fishing agreement with Morocco .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , Commissioner , as you know , this matter is of particular concern to Portugal and to Portuguese fishermen , particularly in the Sesimbra and Algarve regions .
I should also like to remind you , on this subject , of what the resolution adopted in this Parliament in 1999 said : ever-closer cooperation between the European Union and Morocco cannot exclude existing relations in the field of fisheries , I should also like to know what support measures for converting the fishing fleet are being put in place .
I hope that the European Union will draw conclusions from this episode , both for its future cooperation with Morocco and for its own common fisheries policy .
The failure of these negotiations must give the European Union food for thought with regard to the future of its common fisheries policy .
Is it possible to find out the real reasons for this refusal ?
This is the viewpoint we should adopt when considering the failure of this agreement with Morocco .
This is undoubtedly true , and the Union has lost credibility in the eyes of the Portuguese people - and of the Spanish people too , I presume - and this is the main political concern that I wish to highlight .
In addition to extending aid , it is becoming crucial that the European Union guarantees compensation support for the fleet , to the fishermen and the areas affected , by supporting a programme of converting the boats that fished in Moroccan waters , guaranteeing the relocation to other fishing grounds covered by Community fisheries agreements and , of course , by considering changing the common fisheries policy .
It is also significant that no practical measures have been proposed on the 'offshore ' issue , the breaking of banking confidentiality during a judicial inquiry or even on the situation of assets acquired through money laundering , which is a criminal act , to prevent the use of financial funds created by such activity , at the inquiry stage .
Nevertheless , this report was framed during a broader discussion of animal feedingstuffs , on which the Commission made a statement regarding the options for encouraging the planting of protein crops in the EU , taking account of the Agricultural Council of December 2000 , which bans the use of animal meal in feedingstuffs for breeding animals , and insists on the need to replace animal protein with vegetable protein .
This is an unacceptable position , which we should reject , although we support the report , for which we have voted .
The rapporteur proposes increasing Community cofinancing from 30 % to 35 % in training and investment actions , with 100 % financing of eligible expenditure disbursed by the Member States for control and surveillance activities under EU participation in regional fishing organisations .
The rapporteur ' s proposal , which I support , seeks to open up the same opportunity for conventional livestock farms and for farms covered by any agro-environmental programme in order to achieve a broad concept of fodder legumes , bearing in mind the importance , as we proposed for Portugal , of beans , sweet lupin and yellow lupin .
The liberalisation of agriculture and the free movement of goods have increased the risk and the spread of animal diseases with a CAP that , in the name of competitiveness and constant price reduction has promoted the concentration , intensification and centralisation of production .
We need a form of farming that is sustainable and which promotes the specific characteristics of each region and a greater variety of aid for agricultural produce , bearing in mind the varying levels of agricultural development .
The Lisbon strategy to speed up liberalisation , particularly through privatising transport , postal services , electricity , gas and telecommunications , was , despite everything , consolidated at the Stockholm Council .
Secondly , and bearing in mind the extremely serious situation in the Palestinian territories , I consider the resolution ' s provisions to be quite inadequate .
This is serious because national self-interest has won the day .
The statement by the United States and the fact that COP6 part II , a conference designed to adopt the rules for implementing the Kyoto Protocol , forces the European Union to redouble its efforts and demonstrate effective leadership in this political dossier .
My fourth and final point is that the European Union must now redouble its efforts and demonstrate effective leadership , both within the European Union , by fighting against the increase in emissions that we are seeing today in most of our fifteen Member States and beyond the Union , by ensuring that Kyoto is ratified by as many countries as possible so that it can enter into force before 2002 .
The Catholic Church has also been offended by the reprehensible actions of some of its members .
This resolution could have attacked those who have violated and betrayed the service of God .
I voted against the proposal .
We have maintained good relations with all the non-governmental organisations in Mexico , which is an ally of ours .
What I particularly want to say for the moment is that we are encouraging and supporting this dialogue , because dialogue undertaken in accordance with the rules of democracy is the only instrument that can help to find a solution to problems .
Mr President , Commissioner , Mrs Miguélez Ramos , the fisherman' s profession or vocation , call it what you will , has always been one of the toughest and most dangerous in the world .
This is not an empty rhetorical exercise .
This is also why the agreement can and must set an example for the other countries in the Balkans