and Parliament , we need confidentiality .
This is something that we have to address seriously in the future .
I congratulate the Portuguese Presidency for the way they conducted the conciliation , but I hope that Parliament will be able to improve this situation internally for the future .
( Applause ) ( Parliament approved the joint text ) Report ( A5-0212/2000 ) by Mr Florenz , on behalf of the European Parliament Delegation to the Conciliation Committee , on the joint text approved by the Conciliation Committee for a European Parliament and Council directive on end-of-life vehicles ( C5-0258/2000 - 1997/0194(COD ) ) ( Parliament approved the joint text ) Recommendation for second reading ( A5-0218/00 ) by Mr de Roo , on behalf of the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Policy , on the common position adopted by the Council with a view to adopting a European Parliament and Council directive amending Council Directive 92/23/EEC relating to tyres for motor vehicles and their trailers and to their fitting ( 5347/2/00 - C5-0220/2000 - 1997/0348( COD ) )
Mr President , over one hundred years ago , European colonial powers divided tribal lands in Africa to establish national boundaries .
African countries inherited the legacy of tribal conflict as major tribes sought to dominate national politics .
Some examples are the Afars and Issas in Djibouti , the Kikuyu and Luo in Kenya and the Hutu and Tutsi in Rwanda and Burundi .
I believe the EU has to focus on how the ruling elite , the Tutsis in Burundi , can be persuaded to reconcile and cooperate with the majority Hutu to achieve peace .
The EU must insist that neighbouring countries do not interfere in Burundi and EU aid to them should be conditional on their cooperation .
This Parliament and the European Commission can help Burundi and this resolution is a very good step in that direction .
Mr President , the resolution that we have before us today is not intended in any way to criticise the key actors namely the Bhutanese or Nepalese Governments in the process of finding a solution for the 96 000 Nepalese speaking Bhutanese refugees living in the camps .
There have been 17 000 children born in those camps over the last ten years .
This resolution seeks to encourage initiatives and action and ask the Commission to help perhaps with financial mechanisms to support the re-settlement of these people .
We welcome the fact that Japan has donated USD 1.3 million to the refugees , and that USD 1 million has been forthcoming from world food programmes .
But the people in those camps would prefer to be re-settled back in their homelands and not have that money .
They sent us this memorandum asking our support for action to solve their problem and to have justice .
In it they say " we pray at your end , honourable European Parliamentarians , that justice may prevail on us " .
That is what we are doing here today .
Let us hope that our resolution will bring some justice to these people , will help them re-settle in their homelands and achieve some results .
Mr President , earlier this year , I had the honour to be part of a delegation from the European Parliament to New Delhi and Nepal .
Arising from our visit and in particular our visit to the refugee camps in eastern Nepal , the delegation gave a commitment that they would do everything possible to raise the issue of the continuing plight of the Bhutanese refugees in Nepal .
I would like to assure the Members of the House that the refugees are fully aware of , and greatly value and appreciate , the earlier efforts of the European Parliament in drawing attention to their situation .
This was clearly demonstrated to us during our visit to the region , and our resolve to continue to encourage an agreement now between Bhutan and Nepal is as strong as ever .
The influx of Bhutanese refugees into Nepal began in late 1991 and the fear of diminishing international attention , therefore , is always present .
The refugees have been waiting for the last ten years for an amicable and permanent solution to the crisis .
As Ms McCarthy has said - very many of them want to go home .
There have been numerous bilateral talks but so far a final political settlement has not been secured .
In New York , the United Nations Millennium Summit is taking place as we speak and it offers the Prime Ministers of Bhutan and Nepal an opportunity to come together and to demonstrate their commitment to the ideas of peace and tolerance by agreeing to an early solution to the problem of Bhutanese refugees in Nepal .
This would be a fitting way to mark the UN 's Millennium Summit .
I hope they will be given every encouragement to do so .
One of the crucial issues to be decided is the definition of the family unit for verification purposes .
Nepal has accepted a compromise put forward by the UNHCR who has been playing an important role in seeking to help to resolve the impasse .
I strongly urge the Bhutanese authorities to accept the compromise so that field verification can begin immediately .
While the European Union remains one of the major donors , both the UNHCR and the World Food Programme are finding it increasingly difficult to raise funds to run the refugee camps .
I would urge international donors to continue to make sufficient funds available to permit the running of the camps during the negotiation and the verification process .
At the same time , I would expect the donors to insist that the Bhutanese Government facilitate a rapid repatriation of the refugees