different measures to bolster competitiveness in the sector .
We must therefore ensure that , rather than being penalised , our values and our efforts – and along with them thousands of enterprises , especially small ones , which underpin our social fabric – are instead valued and protected both internally and at an international level .
Parliament also added an obligation for the Commission to report to Parliament on the application of the directive every five years and to propose any necessary updating of the annex .
As regards the last point , the aim is not to outlaw advertising but to tighten the ban on commercial practices which could put children under undue pressure .
We just have to recall the public investment it has received , starting with the Objective 2 Structural Funds – in that respect I foresee possible Commission intervention – not to mention the recent commitment by the Italian Government to guarantee its power supply on economically favourable terms until the required new power plant is built .
The Terni affair , Mr President , does not just involve Italy .
The fact is that the decision to close down the magnetic steel division is causing serious employment problems and having adverse repercussions on the whole plant and the Terni area .
Why , then , has it been making stainless steel in a decades-old plant for the last three years while a new plant , just three years old , has hardly been used at all ?
I think everyone now knows that it is hard to find a kilo of steel of any kind , because the market is showing clear signs of a severe shortage of materials , soaring prices , and worldwide production capacity fully saturated for a long time .
We believe that dialogue between the parties is essential in order to find solutions to the current problems .
These are genuine reference models for the whole world .
Indeed , although we may be discussing Terni , a small town in Italy , we are actually debating the future of the whole of Europe .
The situation is even more tragic and unacceptable when one thinks of the dignity of those European citizens and their families who have been protesting for more than a year , and of the rules for social dialogue in Europe , for which all the Community institutions have pleaded so hard , especially the Commission .
There is a long list of companies that have made considerable profits in part through the sacrifice , commitment and professionalism of their workers , and have then chosen to relocate , often to non-EU countries , unscrupulously dumping the resulting job and social crisis on the Member States .
This Parliament , which has the specific duty to represent the rights and expectations of European citizens , must have the courage to send the Commission a strong , unified document that does not ignore the crucial question of relocation , which is putting the future of Europe’s economy at stake .
All these commitments have been ignored in favour of Far Eastern scenarios .
Commissioner , raising our voice to seek and to demand immediate , concrete solutions along these lines is our political duty , in order to preserve and protect a section of our economic network .
It must be a Europe in which labour as an abstract concept is obviously important , but where human beings are also important ; a Europe in which the company ’s interests count , but so do those of the workers .
The problem of Terni , Commissioner , is the problem of Italian and European industry as a whole .
The Terni case is , in many ways , just the tip of the iceberg .
The exceptional mobilisation of the workers and citizens of Terni and Umbria , as previously referred to , played a leading part in that political process .
That explains the importance of the agenda on which we shall be voting tomorrow .
The decisive measures adopted by the Italian Government in support of the Terni steelworks and the attention given by all the Institutions have served little purpose .
All of that has now happened and , furthermore , very little has been done in terms of the Lisbon objectives .
We therefore need to make up for lost time , considering that half of the time laid down for them has already passed .
We must have a presence in the new sectors , adopt innovative measures and provide conventional manufacturing businesses with a new competitive capacity if we do not wish to sit idly by as Europe undergoes full deindustrialisation .
The document calls for additional funding within the Seventh Framework Programme for the European Research Council .
These cuts are likely to have negative repercussions on the ‘research appropriations ’ item .
We must draw on principles such as non-violence , democracy , tolerance , solidarity , dialogue , respect and justice as a whole , without choosing , as often happens , however , easier or more convenient struggles with regard to upholding peoples ’ right to self-determination .
I do not know whether the Commission has any information that has not yet been made public which enables him to state that it was an unfortunate incident and not something more serious .
It is important to bear in mind that the proposal has been drawn up on the basis of voluntary agreements made within the European Gas Regulatory Forum , which will become binding through this regulation .
However , I do not think his answer was a sufficient response to the question put to him .
By adopting this approach we would be genuinely encouraging not a restriction on companies ’ freedom to make profits , which should be left unaltered , but what is commonly called ‘corporate social responsibility’ .
