call new economic reforms .
The stability pact must be made more flexible and at least preserve public investment when there are excessive deficits , and this is an expenditure which is an essential element for the future development of the Union and also , in the short term , an element which will increase and stimulate economic activity .
Otherwise , enlargement will not be possible in 2004 .
The problem will be what to do next .
The construction of this area of freedom must also be an opportunity to achieve a very high degree of harmonisation of legal guarantees .
Accordingly , the initiative of creating the Euro-Mediterranean Development Bank seems to us to be a positive one .
Mr Aznar , my political group has strongly supported the Convention .
Mr President , Happy New Year to everybody and congratulations to our President .
At the end of this week you will have 10 % less time left in the term of your European Union presidency .
And I therefore believe that the ambitiousness of the Spanish Presidency ' s objectives - any one of them could be described as historic - quite rightly reflects this fact .
Ladies and gentlemen , the negotiations for the enlargement of the European Union - some of the most important chapters of which , as has been said , will be dealt with in the coming months - should not in any way become polluted by domestic debates .
To this end , it is not just necessary to move ahead with the institutional reforms of the CFSP in order to make it more efficient and visible inside and outside our borders , but we must also improve the instruments which the European Union already has , such as the Community external service .
Others may show some .
Please commit yourself , Mr President , to making all the coordination methods relating to these social agenda strategies increasingly Community methods .
I will tell you now that we will not judge you by the number of meetings you hold in six months , but we will judge you on the results .
More Europe also means a Europe that is more active in the defence of human rights .
That the Euro-Mediterranean Council serves to promote a new stage in the process begun , also under a Spanish Presidency , in Barcelona in 1995 , in order to ensure greater and better cooperation between the European Union and the third countries of the Mediterranean .
European integration today means strengthening freedoms , isolating intolerance and making that integration compatible with the necessary fight against terrorism .
Take that political and social reality further .
Mr President , I would like to say that the Spanish Presidency has a series of objectives which are being presented straight away , both in terms of the internal dimension of the project and of its external dimension .
Mr President , I would like to say a couple of things about Latin America .
I must remind you that , in our European sphere , in all the pillars of the Community edifice , we have maintenance problems .
Mr President-in-Office of the Council , you have just referred to 'more Europe ' and the fight against terrorism as two of your great objectives , and I share them and wish you every success .
In Laeken , an assessment was also made of the implementation of the Tampere agenda .
Having adopted the most important instruments for fighting terrorism , we must now see that they are applied .
Mr President , on seeing the stars on the European flag , I believe that some people have mistaken our forum and have come here to make narrow-minded statements .
From this point of view , the European Parliament will add to the good initiatives of a Presidency which has ambition and vision .
The Presidency ' s programme also talks about the outermost regions .
I would like you to make that explicit commitment here , thereby helping this sector to recover its fighting spirit and confidence .
How much cooperation will there be with Latin America and with the countries of the Mediterranean , with an integrated approach between trade relations and the fight against poverty ?
The results of this political action at European level could not be more heartening .
I must of course , say , however , that , in general terms , I have the feeling that the basic elements of the issues , the objectives and the hopes that we , the various institutions and Europe ' s citizens in general share are or can , quite reasonably , be promoted for the future , when it comes to putting our ideas and our plans into practice .
I should like to focus my speech , if I may , on the Presidency ' s objectives and work programme and on no other matter .
Secondly , this is a very important opportunity from the economic point of view .
All of these ambitions provide us with a crucial opportunity .
We must ask ourselves if in general terms , the European Union is capable at this historic juncture of dealing with the task in hand .
There cannot be - and indeed there are none - half-way houses in the fight against terrorism , because there are no half-way houses between life and death , between legality and lawlessness , between respect for the law and complicity with terrorism .
Mr President , I wish to tell you that , in this context , we can move ahead with the creation of the International Criminal Court , with improving the instruments of international legal security .
This is clearly the path we need to take .
This is why Barcelona , at this juncture , now that the euro has been introduced , represents an absolutely crucial challenge .
