The matter could be taken up with the big shipping companies operating in Europe and one could attempt to have them realize their responsibility , the obligation they have , with us , to ensure the maritime future of Europe .
Madam President , I would like to take this opportunity to wish Nuala Ahern luck with her report which , on significant points , tightens up on the agreement which must now be considered .
There is broad unanimity about democratization and opening up of the negotiations taking place in the EU , so it is difficult to understand why the European Parliament was not formally involved in this decision-making process .
The need for the European Parliament 's involvement is particularly important in view of the imminent agreements between Euratom and third-world countries .
I also subscribe to the argument that the new agreement between Euratom and the USA does not seem to contribute to reducing the so-called plutonium economy .
If anything this will lead to a greater overall spreading of the risk , and I note that this is also contrary to Parliament 's decision to extend the non-proliferation agreement in the context of developing alternative , sustainable energy sources .
Mr President , it is my view that the European Parliament took a very wrong decision yesterday .
A majority of the House 's members voted in favour of the urgent handling of the Commission 's proposal for new state aid to a number of shipyards in Germany , Spain and Greece .
We have no opportunity for discussing the proposal , let alone for proposing amendments .
Firstly , the proposal goes against all logic .
It is therefore quite illogical that the same Commission should now seek to legalize aid in the sum of over ECU 1 billion .
Denmark is one of those countries in which healthy , competent shipyards will be hard hit .
Fourthly , the proposal will have unforeseeable consequences for the EU 's cooperation with the OECD.
This agreement has now been broken , and already the USA has protested to the EU.
The proposal submitted will damage the EU 's credibility with our people because they will see it as unjust , and it will harm the EU 's international reputation .
I therefore urge that we vote against the proposal .
Mr President , this proposal is being handled on the basis of the wrong principles .
This also illustrates the fact that we are not properly fulfilling our role as legislators .
Should the Fincantieri shipyards in Italy , the Le Havre shipyard in France and the Svendborg shipyard in Denmark now come forward with a request to the Commission to obtain aid for their survival ?
Should they now spoil the OECD agreements ?
It is pure selfishness .
This is not European cooperation .
It is just that some are profiting from others .
I cannot vote in favour of the proposal , but hope that our amendments will be accepted .
Mr President , I have heard the Commissioner thank Parliament for its positive approach , so I would also like to make it clear to the Commissioner that the positive approach was that 133 of the 626 members were for the motion , and that it was only one of the group rapporteurs who spoke in favour of it today .
In my opinion , this is one of the things that the subsidiarity principle should be used for - to ensure that our citizens have as much influence as possible on the decisions taken , that they have as much opportunity as possible to decide for themselves , and that in any case they are enabled to understand what is going on .
I would therefore call for the discussions to be continued here in Parliament , in the Commission , and elsewhere .
The Commission 's proposal to include livestock in the directive on organic production is of course a response to consumer demand - a demand which has been intensified by the BSE crisis .
With this proposal , we have a chance to give many farmers the incentive to switch to organic methods , while at the same time benefiting the environment .
That is why it is so important that in the rules we lay down for organic farming in Europe , there is a proper balance between conversion time and quality assessment .
In my opinion , the rules should not make being a farmer almost a pipe dream - no , they should make it possible for many farmers to earn their living from organic methods .
There is a great demand among consumers for goods which are not genetically modified .
In my view , this is a wish we should support , because these will be the only goods where we know that , in any event , no genetically modified organisms have been used .
I should also like to say that consumers must naturally have an assurance that the goods they buy as organic really are organic products .
I think this is extremely important if we are to have any hope of creating confidence in this respect .
In conclusion , I would say that I think the report which the rapporteur has produced is a good one , and we should join with the many others in thanking her once again .
Mr President , I shall not deal at any length with the first amendment , which the committee 's chairman has explained extremely well , but just say something on the subject of taxes and openness .
We all know , and the Commissioner better than anyone , that it appears almost impossible to have anything unanimously adopted , and so what we can at least hope for is that the individual countries will have the opportunity to apply some kind of economic incentives , so that we can gain experience of