, too , am concerned that sustainability should be placed at the heart of the project and that it should , so to speak , be one of the screening criteria for what we want to do .
In response to our objections and to the request for clarification which we put to Mr Van Miert , to find out what the exceptional grounds were for selecting this project , it was explained that the Italian Government had put forward strong arguments for it , to the effect that this bridge would save 5.5 million Sicilians from isolation .
I fully agreed with the first part of Mr Oreja Arburúa 's speech , but then he appeared to take a step backwards regarding the need to make committee debates public too , which are much more like proper debates than the debates in the Chamber and are certainly much more of a political exercise .
Transparency and access to documents are not just a slogan - they mean , first and foremost , democratic control on the part of the citizens .
Thus , democracy is being prevented from working as it should .
.
I have therefore attempted to strike a balance between what it is possible to do technically , without going too far below an acceptable level of quality , and what needs to be done , for precisely the reasons just mentioned .
I do not feel it would be appropriate to lay down further requirements , and that is why I call upon the House to vote against Amendment No 20 .
- ( IT ) Mr President , while the Commissioner takes note of the matter , I would like to say that I agree with Mrs Corbey .
I must say that we received proof of how wide this awareness is when , at the time of the election of a new Ombudsman , a large number of candidates were put forward to the European Parliament .
He has shown very willing and his previous experience as a national ombudsman will stand him in good stead .
This growth in the number of petitions and in the number of signatories shows the extent to which this House and the European Institutions are providing increasing guarantees where citizens ' problems are concerned .
There must , therefore , be continual checks to monitor the adherence of the institutions to the mandate conferred on them by the citizens , and this will only be possible if we succeed in strengthening the role of these bodies designed to protect the citizens .
If the secretariat is to remain , with the same structure , then the Committee on Petitions cannot deal with anything else .
How can we not wonder what the solution to this situation is and how it will develop ?
The erratum uses the phrase 'discuss the European Parliament 's participation' , while the original text says 'support ' such participation .
In March 2003 , we initiated an evaluation process with a view to forming an overall picture of regulation of the liberal professions and its effects across the countries of the European Union .
This exercise takes two aspects into account : firstly , precisely because the liberal professions have a key impact on the competitiveness of other sectors , it is important to consider the economic consequences that regulation may have on production and on efficiency , price levels and employment ; secondly , as the authors of the question have implied , it is vital to take into account non-economic aspects and accordingly to accurately assess the justification for various types of regulation .
Lastly , Mr President , I would like to remind the House that , in response to a proposal from my colleague , Commissioner Bolkestein , the Commission , on 7 March 2002 , adopted a proposal for a directive on the recognition of professional qualifications , the main aim of which , in view of the decisions of the Lisbon European Council , is to consolidate the 15 existing directives in this area and to increase the mobility of skills .
As you know , Mr Lehne , Mr Zappalà and other Members have been working in my committee for over a year on a directive on professional qualifications , and we are , therefore , very familiar with the specific , exceptional nature of the liberal professions .
As stated in the Treaty , Commissioner Monti , the general interest mission of the liberal professions may also justify certain limits to the rules of competition .
But the hallmark of the liberal professions in Europe , and , particularly , in some countries such as Italy , is that they are the least liberalised of all .
Secondly , a great deal of alarm has been caused in Europe , and particularly in my own country , by the Commissioner 's various initiatives in terms of a series of research studies , of statistical data on charging structures and behavioural methodologies .
Certainly , when we talk about competition we cannot talk in terms of prices but we should talk in terms of quality .
All the speakers have pointed out , with different emphases , that the liberal professions are well-rooted in history  – Mr Gargani spoke eloquently on this subject  – and that we need to strike a balance between sets of contrasting concepts : self-regulation and public regulation ; the market and non-market considerations ; specificity and , notwithstanding , endeavours to generate greater mobility in Europe .
Indeed , in both cases , we have to recognise demands that go beyond purely market considerations and , in both cases , I believe there is room , with due regard for those demands , for attempting to increase competition and efficiency .
I can assure you , Mr President , that I will do everything in my power to avoid this happening again .
