Recital P reads : 'whereas , in considering budget implementation in 2000 , the fundamental question is to establish , firstly , the Community management features which should be the basis for effectiveness but are deficient , and , secondly , the components within the system which are conducive to fraud and irregularity ? .
The EU was not established just a couple of years ago .
This system has been in place since 1957 , and it is wholly unsatisfactory that , year after year , we should write these reports , clearly and emphatically pointing out the errors , but that nothing improves .
Next year , we shall write something which , for a change , resembles what we are writing this year , and then still give discharge .
Financial management and the legislation itself are unacceptably bad .
It is not good enough for so much of European taxpayers ' money to disappear due to fraud and irregularities .
This cannot be the price of cooperation in Europe .
The sanctions applied at present are inadequate and should therefore be extended .
We wish to support the Danish initiative in the Council and to reject the Commission 's proposal for a directive , together with the 'unionisation ' of criminal law under the first pillar .
- ( DA ) It is a sad fact that , to the detriment of the environment , environmental legislation is not satisfactorily complied with in the Member States .
If we have nonetheless voted today against the two reports on protection of the environment through criminal law , it is because we want this extension of sanctions and environmental protection to take place through an approximation of the penal regulations under the third pillar .
I am nonetheless aware of the fact that the proposal concerns an area covered by Title IV of the Treaty establishing the European Community and does not apply to Denmark , cf . the Protocol on Denmark 's position .
- ( DA ) I have today in the European Parliament voted in favour of the European Parliament 's report on examining an asylum application .
There are no practical reasons to justify the EU 's now wanting to have these resources at its disposal .
Cross-border crime could be combated through Interpol .
Instead , Europol is to be the launch pad for a European FBI .
Moreover , the purpose of the Rapid Reaction Force is not just that of peace-keeping , for that can be done through the UN and the OSCE.
The EU is to be a state with a common police force , currency and military .
We want a Europe of democracies in which independent countries cooperate on everything we cannot manage individually , but we do not want to see the EU developed into a new superpower with a superpower-style military .
It includes powerful countries which have been colonial powers in the past .
For the sake of peace too , it is better that we be satisfied with the UN , the OSCE and NATO instead of constructing a new military power .
Mr President , there is of course nothing to indicate that Sharon plans to comply with any of the requests from either the EU or the United States .
Nor is there anything at all to suggest that Israel is concerned about its reputation at the moment .
However , Israel does respect money , and the only way to put pressure upon Israel is therefore to demand preliminary talks on our trade agreements .
Like any politician , Sharon obviously wishes to be re-elected , and the prospect of re-election would fade from sight if Israelis were exposed to economic sanctions because of the way in which he governs .
All the friends I made in Israel when , in 1967 , I landed there with the first plane-full of volunteers and subsequently stayed for two years are agreed that Sharon 's state terrorism is destroying Israeli society from within , and we must therefore curb Sharon for Israel 's sake too .
And when does the EU plan to call a spade a spade and designate as terrorism what Sharon and his soldiers and settlers are doing , namely killing thousands of civilians and innocent people - men , women and children .
Like Palestine , Chechnya is a country occupied by a strong and sizeable superior force .
It is quite clear that both Israel and Russia are exploiting a situation in which the United States has declared war on terrorism and , under cover of this , are waging a war against a whole people ; a war , moreover , that resembles ethnic cleansing .
I think we should remember that there was no terrorism in Chechnya when , in 1991 , the country made use of the law of 16 December 1966 - which said that countries within the Federation too were entitled to independence - to acquire independence from Russia .
At that time there was no terrorism but , from 1994 , Russia has done everything it can to prevent such independence .
Terrorism does not come about of itself .
Certain population groups obviously do not have special genes which make them behave differently to the rest of us .
It is important that we take a decision to invite Mr Maskhadov and Mr Putin to Strasbourg in September .
I think we must demand open access for the humanitarian organisations and news media so that the information war is not a factor operating to the Chechens ' disadvantage .
Unless they have that sense , I do not believe we shall get very far either with the fight for democracy and human rights or with the fight against terrorism .
Mr President , I should also like to thank the rapporteur for a sound and well-balanced report which expresses the greater