Further , since Directive 91/439 deals only with the issue of driving licences , action should be taken at European level to harmonize provisions governing their withdrawal in connection with offences committed in a Member State other than the Member State of issue ; these problems are closely linked to Parliament 's repeated calls for the introduction of a European penalty points driving licence system .
First of all , the possibility of granting Community aid directly to the world of production via the producers ' organizations .
It is not possible , however , to agree - and this is therefore not a really positive aspect - with the Commission 's policy line of reducing the amount of aid over the next five seasons .
On the one hand , therefore , loss of jobs , loss of services to citizens , loss of the European social model , and on the other not even more work and , probably , not even enough replacement work .
At the Conference of Presidents last Thursday , it was agreed to start the debate at 4.30 p.m. to comply with the Council 's request , but not that it should only go on for an hour , till 5.30 p.m.
For example , we ought to think carefully about the right to life and human rights as regards what is going on in the field of bio-ethics , finding free expression and new language so that new ways of thinking can be continually opened up .
I present just one symbolic case : the issue of justice in our countries .
It is an all-embracing report which leaves no stone unturned in its general approach and in the particular issues dealt with , even if we would have preferred a more distinct identification of violations of human rights , both inside and outside the Community .
We think it is right to retable the amendment which provides additional measures for the sector .
I think we are all aware that we are seriously behind the times .
So we cannot be tied to the categories and instruments of the past .
Secondly , citizens must be guaranteed parity of access - that is in the text of our resolution - to works and services deemed to be of public interest .
Finally we are aware , fifth point and here I will close , that to resolve the questions already mentioned , we need more than a careful and precise set of legal standards , which is necessary , more than the consistent application of the international conventions - I am thinking of the Berne Convention , Article 6b , and the need to ensure that every country conforms to it - we need Europe to speak with one voice and act with one will at the international level , especially , but not only , in dealings with the United States , to ensure that these Conventions are applied .
Our institutional role requires that we do not allow that to happen .
As a public service , the public broadcasters are located in the market and must try to compete without craving unjustified privileges .
And when I say regulatory measures I also mean regulatory measures which allow the public service to be autonomous from the market .
Therein lies the delicacy of the problem and the need to preserve a role for the public service which cannot be preserved just by applying the idea of universal service .
In a sense this report completes the debate on the Television without Frontiers directive and also the debate in this Chamber on the transmission of major sporting events .
Mr President , we entirely agree with Ms Tongue 's report on the fact that public television must exist and must be properly financed .
I wonder which European countries are really satisfied with their public television .
In calculating pensions , account must be taken of periods of inactivity in the life of a working woman , due to pregnancy and looking after small children .
But we are saying that their work contributes equally to the functioning of society and we demand that they be treated accordingly .
The directive , finally , deals with the status of the workers and with the tendency to sub-contract which is based on the principle of making to demand the work from non-national firms .
One of these illusions lies in connecting the reduction of working hours to the policy of flexibility achieved by firms , usually unilateral and diluted to the point of blurring the reduction in hours .
If the European Community can set binding targets for reducing deficits and debt for Europe , as it does , then it should also be able to set binding targets for reducing working hours in quantity and over time , so that government action and the work of social forces are concentrated on that objective .
Countries like the United States and Japan , which have not reduced working hours but actually kept them longer than in Europe , have recorded job increases .
What is needed is encouragement and incentives to the competitiveness of firms , particularly SMEs and micro-businesses .
So it is a categorical imperative for our Parliament to confront the issues and contribute to solving the unemployment emergency .
This proposal is caught between the need to protect the environment , on the one hand , and to consider the weight of existing commercial interests , on the other .
But this regulation is of fundamental importance not only for the protection of species but above all for properly organized trade , including derived products which represent billions , because alongside the legal market a huge group of illegal operations exists , comparable to the illegal traffic in drugs and arms .
The common position that has been adopted limits opportunities to make