To date , only one partnership agreement has been signed , and its voluntary nature means there is a high risk of it being circumvented and evaded in some way .
Financial services malfunctions and their considerable , harmful impact on the real economy and public finances are no longer tolerable .
With regard to ESMA , too , I have a serious reservation , and it concerns the need to rule out any suggestion of tax obligations in the form of direct taxes or contributions .
It will be the only institution with a general and complete overview of matters , and its role of supervising and coordinating the various European Supervisory Authorities ( ESAs ) will be crucial in the event of future crises or warnings .
Over the course of this crisis , some systems held up well and were not forced to request public support .
The proposal contains a whole series of innovations aimed at adapting and safeguarding the financial system in the event of future risks and crises .
By creating a new micro-prudential supervisory body , it will be possible to contain the risk of further financial crises .
This is a dubious regulation insofar as two new supervisory authorities , the macro-prudential European Systemic Risk Board ( ESRB ) and the micro-prudential European System of Financial Supervision ( ESFS) , are being created .
At a time like this in which the warning signs of this crisis were given by financial scandals and its causes were found in the fantasy land of financial engineering to the detriment of investors and their savings , I cannot but support Mrs Ferreira 's report .
Despite being against the accession of Iceland to the Union on its merits , I therefore welcome the decision to give the sovereign people the choice to accept or reject a proposal which could potentially radically change the destiny of a nation .
The position taken overstepped the mark and was indeed rejected in Doha by 73 votes to 43 with 24 abstentions .
Membership of the European Union will ensure that Iceland is subjected to controls , and to a common market and rules .
It will also carefully supervise the actual development of the service and ensure that the letter and spirit of the Madrid Agreement are fully respected , beginning with the proper participation of European officials at the helm of the service and in the Common Foreign and Security Policy ( CFSP) budget reform .
I am thinking of the statements made yesterday by Mr Moratinos of the outgoing Presidency , who was therefore , in many ways , rightfully anxious to insist on this result , which he stated clearly when speaking of human rights in Cuba : in this sector , bilateral agreements should be preferred over a common European position .
The Service is not only a way to increase the European Union 's presence in various nations throughout the world ; it also has a very important symbolic value , which is to express the unity of the 27 Member States .
As has already been said , the role of the international community and of the European Union in particular is to aid Kyrgyzstan as much as possible in three ways : firstly , by providing immediate aid for emergency supplies and rebuilding the damaged homes ; secondly - as regards the European Union within the framework of the Central Asia strategy and the instruments implemented in that context - by providing financial aid that is as long term as possible ; and , thirdly , by providing political support to aid the process of restoring constitutional order and the development of the rule of law .
Madam President , High Representative , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , we do not want any more pogroms in Central Asia .
Therefore , we need to persevere with this committee of inquiry .
As for the 27 July donors ' conference mentioned by the Commissioner , I would like to understand what Europe 's priorities are here .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I believe that the Lyon report has the merit of having clearly defined a set of common agricultural policy objectives that is much broader than in the past and which is in line with the EU 2020 strategy .
However , in order to continue to be able to carry out their activities , our farmers are asking us to provide greater safeguards against price volatility and to keep allocating direct aid .
I therefore believe that provision should be made in the future CAP for a minimum safety net so that market price uncertainty can be managed and rapid , effective solutions provided for economic crises in the sector .
Commissioner Damanaki and Commissioner De Gucht have both expressed their intention to devote themselves fully to this entire issue , but I believe that it is important to have just one line of approach .
I also believe that the aspect regarding the Fisheries Commissioner , with everything that that entails subsequently within Parliament , is crucial to ensuring that the problem is solved and that this report becomes an important future perspective .
I voted in favour because I think that supporting the agreement negotiated between the European Commission and the United States is the right action to take and the sign of a great sense of responsibility .
Terrorism is a threat and as such must be combated .
We should examine with some concern the possible contradictions that may emerge between the activity of the future EU diplomatic service and that traditionally carried out by the Member States .
Timely coordination of the different areas of EU external policy by the Commission is clearly important .
Its accession would cause further problems , in addition to the ones that the Union has already had to face and must continue to