Many of these tax havens are controlled by Member States of the European Union .
We need to govern the financial markets and avoid conflicts of interest and perverse plots between banks and businesses .
At the root of this is the huge and terrible gap between the real economy and the speculative bubble : a virtual wealth in paper form that hugely exceeds real wealth , based on production and on investments .
In the preceding weeks , we had already presented a resolution to the Commission to get around the inadequate rules , in which we called for the initiative to be taken , at European level and for the purpose of protecting savers ’ interests , to link all bodies charged with monitoring and controlling relations between businesses and banks and for an assessment to be made of the possibility of harmonising the current regulation in order to guarantee that ethical principles are applied , which means that inspectors must not be paid by those being monitored .
There is still the issue of compensation .
There is no point crying over spilt milk , we must think about recuperating the misappropriated sums and giving specific guarantees to savers in the case of collapse .
It is , in fact , an international affair of vast proportions , in which internationally important banks are involved .
Of course , we are not the United States , Commissioner Bolkestein ; our capacity for action is more limited , since it is restricted by national rivalries and various rights of veto , especially in those sectors that we are currently dealing with .
Thirdly – as my colleague , Mr Jonckheer , has already said – what does Commissioner Bolkestein think of presenting the position of the European Union on these issues to the World Trade Organisation ?     Mr President , as fellow Members have already said , the financialcollapse of the multinational Parmalat has constituted a very serious episode for Italy and has involved thousands of small Italian savers ; it is likely to damage financial credibility and , in future , to create widespread distrust of our country amongst international investors too .
Furthermore , they expect instruments to be put in place to prevent operations of this sort occurring in the future and to restrict the maximum exposure of small savers .
I think that this is an anomaly that needs to be eliminated and that Europe , the European Central Bank , the Commission and the Council must take measures to that effect .
The measures in force have to be well implemented and certainly need to be redesigned .
In the case of bond-issuing firms , however , more needs to be done : documents binding on the company will need to be issued , stating what the company will do , when it will do it and what investment products will be used .
In other words , a genuine internal market is created by the existence of a common legal area , to which private individuals and firms can have access , without being penalised , regardless of the judicial systems of the different Member States .
The second Green Paper presented by the Commission , on establishing a European order for payment procedure and on measures to simplify and speed up small claims litigation , is also of the utmost significance .
Indeed , we must ask ourselves if the policy that we have implemented to date and , above all , the instruments put forward in this area , were adequate given the ambitious objectives of the Barcelona strategy .
This incentive is , therefore , excellent , it is good for countries prepared to go down this road and it is just as excellent regarding the Euro-Mediterranean Parliamentary Assembly , which could have interesting potential .
Mrs Flautre who spoke before me has , for example , already highlighted the Tunisian issue , with a series of extremely conflicting positions , and perhaps it is not a coincidence that it was two representatives from Tunisian civil society that were prevented from taking part in the afore-mentioned Sana’a Conference : this is the only thing that I was able to notice in the organisation of this conference .
I believe that it would be an important signal , Commissioner , in the context of our discussion , to ensure that Sana’a is followed up , in such a way that it does not remain just one of many such events but becomes a process that is monitored .
Amongst other aspects , the Commission ’s justification – which stresses how this decision was taken to aid talks within the World Trade Organisation – is extremely worrying , because we are continuing to open up Europe to products for which we cannot provide the consumers with guarantees .     Mr President , I am speaking on account of the Vice-President of the Commission , Mrs de Palacio , and the head of the Italian Government , Mr Berlusconi .
If it does not have the courage to discuss this , in terms of the European Union’s budget , then it will be very difficult to make use of a lever as important as European expenditure – to benefit technological innovation and scientific research .
While discussing the Stability and Growth Pact we have seen major governments  – in countries that are essential for the European Union and even more so for the eurozone – hold discussions to arrive at a deficit equal to 4 or 5 % of the public budget .
We have read  – for the moment just in newspapers  – the text drawn up by Commissioner Lamy’s committee of experts  – this is not yet about what Commissioner Lamy says  – which calls for international trade to be linked to national values in Europe .
This is , for example , the response as regards immigration .
We have tried to answer this question because we