my colleague , Mr Wynn , has already referred .
Certainly , we attach considerable importance to social dialogue , but we must also demonstrate that in our choices concerning budget management ; I believe that this amendment will enable us to do that .
Mr President , The European Programme for Reconstruction and Development in South Africa , which needs to be provided with a legal basis , follows a special programme set up in 1985 , on the initiative of the European Parliament , to tackle the problems caused by apartheid .
That commitment , with strong participation by local communities , has provided the basis for the success of development programmes .
The legal basis we are discussing is obviously broad enough to include interventions of various kinds .
And a passage of the Bible also comes to mind : ' Be fruitful , and multiply , and replenish the earth , and subdue it ; have dominion over the fish of the sea , and over the fowl of the air , and over every living thing that moveth upon the earth ' .
I should like to express my vote in favour of the Pelttari report on the draft Bioethics Convention , or rather , on 'human rights , biology and medicine ' , and stress the need for further clarifications and significant amendments to the draft text .
For these reasons , the draft convention will need to be amended .
All economic links based on trade , tourism and investment by European organizations operating in Burma must be broken off .
This would be a political signal of Europe 's resolve in respect of Burma .
He was arrested without charge , which raises the probably well-founded suspicion that he was arrested for political reasons .
We therefore request , as does the resolution , that he be released and that his case be dealt with with all due guarantees , because a political arrest is completely unacceptable .
Everyone in the country must join forces to launch the peace process that unfortunately has yet to begin .
My Group feels that the unilateral resumption , by the Russian army , of the military offensive in Chechnya is incompatible with the spirit and letter of the agreement currently in force between the European Union and the Russian Federation .
The petitions reaching the Committee give us an insight into citizens ' problems ; for example , they have in the past often brought us face to face with important problems , concerning in particular the environment and freedom of movement .
You feel you are doing something useful : sometimes , you deal with a petition , discuss the issue and reach a concrete solution .
Which suggests there is here a need to make citizens more aware , in a more practical and concrete way , of these instruments and , particularly , of the ways and means of gaining access to them .
Now , instead , we are going to apply agricultural rates to a whole range of imports that can , by and large , be linked to the instruments based on Article 43 of the Treaty , that is , to the common agricultural policy .
Mr President , as a member of Parliament 's delegation to look at Cuba 's problems , I visited the island at the end of June .
At this point - and not only moved by the emotion felt by us all , but rationally - the European Union must exercise its power to stimulate , urge and spur on in order to induce the Member States to find a single legislative language to prevent and repress this shameful phenomenon which hits the weakest part of society : children .
I agree with all the proposals put forward and believe that others will come from the Committee on Legal Affairs , which is always committed , together with Parliament , to defending the rights of children , as has already been done with the Charter of Children 's Rights and as , we hope , will soon be done with the completion of the two reports on the condition of children in Europe and on international adoption .
Many points have been noted concerning the decisions reached during the five conference days in Stockholm , but I would like to emphasize an aspect which has perhaps not been high-lighted ; the special character of the Stockholm Conference lies above all in the live testimony of children who have been exploited , who have suffered sexual abuse and violence , in having listened to their spoken evidence , which certainly greatly helped the work of the conference .
I concur with what has been said by my colleagues , but I want to say quite clearly that it would be hypocritical to confine ourselves to moral condemnation : hypocritical and too late .
Not only that : also of the connivance of institutions and even governments of the countries which accommodate so-called 'sex tourism ' .
The States , the regions , the nations still have particular responsibilities known to us , about which some fundamental points have been made : among other things it is the States themselves - and Mrs McCarthy is right here - that go on to propose cutting down the budget of the structural funds .
The matter is therefore extremely serious .
We must however say one thing clearly : there are too many funds , too many bodies dealing with them , too many Directorates-General ; there is too much complexity and therefore a danger of overlapping of objectives and instruments .
This having been said , as rapporteur I have sought to meet the specific requirements and requests made by certain Member States in the amendments brought to the attention of the Committee on Transport and Tourism and which I now present to Parliament .
