.
It should desist now , and this assembly should reject this directive .
Hernández Mollar report ( A5-0225/2000 )
I would like to express my disappointment and dismay at the PPE' s vote on the resolution on the World Conference Against Racism .
Yesterday the PPE spokesman approached the Socialist Group to ask us to withdraw my Amendment No 1 because , if it were accepted , they would be unable to support the report .
After much soul-searching in the Socialist Group we decided that we would withdraw that amendment in the interests of getting the largest majority possible in Parliament against the forces of racism , the extreme right and anti-Semitism .
I have to say I do not know what conclusion to draw because it is clear from the vote that , in fact , after making that promise the vast majority of the PPE actually voted against the resolution .
It is not clear whether they were lying or whether they were confused .
I am not sure which is worse .
What is clear is that some of those weeping crocodile tears yesterday for anti-Semitic attacks in Italy in order to get cheap publicity , today voted in a way that could only give aid and assistance to the racists , the anti-Semites and the extreme right in the European Union .
Madam President , following the tragic events of last week in the Aegean , yesterday 's suspension of over 60 Greek passenger ships which do not comply with EU laws is , I am sure , welcomed by the whole House .
In addition to passing on our condolences - which I am glad to note you already have - and our gratitude to all those involved in the rescues in those tragic events , could the President ask next week 's Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism to investigate why 79 people had to die before these ships were banned ?
That committee needs to ask urgently why Member States are ignoring EU maritime safety laws - it is not just Greece .
We need to ask that committee to review why certain Member States are granted lengthy opt-outs from those maritime safety laws .
Madam President , I have just come from the last meeting of the Charter of Fundamental Rights in Brussels .
Those rights are very important , but one of the basic rights of the citizens of the EU is to have free movement for themselves and the goods which some of them may wish to carry .
For the last few weeks many of them have been unable to enjoy these rights as a result of various disruptions at a number of border points , including the Channel ports , but inland as well .
We were warned by DG II that there might well be difficulties today .
Many of us , therefore , changed our travel arrangements .
I saw members of the Commission this summer to ask them about compensation which is paid , where claimed and appropriate , to those who carry goods and are blocked from doing so .
But under our regulations there is no provision whatsoever for citizens - either on tourism or business - to claim such compensation .
I asked for an urgency this week .
I appreciate that there are many other urgent matters to consider .
The Conference of Presidents turned down my request for this urgency , but this matter continues day after day , week after week .
I ask you , therefore , to press the Commission to bring forward regulations as quickly as possible to give citizens the same rights as those that carry goods , in the event of them being prevented from enjoying the free movement to which they are entitled .
Today , a working group of the United Nations Commission on Human Rights reports on the case of my constituent in the North-West of England , Mr James Mawdsley , a human-rights campaigner who is imprisoned in Burma , and it is widely expected that this United Nations group will conclude that the Burmese authorities have contravened international law in holding him .
Within the last few days the British Consul has discovered that in reward for his protests against being kept in solitary confinement , prisons guards have subjected him to three days ' worth of beating and left him with severe facial injuries .
Tonight we will be debating the Asia-Europe summit , and I have no doubt that the resolution we eventually adopt will emphasise our commitment to human rights .
Mr Mawdsley is just one amongst millions of people in Burma who suffer at the hands of the Burmese authorities .
I ask you in communicating the eventual conclusions of this Parliament to bear in mind our concerns for this one individual whose treatment symbolises so much that is rotten in that country .
Mr President , risk capital is essential for job creation , since between 80 % and 90 % of funds raised from venture capital goes towards hiring people .
SMEs account for 66 % of total employment in the Community , SMEs and start-up businesses and venture capital therefore need to have easy access to each other .
Although European venture capital has grown rapidly , we still remain considerably behind the US.
With this in mind , I welcome the importance attached to the Lisbon Summit on venture capital .
Although progress has been made , it is also less focused on the high growth and job creation sectors of information technology , biotechnology and healthcare .
Coordinated action is needed and necessary at both EU and Member State levels in these areas .
In order to achieve this , we need to create a regulatory environment conducive to risk capital .
A number of regulatory measures need to be introduced .
