need .
Decisions in this Chamber often promise more than they can deliver .
That is why we need REACH , but a REACH that manages to deliver what it promises .
I therefore hope that the Chamber will take on board the proposals put forward by the Committee on International Trade for reducing trade barriers .
Instead , the Social Democrats should ask themselves why they are standing aloof from the proposal .
The overwhelming majority , from the right of centre political groups – the Group of the European People’s Party and European Democrats and the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe – to the Socialist Group in the European Parliament and now the Commission as well are in agreement , and it is we who shall keep the proposal afloat .
At the same time , it is 100 years since we had national markets that were closed .
We were able to transform the draft Chemicals Directive – lifeless as it was , and very much called into question - into an opportunity actually to reach a decision .
If REACH is to be this engine of sustainable growth , the proposal needs , however , to be simplified , strengthened and made clearer .
Following seven years ’ discussion , we now in actual fact need a decision on the fourth important proposal , namely that concerning European chemicals legislation .
In the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe , we have identified ten thorny political issues .
At the same time , stricter requirements need to be made of those chemicals suspected of being dangerous .
I believe that the opposite is , in actual fact , true in this case , that is to say that most people are reasonably satisfied with the result .
The ALDE Group also proposes an addition clearly stating that the burden of proof should lie with companies .
They are chemicals that can cause cancer , that damage people’s reproductive functions and that become concentrated in the human body – in other words , the worst of the worst offenders .
The mining industry is wrong to believe that it has to test every lorry-load of iron ore taken out of a mine .
I should also like to congratulate Great Britain on the sterling work it has done and continues to do and also to congratulate Luxembourg on the work it did earlier on when it held the Presidency .
The decision I hope we shall vote through on Thursday here in the Chamber greatly resembles the proposal put forward by the Presidency .
The attacks on REACH by Mr Nassauer , Mr Schulz , Mr Poettering and Mrs Ek are , however , a policy of appeasement of the German chemicals industry , which destroys the environment and public health and makes things impossible for workers and all small enterprises that want actually to know about the effects of the chemicals they are buying and about their consequences for us .
How can you in the Group of the European People’s Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats defend the Nassauer compromise’s attack on small enterprises whereby data is not fully shared with them and whereby they have an extra five years in which to pay for information available to the large companies ?
How can you defend woolly criteria according to which high volume chemicals too can be exempted from tests designed to detect cancer risks ?
Allow consumers the opportunity and the knowledge to vote hazardous chemicals out of existence .
That does not constitute your compromise .
You should , emphatically , listen to them .
We want to see a chemicals policy that makes it compulsory to phase out and ban the most hazardous chemicals of all .
It should be self-evident that REACH is a good thing .
The Nassauer/Sacconi compromise drastically weakens what we aspired to achieve in terms of an efficient REACH.
We believe that this is wholly unacceptable .
I think that this has sometimes been depressing to see .
To Mrs Ek I should like to say the following : you talk about the environment but , at every possible opportunity , you have consistently made efforts to weaken and impair this draft legislation .
To the European Commission I should like to say the following .
That is weakness , in my view .
It is probably chock-full of dangerous chemicals and insecticides and presumably rotten inside .     Mr President , it is regrettable that powerful forces in this Parliament are working hard to ensure that chemicals legislation is as watered down as possible .
If that is not done , much of the point of REACH will be lost .
That is a precondition of consumers being able to make active and informed choices .
Hence , I shall vote against the compromise proposal devised by the Socialist Group in the European Parliament , the Group of the European People’s Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats and the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe .     Mr President , just like other speakers , I welcome the fact that we are obtaining stricter legislation in this area .
A very great deal of harm has been caused .
I believe that this principle needs to form part of the new legislation .
There are masses of difficult details of which many Members do not have a good grasp , and this has made it that much more difficult to arrive at constructive solutions .
I repeat that I am not satisfied , but the most important thing of all must , for all that , be for us to obtain a policy in this area that we can work with so that , step by step , we can put some order into the chemicals jungle