minorities can have their rights acknowledged and when the deeds of bullies and tyrants can be exposed and condemned .
What is crucial is to bring out the truth .
Guatemala has ratified the Geneva Convention and the convention aimed at preventing and punishing genocide .
The President has supported this , but we see both judges and others associated with the legal authorities being persecuted and killed , and it is regarding these matters that we too in this Parliament must keep the closest possible eye on the situation and keep up a maximum of pressure so that these processes are carried through with transparency and so that the truth emerges and the skeletons come out of the cupboard .
Mr President , I have followed developments in Malaysia for a number of years through visits and acquaintances there .
This Internal Security Act , or ISA , is used and abused for the purpose of getting at the Prime Minister ' s political and personal enemies , as in a dictatorship .
The former Prime Minister , Tunku Abdul Rahman , said as long as fourteen years ago that it looked as though Mr Mahatir was on the way towards authoritarian government .
That is deeply regrettable , and it is good that Parliament is today getting to debate the matter and that we are getting a strong statement from the government .
You have set a new standard or transparency with your home page , but the Swedish signature appended to the regulation on transparency paved the way for the EU now deciding what you must come up with in Stockholm .
You did not dare to issue even those , for they would of course show that France , Germany and Spain are opposed to transparency and , were that fact properly to emerge , the three governments would be pressed by their elected representatives and electorate to approve that transparency which Sweden had as an objective .
This is an area in which Sweden has committed an historic betrayal .
Sweden has also violated the Treaty by introducing qualified majority voting as a method of taking decisions on future changes to the rules governing confidentiality .
That alone is difficult enough .
Parliament is now bringing legal proceedings against the Council .
I also want to criticise the police action in Göteborg .
Instead , peaceful demonstrators were taken into custody when they arrived at the ferry port .
This is something from which we must learn .
Tell the men of violence that throwing a paving stone at someone else ' s window may be interpreted as attempted murder .
We who wish to demonstrate peacefully must also learn from the battles .
People with hoods on must be expelled from demonstrations .
There are no excuses for violence , but there are grounds for consideration and reflection .
Why do the media give more coverage to people with paving stones than to people with arguments ?
I think , in fact , that some splendid things were put forward in connection with the Göteborg Summit , and I also think that the work which has now been done on the reports from the individual countries shows that it is only right to broaden the agenda .
I also think , however , that it is important that this work should not just remain work done behind closed doors between politicians , officials and experts .
The open method must be open in the true sense of the word , so that the public is also involved .
What will the Commissioner do ?
Will she give an undertaking that more efforts will be made to increase public ...
It is splendid , and the Commission is right in what it says .
Unfortunately , I can already foresee aspects of the debate that will take place in my own Member State when the Commission begins discussing pensions .
I assume that you will confirm this , and I believe that doing so will be incredibly important in the forthcoming debate in our respective Member States .
Mr President , Prime Minister and Mr President of the Commission , the Group for a Europe of Democracies and Diversities and the cross-party intergroup , SOS Democracy also wish to welcome Mr Verhofstadt as President-in-Office of the Council and pledge our critical and constructive opposition , at the same time as reminding the prime minister of his promise of a meeting with SOS Democracy .
We can perhaps help you to understand why people have voted no in the last three referenda on the EU in Denmark , Switzerland and Ireland .
When we discussed the Irish 'no ' vote in the conciliation committee , there was not a member who dared to say that the Treaty of Nice could be adopted in a referendum in their country .
Those who expressed an opinion thought it would fail to be adopted .
It is easier to replace a treaty than a country ' s people .
Respect the Irish 'no ' vote .
Instead , support grassroots discussions concerning a treaty which people will be able to vote in favour of in all the countries , because it does not restrict , but rather extends democracy .
With all due respect , your new think-tank consists mainly of elderly people who have all contributed to shifting power from voters and elected representatives to officials and ministers .
Mr Delors , Mr Dehaene , Mr Amato , Mr Geremek and Mr Milliband are hardly in a position to write a treaty which can attract majority votes in referenda .
It can be read at EU.observer.com , and its demands could presumably be adopted in a referendum because the heading refers not to a more intrusive European Union characterised by secrecy , bureaucracy and remoteness from the people but to a considerably slimmed-down EU , characterised by transparency , democracy and proximity to the people