own behalf and on behalf of Belgium , that we will do our utmost to broach this subject .
Our present reality is not , however , simply shaped by the Member States alone , but there is a greater diversity and richness , represented culturally and socially by the historic peoples and nations of Europe and , politically , by the federated States , constitutional regions and autonomous communities , in particular , and also , of course , on another level , by the purely administrative regions , the provinces and the local authorities .
This answer with real content is very welcome .
Please , before you leave us , can you give me this political Christmas present .
Another aspect I would like to mention is the importance of the economic dimension , which , there can be no doubt , is the cause of many conflicts , and we have to see this also in a global perspective .
Without these methods , all of the international community ' s peace efforts , or those of the very local communities which the conflict has created , could come to nothing , given that the least dispute can once again light the flames of hatred that had provoked or been the cause of the conflict in the first place .
After the Council ' s adoption of its common position , we moved on to second parliamentary reading , where we insisted on issues relating to resolving the conflicts of interest which may arise between classification societies or organisations and the owners and/or charterers of ships , as well as on financial liability in cases of negligence or omission in judgements .
Finally , I would like to draw the attention of the relevant legal authorities to the fact that certain people harmed by the Erika accident are yet to receive any compensation for the damage suffered , despite the fact that two years have passed since this tragic event took place .
This Parliament has shown its great interest throughout the negotiation process .
I must say that , despite the fact that all has not gone perfectly , that perhaps we could have adopted it on first reading - as I would have liked -, that perhaps both Parliament and the Council could have shown greater flexibility , the reality is that , despite everything , within one and a half years of the Commission presenting its initiative , today , two years after the accident , we are finally approving the Erika I package .
Furthermore , shipowners , charterers , flag States and classification societies who are complacent or negligent in their operation or monitoring of ships will henceforth be liable to severe penalties such as the prohibition of ships not meeting minimum requirements from entering European ports , the publication of the names of negligent charterers or the withdrawal of the authorisation of classification societies in the event of poor performance .
We are working on this and , just as we have ensured that things move ahead in the Union - thanks to Mr Watts ' insistence - in relation to black boxes , we also hope that the same will happen on this issue within the IMO.
This time the European Union has demonstrated that we have taken the fight against marine pollution seriously .
To this end , it is necessary to introduce certain modifications into the legislations of various Member States , especially in the field of the regulation of pledges and also in the field of insolvency law and tendering procedures .
This is a legislative delegation , a delegation of powers which is unacceptable to Parliament , or at least to part of it , as is well known , since this is not the first time we have dealt with the Lamfalussy Committee , in this field and in others , with Commissioner Bolkestein himself .
At the last moment the initial agreement in the Council ' s working group has been broken and tomorrow , possibly , in Ecofin a different agreement will be approved , which includes other points which Parliament has not been able to consider in detail .
Work has been done in this Parliament in relation to the texts which the European Commission has been working on for over a year .
But once again it has not been possible and the responsibility for that falls to Parliament .
( ES ) I will continue the explanation of vote started by my colleague Mr Colom i Naval .
This would be typical of the Council .
I therefore congratulate the Committee on Fisheries and our rapporteur .
All of these issues are in the report .
We also agree absolutely with the rapporteur when he asks the Commission to seal off the markets of all Member States against the products of illegal fishing , by adopting effective Community commercial and customs legislation .
As always , I would like to stress to the Members of this House - and not only those of the Committee on Fisheries - the importance of fisheries agreements with third countries , the importance of continuing to sign up to them and to sign up to new ones .
I also think it is fair to congratulate the Commission on having reached this agreement , which breaks the curse of the failure of the negotiations with Morocco .
I congratulate Mrs Lulling on her magnificent work .
As simple as that .
Mr President , Afghanistan is now entering a hopeful stage and they must begin to change the harsh living conditions for women .
We regret that our initial proposal , which called for full recognition , has not been accepted .
You will understand that my only objective here is the recognition of Catalan as an official language of the European Union .
This hope is better expressed by my friend , the poet Jordi Gabarró