The Commission and Parliament have five women officials in lower-ranked policy-making positions .
Madam President , Commissioner , I am happy to add my own thanks to the Commission .
It is after all a democratic right that the bodies taking decisions which affect society should reflect the make-up of that society .
Slogans are no use to us .
We are convinced that escalating numbers of lawsuits like this will weaken the action taken by Member States which have strong legislation on positive action and which apply quotas - not positive discrimination but positive action - in favour of equally well qualified women .
So once again I join other Members in asking the Commission to withdraw this proposal and come up with a new and stronger one .
So we should see you not as an individual person , but in a particular role .
Why do I say that ?
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , I have just one minute and shall confine myself to one point concerning the powers of the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights , namely determining the legal basis .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , it is just as difficult and costs just as much to find a treatment and develop a medicinal product which will save a few human lives as it does to market a medicinal product which will save millions of lives .
I hope a majority of the House will back this amendment , and I would welcome Mr Bangemann 's opinion on it .
As rapporteur on the 1999 budget for the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Protection , I advocated increasing public health spending to EUR 50 million .
And their standards have great implications for ours .
We also have to accept that we are mortal and that European citizens , with or without a European policy on public health , cannot be absolutely sure of surviving past 68 .
The boycott is illegal until such time as the WTO panel has given its verdict and it is politically unacceptable , coming at a time when we have just concluded our economic partnership .
And if so , what coin will that be ?
The issue of cofinancing will clearly be shared by a large majority of my group .
In the same way it is very important that the report very clearly says that we should find corrections on the expenditure side in the future .
We know , for instance , that within the framework of the review the Spanish Government has put forward suggestions concerning asylum and immigration .
That is a very positive point .
I share the views that have been expressed , but there is one aspect which I should like to develop a little further .
We have made nothing like the progress on railways which we ought to have achieved .
Because the railways have had plenty of time since Directive 44/91 .
That is a major misconception .
At the moment , however , the financial situation of the present operators means that access to the railway market cannot yet be totally free .
These reports are a good way of starting the process .
Against that background we welcome the fact that the President-in-Office of the Council has indicated that already , at this stage , there is an agreement that money available for enlargement will be set aside .
The Liberal Group believes that within the overall envelope it is possible to carry out reforms but rural development should be part of a structural policy , which takes a broader view than the purely agricultural .
Can he agree to having military forces in his Federal Republic ?
But if Rambouillet is step A , then step B has to be an international military presence .
But ultimately a political solution must of course be preferably to a military one .
Europe must preach moderation and a willingness to compromise and must hope that the people and government of Israel can find the way to peace and dialogue .
Mr President , all honour to the rapporteurs who in the last five years have placed passionate and carefully considered visions before us .
I cannot go along with that , since Israel can in no way be sure that Lebanon can control the fundamentalist military groups there .
That will be a step forward .
Even the Chernobyl reactors I and II , although they have been inoperative for a number of years now , are still not regarded as having been decommissioned by the Ukrainian Government , despite all the resolutions passed by the European Parliament .
We have said as much previously .
Madam President , I very much regret that Commissioner van den Broek is not here for this part of the debate .
Because changing money within one and the same currency does not cost anything .
Madam President , consumers feel taken in and politicians foolish now that the introduction of the euro has failed to produce much lower exchange rates and has even , in the case of exchanges of smaller amounts , resulted in higher charges .
If we look at countries like America , where the employment situation is much better than here , we can see that the mobility of labour contributes a great deal to the level of prosperity .
This is hardly surprising , particularly when you realise that we have spent the last 18 months under Socialist presidencies .
I entirely agree with this , but I was surprised to hear a very significant comment that is decidedly incompatible with it : that the structure and operation of the European economy have been fundamentally changed by the convergence process .
The Commission is right to call for structural reforms and wage restraint to continue , but it is rather too late in the day