, ladies and gentlemen , this crisis has revealed the vulnerabilities of the European Union in several sensitive areas : firstly , our energy supply .
It is certainly true for the Georgian President who , since his election in 2004 , has constantly pandered to the spirit of revenge in relation to the breakaway territories .
There are a number of questions which I can try to answer and others which I truly cannot .
I say this because this was the opinion that was truly unanimous at the start of all the meetings and conversations that we had .
He was very familiar with the region and already Ossetia and Abkhazia did not get on with either the Georgians or the rest of the region .
In fact they reported hundreds , or even dozens .
Sanctions do not amount to the same thing when one side supplies the gas and the other side does not want to receive it .
Peacekeepers are something else because that would need the full withdrawal by the Russians of all those who took part in the battle .
I do not want to dwell on the fact that Kiev was the capital of Russia and that the Crimea provides access to the seven seas .
If , on 8 September , we find that movements have begun , then alright .
I would point out , Mr Daul , that , in reality , that is not the only priority of the French Presidency .
We therefore did not have to vote .
I wanted to correct that .
However , we were immediately caught up by a small wave of panic .
No!
For example , it is clear that a choice must be made between the law of obligations and the law of contract .
Let us put these positions to the European people , in particular the German people , and let us see how the European and German people judge the choices made here .
Similarly , appropriate care facilities must be provided to help people combine work and family life .
We have no choice .
Once again , the report offers a fallacious solution to the technical and human problems associated with migration waves .
I have listened carefully to Mr Chatel and Mr Besson and their views , as well as to Commissioner Reding , and I should like to thank them for their informed and generally positive opinions .
Nothing could be more common in our everyday lives than a mobile phone , a television set or the ability to communicate .
That is why I ask Members to reject the many amendments seeking to delete parts of the text , since it would then lose all its substance .
As regards the information affixed to finished products , given that the European Commission has chosen to include post-manufacturing , the guiding principle has to be the quality and relevance of information and not the quantity .
We have talked a great deal about PBTs .
What is today 's debate on sanctions in fact about ?
The first essential job is to undertake an evaluation exercise .
Sanctions must be discussed at all levels and the monitoring mechanisms , for example the 'human rights ' clause , must be used to the full .
The Court of Justice judgment you have just talked about , Mr Jouyet , fully encourages us to pursue this .
I am therefore delighted that the report states that the rules of trade must respect the employment standards drawn up by the ILO .
The European Ports Policy , which we are pinning our hopes on , must therefore respond to this important need as well as to the objectives set in this report , and must thus be integrated into our general approach . on behalf of the PSE Group . - ( FR ) Madam President , Mrs Kosciusko-Morizet , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I too wish to salute the work done by our colleague and the determination she has shown in dealing with this dossier .
Doubtless there are reasons for this inadequate approach : lack of human resources and lack of financial means .
In exchange , the Council has a duty to honour its commitment and adopt a framework decision on the protection of personal data that offers a high level of protection .
Mr President , Commissioner , Chairman of the Committee on Civil Liberties , Justice and Home Affairs , Mr Deprez , rapporteurs , ladies and gentlemen , this is a day for the French , and it is also my day : I would ask you to kindly excuse the unexpected absence of Rachida Dati , but it is an honour for me to participate once again in the work of your Parliament , particularly on the sensitive subjects that have just been spoken about .
Firstly , this framework decision aims to make criminal offences of three types of behaviour likely to occur before attacks are actually perpetrated : public provocation to terrorism - and I stress the word 'public' , which thus excludes the regulation of private exchanges of correspondence - training for terrorism , and finally recruitment for terrorism .
It is a compromise ; that is how Europe is built , particularly in this area .
The third is that the transfer of data to third countries is subject to important conditions and safeguards to provide an adequate level of protection .
France thought the same as the Commission , but we have to be realistic .
Mr President , I will very briefly sum up the discussion .
Consequently , it will be possible to apply the European Union 's cooperation mechanisms referred to in the 2002 framework decision .
The sheer number of them clearly demonstrates the level of interest in this issue