The economic crisis has been aggravating the social inequalities in the EU.
I voted in favour for the above reasons , and because I believe that the report highlights the need for concrete action towards more effective social and economic cohesion that respects subsidiarity .
I voted for this report as I agree that the Commission should take responsibility for ensuring the monitoring and funding of projects in the following areas : new investment in research and the development and deployment of renewable energy , in energy efficiency , especially in the European building stock , as well as in resource-use efficiency more generally ; strengthening the European energy network by interconnecting national networks and distributing power from major centres of renewable energy production to consumers , as well as introducing new forms of energy storage and the European High Voltage Direct Current ( HVDC ) 'super-grid ' ; promoting EU space-based infrastructures in the area of radio navigation and earth observation in order to foster the provision of new EU services and the development of innovative applications , as well as to facilitate implementation of EU legislation and policies ; providing fast Internet access throughout the Union , ensuring the rapid execution of the EU 's digital agenda and providing all citizens with reliable , free access .
I would like to highlight the recognition of the importance of the Europe 2020 strategy , where research and innovation are central to the competitiveness of companies and job creation .
The welcoming of the widespread participation in the European day of mobilisation against austerity and insecurity organised by the unions on 29 September 2010 , stressing its important political significance and expressing support for their demands , demanding secure jobs for a living wage , strong social protection and protection of purchasing power , the guarantee of better pensions , and the guarantee of high quality public and social services that are accessible to all .
The following should therefore be significant : ( 1 ) introducing more counter-cyclical regulation ; ( 2 ) reducing systemic risk posed by large institutions and derivative markets ; ( 3 ) strengthening pan-European and global regulation and supervisory structures ; ( 4 ) investigating the use of off-balance sheet transactions ; ( 5 ) introducing a tax on financial transactions ; ( 6 ) introducing new standards on statistical data on the financial sector .
I voted in favour of this report as I agree that the Commission should take responsibility for ensuring the monitoring and funding of projects , particularly in the areas of new investment in research and the development and deployment of renewable energy , and also the provision of fast Internet access throughout the Union , ensuring the rapid execution of the EU 's digital agenda .
I advocate the need for economic governance mechanisms , not least by coordinating and supervising the policies of the Member States regarding the sustainability of public finances .
I voted in favour of the report that was presented and discussed here today , as it represents a step forward for the EU by advocating the establishment of an institution like the European Monetary Fund ( EMF) , and thus leading to the establishment of an overseer of sovereign debt developments to complement the Stability and Growth Pact ( SGP ) as a mechanism of last resort for the Member States .
It is with satisfaction and a sense of responsibility that I am voting in favour of the recommendations to improve EU economic governance suggested in this report .
The proposed recommendations are a very significant qualitative development in improving economic governance within the EU , highlighting the strengthening of rules to promote the stability and growth of the states and the Union , as well as mechanisms for preventing and also correcting and solving problems and challenges to the strategy for EU development .
Examples of this include the establishment of a coherent and transparent framework for surveillance , the strengthening of the rules of the Stability and Growth Pact ( SGP ) and the strengthening of economic governance in the euro area , among others .
The report does not break with the fashion for disciplinary penalties in the Brussels Consensus , seeking only to water these down .
Moreover , it is also proposed to establish a robust and credible excessive debt prevention and resolution mechanism for the euro area .
For example , the textiles and clothing industry represents 11 % of Portugal 's total exports , 22 % of the manufacturing industry ; 80 % of production for some products even takes place in Portugal .
It is unfair competition because Pakistani companies do not have social costs relating to their workers , they do not have environmental costs , they are not particularly concerned with combating the child labour that goes on there , and they do not have equivalent restrictions on the use of primary materials for reasons of public health .
The waiver should be for a maximum of one year because aid is temporary .
The winners are not the ill , not the displaced , not the children , not the elderly whose homes were destroyed : the winners are wealthy businesspeople .
The Lisbon-based European Maritime Safety Agency ( EMSA ) provides support and technical assistance for drawing up and applying Union legislation on maritime safety and protection , as well as on pollution caused by ships .
The implementation of the Instrument for Stability reinforced the EU 's potential to respond to crisis or emerging crisis situations .
That is why I see the strengthening of this instrument and the Union 's greater commitment to development cooperation as important .
These exceptional circumstances may be justified in individual cases , enabling increased flexibility in how projects and programmes are implemented .
I believe that the changes proposed by the Commission are substantial , since all the current references