Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I would like first to express very warm thanks to Mr Brok and the Committee on Foreign Affairs , Human Rights , Common Security and Defence Policy for the report that has been presented , which demonstrates that the matter in hand has been gone into in considerable depth .
Here we are dealing with familiar topics , of which there are , in essence , four , all of them closely interconnected .
We will again report in detail on the results of these efforts .
The Commission continues to insist on all the candidates being treated equally , which means that we can only talk in terms of a date for opening negotiations when the political criteria have indeed been fulfilled , which they very definitely have not been so far .
A Member State must , for example , be capable of contributing to our institutions ' decision-making and must speak with one voice .
They are nothing more than a necessary way of dealing with risks .
Even then , there was tangible evidence of a firm intention of clearing away the past , looking forward , uniting the people 's own abilities with the possibilities of modern technology and bringing about an unparalleled modernisation of the economy and the administration .
The powerful will towards integration at that time did not allow people to count the cost or consider who would meet the bill , still less wonder whose privileges might be done away with in the process .
Waste-burning reactors will , post-enlargement , be a problem for us all , and so they are another area in which I consider flexibility necessary .
Processes of integration have always been accompanied by transitional arrangements and by temporary safeguard clauses such as those to which you , Mr Verheugen , have referred .
Since then , the Council , at its Brussels Summit , has also adopted parts of this position taken by Parliament , examples being the principle of progressive integration for direct payments to agriculture , the clarification that , after enlargement , none of the new Member States should become net contributors , and a ruling intended to prevent a country from being in a worse financial position after accession than it was immediately before it .
We talk a great deal , and on many occasions , about the social dimension of Europe , but deliberately forget to point out that legislation on social affairs is just as important a constituent part of the acquis as are , for example , the provisions on competition .
The questions in this referendum are to be answered with 'yes ' or 'no ' . They deal firstly with the new structure of the state and then with Cyprus ' accession to the European Union .
I know , Commissioner , that you have done a great deal for the public at large , but the egoism of a number of governments has prevented essential work from being done .
To take an actual example , I do think that the Czech Republic , too , should be able to examine the past in a critical light and look to the future , just as everyone else should refrain from making political capital out of post-war events that , while comprehensible , are very much open to criticism .
Above all , there are reasons of form and content for deferring the deadline .
We should not wait until Turkey 's situation in regard to human rights , democracy , and so on , is such that it can seriously be regarded as a candidate country .
That means the first and for me the most important accession criterion formulated in Copenhagen is not an obstacle .
As the candidate countries are represented here today , I call on you all to do everything to remedy the shortcomings that still exist and to ensure that the enlarged Union remains a union of security .
There have also , however , always been members of Bohemia 's second ethnic group here , the Sudeten Germans .
Turkey has always wanted to set its own rules for accession under the slogan ' We are not like other candidates ' .
Mr President , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , Commissioner , I do not understand what all the fuss is about .
If you want , let us do that when we are discussing the Oostlander report , and then people will see that we are capable of discussing openly and honestly .
We learn them already from the grapevine and the rumour mill .
Firstly , because it does not have a legal basis , and , secondly , because tobacco is after all still a legal stimulant .
So how have we reacted ?
The whole arrangement would then not even be worth the paper it was written on .
The issue here is not only , as I see it , that we do not yet have any experience whatsoever in this area .
This was why the Committee of Wise Men created the Lamfalussy procedure .
I almost have the impression that technical detail is regarded as almost anything which , from the Commission 's perspective , an average MEP is unlikely to understand - which would cover quite a lot .
In its vote , the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development clearly endorsed the adoption of guidelines in the interests of simplifying the authorisation of additives .
Overall , then , we are pleased with the report which was voted on in committee .
In particular , additives which are authorised for an unlimited period and which the report describes as harmless would no longer be available for use in animal production if a complex and cost-intensive authorisation procedure were introduced .
I believe that your response to the problem of third-country imports was simply that