The amendments relating to the treatment to be given to integrated generation in national charging systems are not acceptable either .
The promotion of cross-border trade is necessary in any event , regardless of the adoption of proposed amendments to the directive on electricity and gas currently in force .
Mr President , I am not going to insist on identifying the precedents which have led us to today 's discussion , which I hope will lead to a positive result tomorrow , because we all know what has happened following the negative attitude of a series of Member States of the ICAO and we all want to make progress in the fight against noise at airports .
I believe that , after removing the requirement for an alternative airport , the definition of an urban airport hugely broadens the scope and this is positive .
Even in the event that an airport does not propose significant operative restrictions , we believe that it will be to their benefit to make as complete an analysis as possible in order to make decisions in full knowledge of the facts .
We have studied very carefully the rhythm which the airports could impose with the withdrawal of aircraft from the fleets in question and we are convinced that this reference should be made according to movements .
I believe that we have an applicable directive which conforms to our international obligations and which , furthermore , will contribute to improving the quality of life of the citizens who live close to airports .
This report offers useful proposals which will help to combat them .
However , Mr President , there is no single model for the emancipated woman .
Just in the case of women and at the present time , we can identify hundreds of the millions of people whose rights and freedoms are being restricted , violated and denied them .
Religious fundamentalism is also political and , when women and girls live under it , their lives tragically offer them no possibility of escape .
In the name of tradition , religion and fundamentalism , women are stoned , murdered and mutilated .
We must consider the distribution of responsibilities ; it clearly falls to the employer to provide the means , and it is they who have the disciplinary policy measures to ensure they are complied with , but the worker is no less responsible , and cannot ignore their responsibility , since they are the first to be affected if they do not adopt individual and personal protection measures .
Mr President , I am pleased to announce to the House that the Commission has decided to propose to the Council and the European Parliament a Regulation on the adoption of legal measures to react against the unfair competition practiced by third-country air companies receiving State aid .
In this respect , by means of a complaint or simply as a matter of routine , it is proposed that the Commission should open an investigation to determine whether or not there is unfairness in the charges implemented by third companies , and , in accordance with the particular situation , there will either be an agreement with the country or with the relevant company , or , if not , measures may be taken , either provisional , for 6 months , or permanent , until such a time as there is a change by the relevant third countries or companies .
There are only bilateral agreements with Member States of the Union , and these do not contain clauses that , in general , provide for the resolution of these situations of unfair competition .
In any event , also with regard to Switzerland , we must be adequately covered from the legal point of view .
Mr President , I withdraw the question I was going to ask because it has already been put by Mr Hatzidakis and Mr Jarzembowski .
According to my information , however , although it has been approved by the Council of Ministers , it has not been submitted to Parliament and is still floating around , no one knows exactly where .
Can the European Commission adopt measures to guarantee improvements in the way these children are treated ?
Please answer me , but give me an answer that talks about alternative jobs and practicalities and do not try to silence us with rabble-rousing talk , or some nonsense about alternative crops .
And yet the replies you give to the Members of this House are quite unsatisfactory , as if you have no respect for democratic representation .
The CAP is a useful instrument for biodiversity , as are the resolutions of the Earth Summit adopted at the Helsinki and Gothenburg Councils .
Mr President , we agree with Mrs Béguin 's report because it is underpinned by a particular situation : neither the Convention on Biological Diversity , signed in 1992 , nor the various international conventions incorporated into Community law , specifically the birds and habitats directives , have managed to put a brake on the destruction of biodiversity .
This is being done with EAGGF Funds .
We know that many Member States have failed to comply with this directive .
In our view , the Commission has shown neither the necessary strength nor will in this case to demand that the Member States provide data and demand that they comply with this directive .
In the European Union we already have certain principles ( such as the precautionary principle and the principle of prevention ) .
I would also like to express our support for the resolution adopted by the United Nations Security Council .
Mr President-in-Office of the Council , Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , a process of such historical significance as enlargement can only be approached on the basis of broad consensus .
Members must also be aware of the major difficulties anticipated in connection with drawing up a new financial perspective valid until 2013 .
It might therefore be wise to delay negotiation of a new financial