and thus cultural diversity will be enhanced in a way that is advantageous .
Safeguarding the film productions of the new Member States on its own justifies an increase in European support , with care being taken , in particular , to establish proportionality in favour of these countries .
Firstly , I agree with all those who said that digital technology is of the utmost importance : digital technology is an opportunity for diversity because , once the technology is installed , it will enable films to be distributed much more easily and at a lower cost .
This is the Europe of solidarity , and I am pleased that the Members have further enhanced this aspect of solidarity through their amendments .
Nevertheless , I should like to respond more precisely to the questions posed , in particular by Mr Schulz , who cited questions by Mr Rasmussen .
I will say to you frankly that the role of the Commission is to try to combine these two principles .
We have to break away from this European schizophrenia , which says that the Member States’ prerogatives should not be infringed .
Secondly , the Commission has not seen fit to publish the amount of antivirals currently available in each of the Member States .
However , a problem arises when private laboratories produce prototype vaccines against an emerging virus , because this is a matter of health and public safety .
I should also like to pay tribute to the work carried out by the Commission , which is , I believe , entirely in accordance both with the conclusions of the European Council and with the resolutions voted in favour of by our Parliament .
Dealing with these issues is no small task , either .
Yet , you have also highlighted a large number of grey areas .
However , Romania also possesses the jewel in Europe’s environmental crown in the shape of the Danube delta .
The spirit underlying the resolution was a desire to avoid having constantly to resort to the law .
It has become so widespread that we need to put in place effective tools to counter it .
This is a real challenge for our Union and a real challenge for our values .     . – Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , allow me first of all to give a warm welcome to the 350 young Italians from the , who are observing our evening debates .
That is why we are in favour of gynaecological and obstetrical health care services and of protecting mothers and their children in order to enable all female migrants to receive the highest possible level of health care .     . – Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , from a personal point of view and , above all , on behalf of the Socialist Group in the European Parliament , I am delighted by the outcome of the vote in the Committee on Civil Liberties , Justice and Home Affairs , for it has enabled substantial improvements to be made to the draft report that we had initially .
The best way of implementing a genuinely effective immigration policy that is actually accepted by the citizens is by means of a balanced approach , and that is precisely what Mrs Klamt has proposed .
That is not the answer .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , on 14 July 2004 , the Commission adopted a proposal for a regulation determining the general rules for the granting of Community financial aid in the field of the trans-European transport networks and energy for 2007-2013 .
With regard to the energy field , the proposed budget increase is aimed , primarily , at addressing the needs of the ten new Member States .
In the energy sector there is no change .
Oil prices , combating pollution , road safety , working conditions for drivers , the deterioration of infrastructures due to lorries : these are all reasons why the development of rail freight must be treated as an absolute priority , but please allow me to be concerned and impatient because , where we should be acting firmly and quickly , at the moment the European Union is being weak and feeble !
I therefore believe , Commissioner , that it needs to be put differently .
I would repeat , therefore , that the Commission wishes to maintain the sum proposed .
The definition of the multi-annual indicative programme is an implementing measure , in that the European Parliament and the Council , in the guidelines on the trans-European transport and energy networks , have already established the priorities .
I would like to thank you once again and I would like to thank Parliament for the attention and interest you have applied to this project , for which Mr Mauro has been an excellent rapporteur .
It seems to me that we ought to change these procedures relating to a so-called budgetary debate , because it is absurd to restrict each committee to one minute’s speaking time .
Our action will have to focus not only on the pilot projects we hold most dear , but on all the other pilot projects : for example , relating to SMEs , to youth assistance – particularly as part of the Erasmus programme – and to aid for the poorest countries to promote vaccinations throughout the world .
In its resolution , our Parliament says that we are giving up EUR 20 million .
We should be moving not only towards a balance of the Maastricht kind , but also towards a long-term balance in the economic cycle and even towards a social balance .
This goes to show that the principle of substituting dangerous substances with safer ones is already a reality .
It is no such thing .
There have been three targeted attacks in less than nine months