all operational sectors are taken into account equally in this regulation .
It is not until we have discovered this that we can decide what sort of increase the budget needs .
Madam President , Mrs Malliori 's report is mainly acceptable in itself .
The credibility of our fight against drugs is weakened by the fact that in the Member States the use of those other intoxicants , alcoholic drinks , is viewed permissively or even idealised .
It does Mrs Malliori 's report credit that it should mention that problems with alcohol are on a par with drug problems .
The EU must agree to raise taxes on alcohol , hence reducing consumption and the harm it does .
The Commission proposal and this compromise we are discussing represent a cautious start to this work .
We could have gone further , taking into account our committee 's insistence on the prevention of social dumping .
Nevertheless , this directive is a step in the right direction and Mr Jarzembowski deserves our thanks for working with such perseverance with regard to this difficult issue .
Mr President , I bring greetings from the Finnish dockworkers , who know how to load and unload ships professionally and competently .
It would be done by people who sail on 'flag of convenience ' vessels and who lack the special professional skills that are needed in the difficult snowy and icy conditions that exist in the north to guarantee the occupational safety of other dockworkers .
That cannot be accepted , given that it is being done on the pretence that it increases competition .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , on behalf of my group I would first of all like to thank the rapporteur , Mrs Ayuso González , for the important preparatory work she has done with regard to this vital issue .
I think the targets should be binding , which is what Parliament insisted on at first reading .
This time we shall not get any further ahead .
Firstly , by promoting their use we reduce the need for imported energy and hence the EU 's dependence on external energy production , and especially oil imports .
That means new opportunities for farms and also where agricultural competitiveness is facing huge difficulties in the more traditional areas .
The directive is especially important because developments in this very area of transport up till now have been absolutely pitiful .
This trend will become stronger still and there will therefore be an increase in carbon dioxide emissions .
This is why the White Paper is calling for less dependence on oil by the transport sector , for ecological reasons .
This could play a part in the creation of new jobs in rural areas .
Moreover , it will be possible to obtain by-products , which , owing to their vegetable protein-rich content , could be used as animal feed .
To guarantee the existence of sustainable cultivation practices we should nevertheless draw up a set of clear environmental criteria so that , for example , using the same cultivated area later on for food production does not pose a risk .
The discussions held by the Convention 's working groups have only been interpreted into two or three languages .
Both budget reports give attention to language , translation and interpreting .
When Mrs Gill speaks of controlled multilingualism I am not sure that that means equality for all languages .
If not all languages in the EU are to be used equally , let us draw lots for those languages that are to be the so-called working languages .
Parliament 's unanimous political will would seem to be that there should be a determination to reduce the amount of unpaid payment appropriations , or RALs .
These supranational taxes are unacceptable to many in our group .
My special thanks , however , go to the President of the Commission , Romano Prodi , for the important work he has done so far in building the European Union and bringing nations closer to one another in a joint project that we now call enlargement to the east .
The budget before us will be the first to be drafted for a Community of 25 Member States .
For this reason the important role of the rapporteurs in drafting this budget must be emphasised .
Activity-based budgeting provides a straight answer to the question of what each activity actually costs .
We must continue to have respect for the individual languages of the Member States and hold multilingualism in esteem .
For it to succeed , the administration of the Structural Funds must be simplified and dealt with more efficiently .
Only in this way can the results we are striving for be achieved .
Mr President , I am pleased that the European Parliament 's Committee on Budgets yesterday opted to support what is also the Finnish Government 's policy , according to which any reform proposed by the Council cannot serve as a basis for decision-making .
We all want to make decision-making on monetary policy more effective , but the system must be more transparent and comprehensible .
Proposals for decisions are not , however , put to the vote before there is consensus in the discussions .
From this point of view , it is not sensible for the voting procedures to be made complicated and off-putting with even less voting happening than before .
Moreover , the rotation model being proposed by the ECB violates several principles which both Parliament and the central bank governors themselves used to consider of vital importance .
Two proposals by Parliament are worthy of support .
The Union was to have become the world 's most competitive region by 2010 and an engine for growth , as our Member States ' leaders put it so beautifully at Lisbon