Mr President , we have an excellent opportunity today to debate and understand certain basic public health issues and advance them at European Union level .
We have seen as much in the case of severe acute respiratory syndrome .
Consequently , all this calls for constant vigilance , constant monitoring and a response , an organised , coordinated response .
Finally , one last point : biological terrorism .
Biological terrorism , where terrorists use bacteria spores or viruses or some other means , is also a threat that calls for a coordinated and proper response .
A symposium on this centre was held at the European Parliament in November under the aegis of the Group of the European People 's Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats , attended by thirty of the most eminent epidemiologists .
Madam President , Commissioner , as if the war were not enough , another reason for increased numbers of victims has appeared at the same time .
There have been 46 cases within the European Union , affecting people who have travelled to one of the countries in which the disease is endemic , but so far there have been no reports of any cases of secondary transmission or deaths .
I will not dwell on the economic repercussions caused by restricting air travel and tourism to high-risk areas .
It is important within the framework of this centre to operate a network of laboratories to investigate epidemics and conduct related research ; the creation of a team of experts , a task force which could take action in the event of epidemics with natural causes rather than as the result of deliberate action , as has already been set up for biological terrorism and , finally : the provision of appropriations for technical support for the aforementioned actions .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , at present our thoughts cannot but be with the people of Iraq being slaughtered by the British and American invaders , under the complicit gaze of the European Union , which is only interested in how to acquire a share of the spoils .
The programme has not been opened up to third countries in order to help them develop their manpower .
That is the reason for the need for convergence in the structure of studies on the basis of the Bologna standard , with three years ' undergraduate study for the large mass of students , two years ' specialisation for the select and a three-year doctorate for the crème de la crème .
The result will be the complete commercialisation of education , a sign of which is the quality mark for courses referred to in the text , as if they were cars or oranges .
Mr Cappato even goes so far as to maintain that it is not drugs but the illicit nature of their use which is to blame for the marginalisation of drug addicts .
Quite a few points in the plan have been successful , such as a balanced approach between reducing demand and reducing supply and collating statistics so that they are comparable from one country to another .
The UN conventions on drugs are an important framework for successful policy .
Nor should we forget that these conventions were drawn up in 1961 , 1971 and 1988 .
The increase in employment was around 1.1 % , which means 500 000 new jobs , although we must of course assume that the poor growth forecasts for next year will also have repercussions on employment .
The employment guidelines are being presented this year together with the economic guidelines .
There are fewer guidelines and they are simpler and , of course , they are very clear as regards the results they must achieve .
What is the new conception of the employment package ?
These reforms relate to people 's needs .
They do , of course , follow on from the previous guidelines , but the new factors mainly refer to the question of the ageing population , the need for policies which will keep older workers in the labour market and the question of mobility .
Consequently , there are no sanctions and there are no binding measures .
Finally , there are guidelines relating to the intergovernmental model as far as the participation of the social partners and reform of employment services are concerned and , finally , there is the question of recommendations , with specific recommendations for each Member State .
I would like to assure you that the Commission will do whatever it can to help Parliament work through this in a short space of time and as efficiently as possible , and I hope that , from next year , there will be better and , from the time point of view , more relaxed communication between us .
The lack of qualifications , the lack of manpower with special skills impacts on the field of small and medium-sized enterprises and the field of innovation and high technology .
If you go further , you will see that there is a particular problem in the field of women where , although there is a high proportion of women in work compared with other countries , if you analyse the female labour market , you will see that it is centred entirely around very low paid jobs and part-time jobs , again due to lack of skills among women .
On the second question raised by Mr Bouwman , I believe that the very close cooperation we had since November at all stages of processing the proposals prepared the parliamentary committee in question , so that it was able to give an adequate response in an efficient manner within this short space of time .
As a result , we have a large number of