action plans and the joint report on employment by the autumn .
This is very important if we are to avoid overlaps and ensure that one procedure does not take precedence over the other .
As far as women are concerned , to whom you alluded extensively , despite the increase in the number of working women , who now account for about 41%-42 % of the total workforce , and the gradual increase in the number of women in purely male-dominated sectors , unemployment is far higher among women than it is among men .
The Lisbon objectives to improve the position of women in the labour market would appear to be some way off , given that unemployment is still about double among women : 14.6 % compared to 8.7 % among men .
The European Employment Strategy recognises the role that women can play in increasing employment rates , and we are delighted that it is moving towards eroding the differentials between men and women as far as wages and the representation of women in all sectors of the economy are concerned .
For example , we could set ourselves the objective of halving the current differential between men and women on pay , training , pensions and promotions and the length of time women stay in work by 2010 .
The first concerns the objectives of the spring Council .
However , we must bear in mind that the quantitative target of full employment by 2010 set in Lisbon depended on two basic preconditions : 3 % annual growth and the implementation of a reform package .
The message , as far as reforming the Employment Strategy is concerned , is that we cannot insist on reforms relating to the labour market and to the modernisation of social systems and to another set of policies relating to the employment strategy .
Briefly , one of the three basic objectives is a non-discriminatory job market , and what we are proposing to the Council is that there should be individual quantitative targets for groups vulnerable to discrimination .
I shall of course be insisting on gender mainstreaming in all measures and priorities .
This being so , I have two questions : first , what other good can come out of relations with the Mediterranean countries of North Africa in practice , when general policies have not , in my opinion , been particularly successful .
Also , now that this stage of the Annan plan has come to a close , does the Commission think that the European Union and the Commission will perhaps take on a more substantive role in negotiations between the two communities ?
Not that things would have been much better had the two sides accepted the Annan plan which , unlike the UN resolutions , attempted to impose a particular form of federation which was not so very different from the recognition of two states in Cyprus , in other words partition .
Iraq is testing relations and institutions and setting all of us a tough challenge .
The countries in the Gulf , which surely have their own specific concerns about how things are developing , are also being tested .
The concept of multilateral diplomacy and , more importantly , the relevance , future and modus operandi of the UN are being tested .
This is where Europe has a voice .
I should simply like to point out that , at the summit Council on 17 February , we achieved a common stand and made an important joint declaration , in which we stress that the Union 's objective is the full disarmament of Iraq and full compliance with Security Council Resolution 1441 .
However , inspections cannot continue indefinitely .
Finally , in the wider context of the Union 's policy to secure peace , security and cooperation in the Middle East , we stressed that our top priority was to invigorate the peace process in the Middle East and promote , publicise and implement the roadmap .
We recently had the opportunity to listen to Hans Blix ; according to the detailed Unmovic report , Iraq has now started to cooperate .
As far as the challenges facing us are concerned , I should like to highlight the initiatives being taken by the Greek Presidency , in collaboration with the Council secretariat , Mr Solana , the Commission and Mr Patten , and the vital importance we attach to them .
Mr Patten has been to various countries in the region - Iran , Jordan , Turkey .
A number of my colleagues in the Council , such as the Austrian Minister for Foreign Affairs and the Italian Minister for Foreign Affairs , to mention just two , have also visited the region on the presidency 's behalf .
An Arab League delegation is due to visit the region with a clear message for Saddam Hussein within the next few days .
I am sure that we all want to maintain a working relationship based on long-standing , joint efforts to achieve security and , of course , on the common values expressed by Europe and the United States ; the principles of freedom , democracy and peace .
As far as the countries in the region are concerned , we are working closely with Turkey , which has taken the initiative of starting a debate on the problems which the Iraqi crisis may throw up , and is working with neighbouring countries to avert the war and get Saddam Hussein to comply .
As far as multilateral diplomacy is concerned , I think , as I have said , that we have fully supported UN efforts .
What we are trying to do , of course , because we have a large number of members in the Security Council , is everything we can to foster a joint approach to the problem .
