your attention to something regarding which the Member States here in the European Parliament do not enjoy equal status .
Parliament 's Visitors Service is its calling card for the public .
Parliament has now taken the decision not to have a permanent official who speaks Finnish .
It is not in the interests of Parliament if all languages do not have equal status and if one language is merely catered for by temporary assistants or officers , instead of having senior officials telling visitors what happens in Parliament .
Mr President , Davos and Porto Alegre are in different continents , but in them global problems were dealt with along the same lines .
More than a billion people have to get by on less than one euro a day .
That is such a small sum of money that it does not even meet the basic requirements of international human and fundamental rights .
These rights are what the economy is built on .
At present in Russia it is possible to solve problems informally with reference to arbitrary , unwritten and ever-changing laws , which only adds to corruption .
Under this scheme first proposed four years ago at Davos by Secretary-General Kofi Annan , a company commits itself to nine simple basic principles in the area of human rights , labour standards and the environment .
In addition , we should develop suitable sanctions to impose on companies which are guilty of , or have contributed to , human rights violations and corruption outside the EU.
Businesses ultimately have enormous influence whatever the community , region or state they are located in .
In the future it will be wise of us to try and find more positive ways of achieving our aims .
Multilateral cooperation will provide us with a good forum for cooperation with Belarus .
With Union enlargement the importance of cross-border cooperation will increase .
We have to encourage Latvia , Lithuania and Poland in particular to develop cross-border cooperation with Belarus .
There must be a new scheme to provide funds created in the European Union for cross-border cooperation , either in association with TACIS or as a separate arrangement .
The major objectives are the relief of congestion , the creation of hubs , improved safety and the promotion of sustainable transport .
Good and viable transport links are vital for these areas , which have thin traffic flows .
These needs are virtually ignored in the Commission White Paper .
Good transport links will ensure that the whole of the area of the Union remains within the scope of a functional single market and that all Union resources are spent .
Consignments of oil in the Baltic Sea from Russia 's new oil port have increased in number .
This breach in safety arrangements should be swiftly put right .
Reducing deaths on the road by 50 % is in particular an aim that deserves all our support .
There is no good reason why anyone at all should die on the roads .
As well as the many good proposals , the White Paper unfortunately contains seriously mistaken evaluations .
By easing transport problems we can , without anxiety , allow traffic to increase .
By abolishing all car registration taxes in Europe and lowering car tax for clean cars we will be able to improve the state of the environment radically .
It would be nonsensical to set out to forcibly steer the market share balance in the direction of targets that have been decided in an ivory tower .
We should instead create an equitable situation for competition for all modes of transport .
The third error relates to the harmonisation of labour and social legislation .
The disintegration of the Soviet Union was the result of its own impossible situation , but our splendid European project deserves better .
Would it not be about time we stopped talking about the European model and sought recipes for success among those who are getting along best ?
We are now giving the Council a clear message , and , hopefully , an impetus no longer to dally in this area .
I would like to speak more about the report drawn up by my colleague , Mr Van Velzen .
It is perhaps a good idea to have confidence in the words he spoke , which were truly appropriate .
Confidence in the sector , however , has plummeted and we know the reason why , as we have spoken about it so many times .
Furthermore , the gender divide , for example with regard to students , is huge and is particularly pronounced in the rural areas of the Union and in the developing countries .
They are being left outside the information society .
I do not see any easy alternatives here : it is our biggest challenge .
It increases opportunities for civil action and hopefully also opportunities for influence .
The Member States themselves should adhere to a flexible approach to the purchase of frequencies and the costs incurred in creating the necessary infrastructure , and do so speedily in a new way .
These will shortly be available and will make it easier for all of us to use the Internet .
Perhaps there would be a need too for funds to be established in the Member States to help socially excluded groups to become integrated into the networked society .
In my opinion it is good that the Commission has now established a cybersecurity task force .
We are seeing developments , but they are not fast enough or adequately coordinated .
Commissioner , what could you do so that certain Member States do not slow down development in this sector ?
It will create work and opportunities , but problems too .
Mr President , Commissioner , first I shall look for and I intend to find those responsible for the third generation mobile communications recession .
