By means of the decisive step we took last Saturday we are taking a great and historic step forward by bringing together the majority of the landmass and population of our continent , for the first time in history , without an emperor , a king , a general or a dictator deciding to do so .
First there was the liberation of Europe following the world war and then a chain reaction which has been gathering pace ; little more than a week ago we celebrated the 30th anniversary of the Revolution of the Carnations in Portugal , which was a key event in terms of ending the dictatorship of Salazar ; then my country joined ... ... then we had in Poland ; then came the fall of the Berlin Wall and now we are consolidating what we have done following that event , with the entry of the ten new Members .
Shared values which are based on mutual tolerance and fraternity .
I hold out my hand as a mark of friendship to all our new friends and colleagues joining us today .     .
But this simple statement at the same time points to the ultimate destination of this road : Europe , the single , general plan .
I would point out that he was a European Commissioner before becoming an MEP.
I would like in particular to mention the explicit expression of the primacy of Union law , the introduction of the concept of a Union law , restricted to the fundamental principles of Union action , the duty of the Commission to initiate the programming of the Union 's activities and Parliament 's final say in the budgetary field .
The challenges are different , but the method is still valid .
And I would think to myself , ‘what would Spinelli say about this ? ’ and I must acknowledge that , although it was produced 20 years ago , the ‘Spinelli Treaty ’ was incredibly relevant to today and many of the proposals he made are now in the Constitutional Treaty .
Today’s Europe , the Europe which my daughter sees , is a Europe without walls , and those which still remain will fall .
I would also like to point out that Jean Monnet very often quoted the Swiss philosopher Amiel , saying the following : ‘Each man’s experience starts again from the beginning .
I believe that this is the time to support this declaration in circumstances such as that mentioned by the minister .
And also that during this period , given that the European Parliament remains constituted , that this House can be informed by the most appropriate means .
I would not be worthy of wearing the Jean Monnet medal or the Schuman medal if I restricted myself simply to taking pleasure in seeing the 25 flags and receiving our fellow Members from the new Member States , nor if I confined myself to expressing my satisfaction with the direction taken .
And this is a difficult task which , unquestionably , the Irish Presidency must complete and on which ratification not achieved beforehand will largely depend .
I have learnt a lot from everybody , I would urge you all to continue fighting for an increasingly democratic and fair Europe of solidarity , which is able to overcome the crises that arise .
In other words , the rule of law which is today in place throughout this great Europe .
We have worked intensively over the last five years to enshrine the guarantees and protection of the fundamental rights of our citizens , and the results can be seen , such as the approval of the Charter of Fundamental Rights , the steps aimed at approving common guarantees in criminal proceedings throughout the Union and the implementation of the European arrest warrant , a guarantor for one of our principle rights , which is the right of society to pursue relentlessly those who endanger the lives and security of the citizens .
It only remains for me , Mr President , to thank your Presidency and the Commissioner for your invaluable contribution to the defence of the values and rights of a society such as ours which wishes to feel increasingly free within a new enlarged area , in which security and justice , in turn , also provide the guarantees for that freedom .     Mr President , Commissioner Vitorino , I agree with you that the citizens of Europe want more Europe and I believe that , with a view to the future , the communication on the values of freedom and security which the Commission is to present to this Parliament should consider two significant aspects .
As a Valencian and as a representative of a people which forms part of the European Union , I believe that this Europe of security and freedom must take full account of the national freedoms of the peoples and regions that make up the European Union .     Mr President , thank you for giving the floor to this very fleeting Member of Parliament .
Not a propaganda policy , but a communication policy .
I belong to the generation of Spaniards who , with Europe on the horizon , played a leading role in the transition to democracy , and at a very young age we took on important political responsibilities .
Reunification put an end to the tragic inheritance of Hitler and Stalin , but there is still much for us to do in order to make it effective .
The centuries-old enemies of yesterday are now the world’s most cooperative neighbours , but today the European project is suffering the threefold problem of size , efficiency and legitimacy , for which the Constitution – to which I contributed – provides the best solution we have .
The President must have solid support and play the role of