Policy on arms exports must start from that point , and a distinction must be made between supervising an arms industry developed for political reasons ( namely crisis management ) and arms exports for purely commercial reasons .
We are particularly opposed to the wording of Paragraph R and Paragraph 1 d ) and e ) of the report , to the effect that the development of arms exports should lead to the development of a common defence policy and the establishment of a defence identity within NATO , and that the arms industry should benefit from the EU' s developing a common code of conduct on arms exports .
I have today voted against Roberta Angelilli' s report on the communication from the Commission on an investigation concerning parental control of television broadcasting .
It is not a task for the EU but for the Member States to take initiatives in this area .
There are enough other pressing tasks for the Commission to expend its energies on .
In facing a decision like this about the Taliban regime , it has to be said that it has really been a luxury , purely and simply , to discuss the other issues , when one considers what is happening in Afghanistan .
I find it completely incredible that such things can still be going on in the year 2000 , and not only do we not intervene , but we cannot , in reality , do a vast amount about them .
What is happening here , however , is in fact even worse .
It is far more systematic and far more violent in relation to a particular group of women .
I therefore also think it good that the decision should include some clear and explicit points about the position of women in particular and should draw attention to how necessary it is for us to try to help prevent the Taliban regime from continuing with its wholesale discrimination against women .
Madam President , I want to begin by expressing my deep sympathy with those families who have been affected by the latest bloody events that have taken place in the area we are talking about .
Like others , I also want to express my concern about what is happening and , at the same time , say that , whenever this area is talked about , the impression given is really one of crossing a minefield and of its not taking very much to provoke a reaction , almost no matter what is said .
I too , however , must urge both the Commissioner and Mr Solana to do everything in their powers to press for the successful achievement of a ceasefire agreement , so that the bloody events in question might be brought to an end .
A minor example of this is the events that took place yesterday in Copenhagen when a peaceful demonstration turned violent .
What we in the EU must and shall do , therefore , is continue talking in terms of negotiation , negotiation and , again , negotiation , so that those windows which are now open do not close before we have achieved a result .
Otherwise , there is a strong possibility of things ending in disaster .
Madam President , when my fellow Danish MEP , Mr Bertel Haarder , spoke a little while ago , his Danish was so garbled that it was completely impossible to understand what he was saying .
It was really difficult to understand his Danish .
Mr President , as far as the Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party is concerned , it is crucial that the Europe of the future should also be a social Europe .
The political task is therefore to find the best way of achieving that objective .
For us in the Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party , it is important that decisions should be taken as close to the people as possible .
At the Lisbon Summit this spring , the EU' s Heads of Government adopted a far-sighted vision for the development of a social Europe .
This was established as a leading principle .
In our view , open coordination is the correct route to go down if we are to secure a social Europe .
I also want to express my appreciation of the major effort which Mrs Van Lancker has put into drawing up the report .
We do not therefore share the report ' s predilection for legislation at EU level .
I want to emphasise that , in the EU countries , we have different traditions and different problems in the areas of the labour market and social policy , and the decisions of the Lisbon Summit acknowledge this .
The Commission ' s proposal strikes a good balance .
Technological development and new methods of organisation call , of course , for flexible cooperation in which we concentrate more on objectives and on achieving results and less upon rigid regulation .
Of course , it must be binding , but it must be constructed from the bottom up and not developed by us specifying a host of rules and quotas centrally .
It is therefore important that more public interest be created for open coordination and that the latter should be focused on to a greater degree , whether it be in employment policy or with regard to the issue of social exclusion which we are now addressing and to which open coordination can also be applied .
The process should be much better known , and it is here that I think Parliament has something to offer .
I should also like to thank the other Anna for the substantial work she has done on this matter , something we could not have done without .
In this way , people have