trafficking of human beings in Europe , which is a modern form of slavery .
After this disappointment , it is important to regain the initiative .
Will you secure financing for the new climate initiatives in developing countries so that it is not just a repackaging of aid funding that is already intended for fighting poverty , among other things ?
Last autumn , we voted against Mr Barroso , since he does not share our view of the importance of good working conditions , equality and the transition to a sustainable society .
He also promised to come back with a regulation for resolving the problems as soon as possible .
They were also clear that they are willing to start work on implementing the necessary changes to European legislation .
We feel that the original wording of paragraphs 13 and 15 regarding the distinction between victims of human trafficking and irregular immigrants and concerning residence permits for people who have been exposed to trafficking is preferable , but we are voting in favour of the amendments to these paragraphs in order to achieve a compromise .
We prefer to see the resolution being adopted now and will continue to work towards victims of human trafficking being granted permanent residency .
Although we share the rapporteur 's desire to improve equality between women and men in Europe , we do not feel that interference with the sovereignty of the Member States through demands for so-called gender budgeting , by urging the Member States not to cut social benefits and by imposing quotas through legislation is the right way to go .
In the final vote , therefore , we voted against the report , even though there are naturally points with which we sympathise ; we fully support the statement that women must have control over their sexual and reproductive rights , for example .
You have an important task ahead of you .
Russia imposed tariffs on cars , China restricted food imports , India banned imports of toys and Argentina introduced import licences for textiles and leather goods .
I think the main reason was the WTO , the global regulatory authority for trade , which forces countries to behave and not to resort to protectionism and populism .
If we look around us right now , we can see that a number of countries have not yet come through the crisis ; perhaps they even have the worst yet to come .
We should instead work together and think about how we can make Europe more competitive by making it more open .
The issue of women 's rights is always high on my agenda , and therefore I am particularly pleased when they are also a focus of our discussions here in plenary , as today .
The Platform for Action adopted was the first global document of its type .
This Declaration already stated - in Article 2 - that everyone is entitled to all the rights and freedoms without distinction of any kind , and sex is expressly mentioned .
Within the EU , the issue of equality between women and men has a clear basis both in the treaties and in the Charter of Fundamental Rights .
I support the proposal for a European Protection Order , which I am very pleased that the Spanish Presidency has tabled .
We will follow the discussions and negotiations that form part of the assessment of how far the world has come in 15 years towards achieving the objectives of the platform .
We all know that when people want to vote separately on a paragraph , it is because it is particularly important , and that is why they do not want it voted on in a block with the rest of the resolution .
That is why we debate and discuss .
I hope and believe that everyone can accept the wording as it stands , because it only states what is self-evident to all of us .
The two main prerequisites in this context are smart energy grids and a free , well-functioning internal market in energy .
If we are to achieve a functioning market , it is also incredibly important that the information gathered from European enterprises is protected , so as to avoid any disturbance of the market .
Anything else would not be worthy of us and would be an incredibly unfortunate start to the cooperation that we need between Parliament and the Commission for a functioning internal market in energy .
However , this has given rise to debate concerning the 20 % rule .
Firstly , we must consider the fact that many Member States are currently under extreme pressure to cut staff and salaries .
I am voting in favour of the report but , at the same time , I would like to sound a note of warning concerning the future .
Mr President , for those of us who have worked hard on this Green Paper and the report , it feels extremely good to have now got as far as plenary .
For the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe , it was important for the reform to be based on an ecosystem approach .
Who really thinks that the EU 's discard policy is justifiable ?
Another welcome reform is the intention to introduce a separate approach for small-scale coastal fisheries .
It is important for our policy in this regard to go hand in hand with the EU 's human rights policy .
Mr President , Commissioner Damanaki , ladies and gentlemen , my eyes were opened to the EU 's common fisheries policy and its destructive consequences in 2002 , when , following a majority vote in the Swedish Parliament , Sweden decided on a unilateral ban on cod fishing for a year , but was prevented from implementing it by the European Commission .
