We already know that the EU can make important interventions .
Therefore , development work has a key role .
We must also identify potential conflicts at an earlier stage .
Now it is a common waterway and source of fish .
Similarly , we are strengthening relations with the OSCE.
Partnership with others naturally has to be driven by real needs and comparative benefits .
When I recently visited the Southern Caucasus with Mr Patten and Dr Solana , it was an obvious occasion to build on the OSCE' s and the European Council ' s knowledge of , and presence in , the area .
I would also like to point out that relations with civil society and NGOs are crucial if we are to succeed .
In order to prevent increased violence , the EU and the presidency representatives in Skopje established a close dialogue with FYROM' s government .
The important message to the public has been that FYROM' s future lies in closer ties with Europe and the EU and that stability and security is a vital condition of this .
Let me finally say a few words about other elements of the cooperation surrounding the Common European Security and Defence Policy .
We are working hard to turn the target of 5 000 police into reality .
We have also started work on other areas of capability - strengthening the judicial system and civil administration during crises and conflicts , and the Council Working Group for Rescue Services is drawing up concrete targets in its area .
We will therefore also open discussions on areas of capability other than those which we have previously identified , e.g . observers and experts in human rights and disarmament .
The fact is , I am going to Murmansk to discuss important nuclear safety issues in Northern Russia , and getting to Murmansk is not easy .
I have been nagging the Swedish Presidency for a long time to address the issue , as I believe that this should be an important matter for the image of Sweden - Sweden wants to be a country of peace .
This is perhaps a rather unusual way for a President-in-Office to inform Parliament of something .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I will try to answer some of the concrete questions addressed to the Council as briefly as possible .
Baroness Nicholson of Winterbourne addresses the issue of organised crime as a significant cause of conflicts and wonders whether the Council has tried addressing the problem of organised crime in its work on conflict prevention .
I can therefore promise Baroness Nicholson of Winterbourne that the presidency is actively trying to combat organised crime .
The common strategies have not always worked in the way that the Council and others had hoped .
In this context , I would also like to refer to Mrs Kinnock ' s question on the extent to which more common strategies should be developed for other areas , of which several were mentioned .
I will hand you over to Commissioner Patten to answer this question in more detail .
It has been invaluable for the Council and the presidency to be able to discuss these issues with you on an on-going basis .
The presidency aims to reach an agreement as soon as possible .
At the same time , we must ensure that the markets provide good consumer protection and that they are stable .
In order to keep to the timetable , we must put in the efforts required now .
This can and must be achieved while , at the same time , fully respecting the provisions of the Treaty , the rights of the institutions concerned and the existing balance between them .
The procedures proposed by the Committee of Wise Men for decisions at what are referred to as Level 1 and Level 2 are not actually new .
They are based on existing options , i .e . on the comprehensive legislative procedure and on implementation through comitology .
The legal framework with regard to delegating implementation powers is clear in respect of the Treaty , the Council ' s 1999 comitology decision , legal practice in the European Court of Justice and the decisions of the legislature when it delegates implementation powers in each particular case .
Through the new framework decision of 1999 , Parliament is also guaranteed a greater role than ever before , with a large degree of openness also guaranteed .
An independent Regulators ' Committee will act as an advisory group to the Commission when drawing up draft implementation measures for the framework principles .
This difference is important and , as everyone knows , forms the basis for the whole structure of the comitology .
Therefore the Council believes that there is no need for a further institutional framework in this area .
As I said , on 12 March , the ECOFIN Council welcomed the report and the proposed strategy of four levels and made good progress in setting the general rules for solving institutional and organisational issues which may arise from the strategy .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , foot-and-mouth disease is a terrible disease .
On 20 February this year , an outbreak of foot-and-mouth disease was identified in the UK.
The decision means a ban on the export from the UK of live animals , species which are susceptible to foot-and-mouth disease , and milk , meat and other animal products from these species .
Measures have been taken there similar to those taken in the UK.
The Council has complete confidence in the measures which have been taken in the UK and France and in the way the two countries have dealt with the problem .
An outbreak of so infectious and serious a disease as foot-and-mouth is always extraordinarily painful for everyone affected .
I would like to thank the honourable Member for addressing such an important