I entirely agree with that assessment and I share his concern about the lack of confidence .
Hence — and in this regard I disagree with one of the comments in Mr Goebbels’s report — in order to increase ownership at national level and in order that the debate in the States may be a political debate in which the governments and the parliaments define the political priorities and instruments for political action , during this very year , on presenting this integrated package , the Commission has not included the guidelines at national level .
We are growing less than the United States , we are creating less employment , we are less productive and we are very far from achieving the Lisbon objectives .
These fears are increasing because the response of the institutions has been weak .
Mr President , at this final point in the debate I would like once again to thank the rapporteurs , in particular the rapporteur for the broad economic policy guidelines , Mr Goebbels , for the excellent work they have done .
Allow me to make a final comment : as has been said , it is the case that structural reforms are difficult to launch and implement in an environment of low growth , but it is also the case that the countries that are growing most are the countries that have carried out reforms , as has been said in the debate .
Mr Juncker , we place our trust in you .     Mr President , for several months we have been hearing very worrying news from Sudan , specifically from Darfur .
Furthermore , the interconnections will provide us with better guarantees for dealing with occasional situations of scarcity of electricity supply .
I trust that this will be taken into account when establishing the financial perspectives for 2007-2013 because , if the budgetary allocation is reduced , this and all of the European Union’s programmes , such as Rural Development , Life , Trans-European Networks and the Seventh Framework Research Project , will be negatively affected .     .
It is also important to make it clear that the ultimate purpose of this directive is not exclusively to reduce consumption , since in countries in which there are significant sources free of emissions it is perfectly acceptable to take a more flexible approach which is more in line with their economic growth needs .
Furthermore , I believe it is appropriate to base the Community infrastructure on the spatial information infrastructures established and managed by the Member States , in full application of the subsidiarity principle , but amongst those infrastructures , particularly when the Member States , such as mine , have several levels of public administration .
I would also stress the extension of assistance to medium-sized companies for marketing and processing , as well as any form of producers association .
We have the obligation to correct the situation and I believe that this report makes a good contribution in this regard .     .
Beating terrorism requires that we keep the memory of its victims alive in our hearts .
The report for which I am rapporteur therefore calls for an urgent evaluation , but these two decisions are an example of the extent to which the European citizens need a Parliament that is able to be at the forefront of political decisions .
They range from enhancing the role of the European anti-terrorism coordinator to promoting the creation of the post of European public prosecutor .
This series of initiatives is aimed at drawing up a European policy that is capable of preventing terrorism as far as possible .
In the few minutes available to me I would like to be very concise and in particular to summarise the reasons and objectives that have inspired me to present this report in the European Parliament today .
Allow me to point out that the recent results in Europe confirm to us that we need a limited number of political projects , because there cannot be infinite political projects .
Its dispersed nature : we never know where it begins and ends ; we do not know what social structure sustains it nor which States , on occasions , are behind that group .
We must have the courage to call the organisation we are fighting by its name and there is no question that we are facing a series of fundamentalist groups which do not represent Islam , but which claim to operate in the name of Islam .
Mr President , Commissioner , at this point in time , combating terrorism , preventing it and wiping it from the face of the Earth must be the sole priority objective of this European Union’s policies .
We must not forget that on 11 March , Spain and Europe were attacked in a cruel and cowardly fashion because they represent a model of the freedoms that we in this House are always trying to safeguard .
If this fight is to be effective , we must base our efforts on prevention mechanisms , and I entirely agree with the Commissioner .
We are currently facing a very specialised kind of crime , terrorism , and this requires action not just by State institutions , but also cooperation in the international field .
Mr President , the victims must be heard , they must be respected and they must be protected , and the resources must be provided for doing all of this .
There are three types of reaction to this phenomenon : there are those who pay , there are those who leave the country and there are those who do not pay but who then pay a very heavy price for not doing so .
Several reports are being presented to this House today , each of which has followed