EU/US trade disputes Madam President , of course we too are pleased that the EU has spoken out quite clearly in favour of maintaining the ban on hormone-treated meat .
The outcome of the decision by 525 votes will impress the Council and make it now maintain this ban on hormone-treated meat and resume the discussions in the WTO panel , so as to make it clear that we are not in the mood to burden our people with this highly dangerous hormone-treated meat .
From the time of the first reading of the reports in the European Parliament up to the Berlin European Council at the end of March , Parliament influenced and modified the results in the course of intensive discussions , and in intensive negotiations after Berlin .
It is vitally important to economic and social cohesion and therefore to the very core of the European social model that the new regulation was adopted in good time , before the end of the European Parliament 's electoral term .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , as rapporteur on ISPA , the pre-accession instrument for the applicant countries , and a constant monitor of the general reform of the Structural Funds I am really glad that Parliament is bringing the negotiations on Agenda 2000 to a successful conclusion this week .
In concentrating on the most important aspects , it is of course inevitable that some regions will lose Objective 1 and 2 status in the medium term .
Firstly , Mr Fischler , we have not reduced the over-compensation from 1992 .
Basically all I have done is quote from them .
We greet the postponement of the reduction in milk prices to the year 2005 , primarily for reasons of economy , with a certain joy .
I receive a great many letters from Ukrainian pensioners who are in a really bad way and need help .
As the European Parliament and perhaps also as representatives of the Member States , we can agree under these circumstances , and with a clear conscience , to the results of Agenda 2000 and the decision-making procedure regarding this .
We have jointly agreed with the Council in the text that before the European Union 's budget is adopted , an additional trialogue meeting will always be held at which the Council , the Commission and Parliament will agree on how possible additional requirements - last year there was the matter of aid for Russia - can be covered by the appropriations not utilised in the current financial year , or how new requirements in the next financial year should be dealt with and how full agreement can be reached on this before the budget is adopted .
We have always urged that a regional GDP per capita of less than 75 % of the Community average be strictly applied as the criteria for the selection of future Objective 1 regions .
However , this alone is not sufficient .
I regret that agreement was not reached on the reforms in the milk sector .
As shadow rapporteur , I would be able to support the amendments which have arisen as a compromise from the negotiations within the Council if the Council and the Commission confirmed that the amendments in question would in fact be adopted and the danger of a third reading therefore did not arise .
It is now possible to set up inter-branch organisations throughout the whole of Europe .
I should like to finish by thanking all those who helped to ensure that we continue to have an independent Committee on Fisheries in the European Parliament .
Applause The losers are definitely the rural areas and especially the regions bordering with third countries .
It finally gives the European Parliament more rights with which to carry out one of the most important duties of a parliament , namely involvement in decision-making and controlling the other institutions .
I must say one more thing on this matter ; it is after all the last round of speeches this evening .
That is the good news I am able to give the presidency .
It is easy enough to say that , but numerous questions remain unanswered .
I believe that the public broadcasting system , which is certainly a staunch advocate of this amendment , really ought to trust the Commission and ourselves to continue the discussion of this matter .
For more than 30 years , medicines have been subject to a complex system of rules , which serves primarily to protect patients and consumers .
Moreover , the Internet offers opportunities for large-scale fraud at the expense of patients , as the WHO , along with other bodies , has repeatedly stressed .
As I discovered quite by accident this morning , the report is not to be debated until six o'clock this evening and the vote will take place tomorrow morning ; this is not the sort of treatment that such a report merits , because it is about people , about young people .
In this interinstitutional agreement and in the financial perspective , however , we are fixing the maximum rate of increase for the next seven years .
Mr President , for two years we have been discussing this report in committee - yes , for two years !
The only thing is that the legal situation has been unequivocally clarified , by your legal services for example .
The Mexican Parliament approved the agreement on the proviso that the government would consult it again at the end when the whole agreement was completed .
We want to help the poorest regions in Europe to reduce the gap between themselves and the richest regions .
That is by no means impossible , for there are many Arab states , such as Morocco , where there is perfect understanding between Jews and Arabs .
Applause
We do not really have