The Community has been active in this area , and , besides national and international laws , there are already several Community directives .
At any rate a justified monopoly structure does not need to be prevented through legislation , but people should be aware of the associated risks .
These risks must be countered by means of clear rules to apply throughout the Community .
The necessary statutory changes to Community legislation set out in the report will also have the effect of massively enhancing economic growth .
Technical advance in particular offers enormous opportunities for the development of new forms of work .
It was proof that Africa was flourishing .
That would be too much .
Destruction has permeated Zimbabwe’s entire social structure , from healthcare and education to the trade union movement and agriculture .
In inciting people to occupy land illegally , instead of implementing controlled land reform within a reasonable timeframe , Mugabe flouted the law of the land and so devastated the functioning core of society .
The fact that President Mugabe , former fighter for independence and national hero , degenerated to the level of dictator to keep watch over his own country is a tragedy of our time .
In Zimbabwe that could mean not only taking risks but also walking for miles to a polling station and queuing for hours .
Let us in the EU give our unambiguous support to those who , despite oppression , have the courage to fight for law and rights .     – Mr President , the Constitution is said to reflect the will of both the people and states .
We know how the will of states is measured : it is decided by parliaments .
If the Constitution is to be decided upon nationally , the large majority of our group think the will of the people should be measured by means of a referendum in all Member States .
Under the Constitution the present Union will be suspended .
If the Union that many countries joined after a referendum is suspended , a referendum will also have to be organised regarding accession to the new Union in as many Member States as possible .
These are not just about defence : a special additional protocol in it also provides for any demanding military operations that may be referred to as ‘peacemaking’ , and which therefore also include invasion .
In fact the EU is not now preparing for defence , but attack .
Neither should the involvement of NATO be written into the Constitution as has now been done .
The draft Constitution , however , is not satisfactory in this area .
Our group thus wants a social Europe but there have not been any satisfactory decisions taken by the Convention or the IGC in that area as far as we are concerned .
We need referenda .
Ninety-six members of the Convention called for a referendum .
Referenda are people’s democracy .     – Mr President , my thanks go to my colleague , Mr Piétrasanta , for the work he has done just as he is about to retire .
We would be able to combine the use of the GPS system , Galileo and the Glonass system .
Economically speaking , it is the most effective way to bring broadband within the reach of all Europeans regardless of where they live and without discrimination .
The weakness of the European Union lies in the fact that it has been incapable of integrating the sovereignties of its Member States in a way that would have led to consistent respect for human rights and a foreign and security policy which is genuinely based on global multilateralism .
Article 19 of the Treaty on European Union has often proved very unsatisfactory in this regard .
The 2001 action programme against torture , on the other hand , has been very much a case of empty rhetoric .
It is partly for that reason that the EU has less muscle in the UN than its importance and contribution might warrant .
Our historic duty is now to take responsibility for creating a more sustainable world order which would cover everything from a cooperation-based security model to the prevention of climate change .
Unless we can correct the worst distortions of globalisation our Community of values too will prove to be nothing more than a façade .
We will all then be the losers .     Mr President , my Group is against a resolution .     Mr President , the report on the work of the ACP-EU Joint Parliamentary Assembly contains some important considerations .
I think its is especially worthwhile that enhanced cooperation with the UN is visible in the matter of child soldiers , as is evident from the report .
There are an estimated 300 000 child soldiers under the age of 18 involved in some 40 conflicts throughout the world .
The use of child soldiers has increased with , for example , the development of weapons technology , as children can be made to use ever lighter and smaller weapons .
Now the corresponding figure is 90 % .
Civil wars are waged between different ethic groups , which in practice means civilian populations .
Children obey orders more readily than adults .
Furthermore , children are prepared to take risks that adults would refuse to .
The debate was preceded by the third report by the UN Secretary-General on children and armed conflicts .
This otherwise excellent report is still in need of some small stylistic improvements .
The Question Time in Rome was certainly animated , as points 6 and 26 state and which is all too commendable , but as it is actually mentioned twice , one gets the impression that this is an altogether unusual exception to the rule and that the basic nature of our work is lifeless and anaemic .  