Their exclusive power to interpret the Koran is constantly being abused for political ends .
The conflict between reformers and conservative clergymen is increasingly coming to a head .
The European Union must not lend itself to a dialogue that is used as a pretext for not actually carrying out any reforms .
Twenty-five years ago , a popular uprising put an end to a regime that had always sought military and economic cooperation with the West .
Excluding the most critical candidates reversed the political composition of the parliament from the outset , turning the large majority into a small minority .
If it turns out that the vast majority of the new Majlis consists of arch-conservative , even radical Islamists , we should not set any store by close relations . ‘A sheer waste of taxes , ’ a German Iran specialist , who is also a voter , commented to me an hour ago .
In the short term , the European Union should bring all diplomatic channels to bear in an attempt to induce the regime in Iran to reconsider the exclusion of reform-minded MPs from the elections .
We are therefore a long way from being the world 's most competitive region .
Regrettably , during those past four years , the necessary progress has not been made in order to realise those ambitions .
The Group of the European Liberal , Democratic and Reform Party believes that the heaviest burdens should rest on the strongest shoulders , but that involves all of them .
We need to create a labour market capable of offering scope , one that will also make such arrangements less necessary than they currently are .
It is too easy to trivialise this , as Mr Langen has done .
A European 'super-Commissioner ' for economic affairs is not the answer .
Every citizen must be able to follow all public meetings in their own language .
In that respect , I should like to stand up for music education , including classical music and opera .
This is what we did in the past , in respect of similar treaties such as those of Rotterdam and Basle , and so we should be consistent in this .
Finally , I should like to thank the rapporteur , Mrs  Frahm , for the work that she has done .
This current European consensus with regard to Russia is undisputed , but what matters is its concrete implementation , and that is where Europe 's self-criticism comes in .
At the same time , the Chechen tragedy is a problem that is avoided in international politics , as the title of a thorough recent study aptly suggests .
Good neighbourly relations and , above all , good partnership , should be accompanied by Russian foreign policy that reinforces stability on the continent .
It appears that our message is well received by the Russian Federation , to whom it is also addressed .
Their lengthy colonial status came to an end at the end of the last century .
First of all , there is the fact that European civil servants do not pay council tax .
An increase is totally indefensible at a time when many people are laid off and social security is being halted .
I am surprised at the eagerness with which Social Democrats and Greens are tabling amendments aimed at getting the Member States to accept the Members ’ Statute at this stage , without indicating that the salaries mentioned in the statute are excessive .
Economic self-interest or selfless feelings of solidarity lead them to prefer to overlook the shortcomings in the areas of environmental protection , human rights and democracy .
I thank you for the efforts you are prepared to make within our Institution , and I should like to ask you that we , as an Institution , send the message to the Council and the Commission that actual guarantees should be made to improve the situation of these women and stop the humiliations and exploitations .
I found this a poignant start to International Women 's Day , which is also the effect intended by this report .
No longer the token woman of yesteryear , but the young woman who does well in the media , but who expires very quickly .
I am pleased that the topic is on our agenda , especially since today is International Women 's Day .
Incidentally , I have to say that the often endless list of problems in so many areas and in so many amendments diminishes the power of the message and , in fact , suggests that this list is limitative .
The Commission 's message is quite clear : if we are not prepared to enable women to actually realise their right to equality , nothing will come of this noble ambition .
At every summit , we always see a sea of men in grey suits , older men with grey hair , and a few women thrown in for good measure .
Far from AIDS being driven back , the progress of the epidemic has not been stemmed .
That is why I believe that this is deserving of support .     – Madam President , first of all , I should like to warmly congratulate Mr Santini on the report he has put before us ; needless to say , it is very much to the satisfaction of the Commissioner , who has naturally been extremely active in this field , and is still continuing to approach this issue on a Community-wide basis .
That way , this term could become less charged and maybe its practical application could be broadened .
In countries where registered partnerships are recognised by the national legal system , citizens of other countries who are in the same form of partnership must be recognised .
So be