register either .
Mr President , we are all keen for the Member States to cooperate with one another , coordinating their strategies for creating sustainable employment .
Mr van Velzen is clearly an impatient man !
I particularly like his ideas on reducing working hours in a flexible way .
And he rightly sets his proposal in the context of the fight against unemployment .
Mr President , let me begin by stressing how important it is that jobs and employment policy are now to receive the treatment they deserve at EU level .
An abiding anti-inflationary strategy - in the current climate of low inflation throughout most of Europe - could in fact cause more problems than it solves on the employment front .
If we are to preserve socially viable societies , the big questions must be looked at from a long-term perspective .
Decisions on the rights of individuals belong within the realm of domestic policy .
Mr President , I too would like to thank our committee chairman for all the work he has put into this report .
The Commission appears content with the European social policy forums held every other year , although these are far from adequate .
This is an acceptable way forward , preferably in combination with commitment to the civil dialogue .
We have used this model of negotiation in Scandinavia for a long time now and would be happy to see it adopted at European level .
It will be up to the public bodies to act as mediators and facilitators , fostering contacts between the parties and stimulating discussion .
Secondly , the social dialogue will need special consolidation in Central and Eastern Europe , since the parties have not had the same scope for cooperation as has existed in labour relations elsewhere .
Mr President , under Article 118b of the Single European Act , the Commission is required to 'develop relations between management and labour at European level ' .
CEMR , the body representing hundreds of thousands of municipalities and regions around Europe , was set up back in 1951 .
It therefore makes sense in my view to envisage taking CEMR on board as a full and equal partner .
One of the main reasons for this is that the new treaty includes a specific reference to social and employment issues .
Is it a matter for politicians , or should the parties directly concerned be left to work things out for themselves ?
Whilst I can appreciate the desire to reduce the membership of the Standing Committee on Employment , I do feel that something may be lost if that happens .
Thirdly , I should like to raise the matter of the Standing Committee 's remit .
The criteria agreed upon then still hold good , and I wonder whether they will apply unchanged with the transfer to Objective 1 .
I should like to extend sincere thanks to the Commission for that answer , which was brief and to the point .
I wonder if the Commission believes that the draft agreement produced at OECD level would constitute a sound basis for these WTO negotiations .
This ruling is tantamount to a ban on retail activity .
I fail to see the economic rationale from anyone 's point of view , including that of the manufacturers .
There is also a regional policy dimension , in that citizens around the Union are entitled to a level playing field .
If the committee 's ideas are taken up , I am confident that this will be the case .
I do not make a habit of saying thank you , but Mr Añoveros has done such a good job that I cannot resist .
Mr President , the Murphy report is not simply another piece of legislative work .
I refused to take part in the first round of voting in committee last spring .
We owe special thanks to Mr von Wogau , who is a political stalwart , always ready to take on ambitious reports and opinions .
As the person responsible within Parliament for the SLIM project , he presumably realises that we need to do more than simply talk .
There are those who would probably have benefited from a very detailed proposal - the sort of people who take one view in general discussions and another when it comes to action which affects them in particular .
It is now up to them to demonstrate who can best meet the challenge of simplifying and improving EU procedures - fighting for a common framework , whilst trusting in the subsidiarity principle and letting the market have its say in working out standards and resolving details .
Mr President , I have one or two minor points to make .
I understand why the rapporteur wishes to see one of the coins abandoned , but I would warn against minting a coin as big as the 100 euro in gold .
Secondly , it would encourage counterfeiting and fraud .
It is worth remembering how much easier it is to counterfeit coins than banknotes .
This fraudulent exercise could be very profitable .
I wonder what the Liberals are up to ?
Something also has to be done about the translation !
I apologise to Mr Pasty for my incomprehension .
The Sonneveld report clearly shows that substantial funding - ECU 3 billion per year in all - has been made available to help the applicant countries to make the necessary changes for future membership of the EU.
The Commission 's proposal on agricultural reform , as set out in Agenda 2000 , goes mainly in the right direction .
Regardless of the problems we will encounter , it is vital that we never lose sight of the overriding goal of making Europe a better and more harmonious place by means of enlargement .
