I am grateful to Prime Minister Balkenende for committing himself to this road , which is still the road that has given the least favourable results compared with expectations .
The same concept also applies to our external borders .
The strategy is simple : first we defined the political priorities for the period after 2007 and then we put on the table the schedule of the minimum financial resources needed to achieve these objectives .
We have made these decisions very seriously , and it is our job to find the resources in the Community budget to achieve them , because they are tasks that have been entrusted to us by the European Council .
It would be premature to reveal its contents now , but I can only say that we are collecting analyses , facts and statements across the board .
This will be one of the fondest memories I shall keep of my experience at the head of the Commission .
You also used the word sustainability , a very fashionable term these days but one that for many has very little substance .
I thank Prime Minister Balkenende for his speech , his response and especially for the cooperation with which his term has begun .
Citizens today are finding it difficult to identify with the European Union , which they see as too distant from their national realities and from the specific , legitimate , concrete interests that concern them .
Europe must be united in the fight against terrorism and organised crime and in encouraging the growth of democracy in those countries where it is still denied .
Human rights , personal dignity , respect for freedom and the pursuit of peace must not remain just documents signed by the three Community institutions but must become economic , political and cultural actions directed towards those parts of the world where suffering and misery are tragic realities .
I would like to say that I very much welcomed certain parts of your intervention , particularly those relating to fighting discrimination and promoting equal opportunities .
You strongly and repeatedly stressed this notion , including today .
Mr Barroso , I therefore have a very specific question , and I hope that your reply will be just as clear .
From global security to economic policy and the Middle East , the interests we have in common with our Atlantic partner cannot be forgotten .
President-Designate , I am certain that the Commission you are to preside over will also play its full part in implementing the interinstitutional agreement .
I believe my fellow Members have the right to know – although I think most of them do already – why we chose to make ourselves visible like this to Mr Barroso .
I am very well aware that you are not keen on this topic , and you told us this quite clearly during our meeting by hiding a little behind the notes that the Commission and its staff had prepared for you .
We believe that only a Commission with strong parliamentary support can perform its role , which must first of all , as the Treaties themselves state , be the result of a strong connection between Parliament and the Commission .
I am quite sure that nobody would want an agenda for poverty , war , instability and so on .
We have just had elections in which practically all the governments were defeated , not because the citizens did not understand or were not informed , but because there was mass protest at decisions such as those on the war , some of which Europe made itself and some of which it did not oppose .
We hope that demographic and family policies will be developed within a broad framework of social protection .
The first concerns information .
Since this matter was not dealt with clearly enough in your address , I should like you to explain what concrete initiatives you intend to adopt in order to achieve a common European position in favour of peace and to ensure that Europe plays an important role and maintains an active presence in the process of reconstructing civil society and democracy in Iraq .
Mr President , thinking also of the hygiene and health situation and the humanitarian conditions of these journeys , I ask you if it would not be appropriate for a European Parliament delegation – perhaps even with your own distinguished presence – to visit Lampedusa to see this situation , which is now a distressing emergency from a humanitarian point of view as well .
This policy also laid down the use of economic instruments – the so-called market instruments – and voluntary measures , as well as the possibility of emissions trading and of introducing taxes and fiscal instruments to reduce that kind of pollution .
Unfortunately , it seems that recently the policy of the International Civil Aviation Organisation has been leaning towards a different position .
Secondly , I ask them what measures they intend to take to maintain the European Union’s right to apply measures of this type , to create an emissions trading market or to be able to introduce fiscal measures aimed at discouraging the use of highly polluting fuels within the European Union or elsewhere .
Examples of this are the PNR case – the agreement with the United States on passenger details – and the comitology procedure on GM organisms , but I could mention others .
The other speakers have already mentioned the Members ’ Statute , and therefore I do not need to expand on it too much .
We hope we can count on your support to ensure that the subcommittee can work completely independently to rebuild its vast network of contacts and collaboration with those who uphold human rights around the world , giving them a voice and legitimacy and maybe , in the long term , becoming