Bersani report for the introduction of a common base for company tax .
I should also like to join Mr García-Margallo y Marfil in saying that I am pleased that it is Commissioner Kovács who will be handling this dossier , rather than his fellow-Commissioner Mr McCreevy , who paid us a recent visit .
It is simply about accommodating the wishes of industry .
Against this backdrop there are two issues I would like to raise .
This is not to say anything about the way the money is distributed , but we want certain – let us say – more ‘awkward ’ groups that are currently suffering discrimination – homosexuals , certain reglious groups or the Roma , for example – to have equal access to this programme with all the other groups that are suffering discrimination .
One possible explanation I could offer for this is the fact that we are now , for the third time , concluding an agreement with the Council on democratic control on the spending of common foreign and security policy funds .
This strange Charter of Fundamental Rights is a kind of Bon March é or Ikea catalogue that entitles everything and everyone to all manner of things , which makes it a particularly dangerous vehicle .
Let us turn our attention to this , to the time bomb of the multicultural society that puts the basic achievements of our society at risk .     Mr President , I read in the Roure report that one of the messages to be sent out in the course of 2007 , the European Year of Equal Opportunities , is that everyone is entitled to equal treatment .
Clearly , the world is not yet rid of the Robespierres , the Freislers , the Berias and their cowardly accomplices in this House .     Mr President , I have voted against the Wallis report because it goes against the tradition that Parliament does not address the question of whether immunity should be lifted where opinions constituting an offence are expressed , or are alleged to have been expressed .
Registration of that nature would therefore be rather pointless .
We in this House are always talking about better lawmaking , and then along comes this sort of nonsense .
My group will therefore simply vote against the proposal .     Mr President , Mrs Klamt said earlier that she was unable to contact the rapporteur , and I can understand her being increasingly hesitant about picking up the phone or sending him an e-mail .
Sadly , I have to say that the compromise , which will undoubtedly be accepted tomorrow , does not make me feel any safer .     Mr President , in early October , it became apparent that more than 200 officers of the Rotterdam police force tried to read the dossier of the ex-Feyenoord player Robin Van Persie .
Mr Clarke , you think that the lack of massive quantities of traffic data is a threat to our security .
It is those methods that we need to fight terrorism .
Also , you state that it does not apply to children’s or youth programmes , but I am at a loss as to know , on the basis of the communication , whether it includes on-demand content .
On behalf of Parliament , I should like to thank the British Presidency , and particularly Mr Twigg , for his successful commitment .
Additionally , from 2012 onwards , Member States will be required to impose toll charges from 3.5 tonnes upwards , with exceptions , because excessive administrative costs and a negative impact on the environment should , of course , be prevented .
The proposal goes on to make statements about the future .
That is why a drastic shift away from roads to rail and water is necessary , as is the reduction of needless transport .
Member States can , if they so wish , invest the full amount in asphalt .
Finally , I should like to congratulate the rapporteur on the result achieved and on the way in which this was brought about .     Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , I should first of all like to thank the rapporteur , Mrs Wortmann-Kool , for the work she has done and , above all , for the result that is on the table today .
This is surely considerable progress on the road to fairer competition between the modes of transport , with the underlying principle being that the polluter pays .
Sugar cane can even be used as cattle fodder .
The funds required for this must come from Chapters 4 and 1 of the European budget , as this is , after all , a matter of development and agriculture .     .
This is another example of how badly our democratic institutions are equipped to cope with this sort of demagogy , which governments use to play on the fears that are current among the public .
No, indeed not .
We can at any rate set up a temporary committee , along the lines of the one that worked so well in the case of Echelon .
It would become President Bush if he did not oppose this by using his veto against it .
This hypocrisy should stop as a matter of urgency and the legal framework in which the fight against terrorism must be carried out must be tailored to today’s needs .     Mr President , we do of course take extremely seriously the case that we are discussing today , which has to do with possible abuses that touch the very heart of our democracy and our opinions on human rights .
The European Union has the duty to guarantee the letter and spirit of the treaties and guard our values .
