, Thursday 's European Council brings us one step nearer to achieving a more open , more democratic Europe and one with a capacity to act .
It is true that , since 2000 , trade between the European Union and China has increased by 150 % ; it is also true that it has become much harder to produce statistics on the deteriorating human rights situation in China .
It was certainly salutary to find the Union taking a firm stand on that occasion .
We , the law-makers , have a duty of explanation towards our fellow citizens .
The assessment of Bali is a striking example .
In this new globalised world , there is no place for 'everyone for himself ' .
Europe claims to be at the forefront of this battle , and in fact the targets set by the 27 Member States for reducing emissions are on the right lines .
Secondly , as regards the contribution of the automotive industry to the fight against global warming , the targets for the reduction of CO2 emissions are in line with the Davies report we adopted in October .
The Slovenian Presidency undeniably marks the integration of the new Member States within the European Union .
Thus , as regards the ratification of the Treaty of Lisbon , you are required to ensure that no Member State apart from Ireland sets the bad example of organising a referendum , including countries that have made firm commitments to do so .
In its current state , the draft directive on their return deserves the 'outrageous directive ' label given to it by organisations that defend human rights .
The Kenyan people , I believe , want to get to the bottom of this situation and are calling for new elections to make things perfectly clear . on behalf of the PSE Group . - ( FR ) Madam President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the Second Internet Governance Forum was held in Rio from 12 to 15 November last year , and was attended by 2 100 people from all five continents representing interested Internet parties from all public and private sectors .
The second reason is the new situation since the people of Gaza have opened up the border .
We all know that an impetus is needed from the international community on Gaza and on the West Bank , including East Jerusalem .
In this context , and given the shortcomings of the present controls , Europe is preparing to arm itself with a new regulation that will permit a better distribution of data among the Member States with regard to the movement of goods and the various investigations that are being carried out in the different countries of the Union .
The status of authorised economic operator , which is directly related to the events of 11 September , was introduced by the so-called 'security amendment ' Regulation , whose aim was to offer greater facilities to operators and hence offset the new burdens they had to shoulder in order to cope with security-related aspects .
This will no doubt answer the concerns voiced by Mrs McGuinness .
So the ALDE Group supports the provisions requiring importers to be more attentive to product marketing , by giving them a share of responsibility for it with all that that entails .
In June 2009 , our commitment to a Europe of shared values , a Europe of prosperity , a Europe of security and solidarity will be put to the test of the popular vote .
There can be no room for negotiation when it comes to the security of Europe 's territory or its people .
We approve of sending an EU police and justice mission to support the authorities in Kosovo .
We invite Kosovo to pursue a stable , democratic , multi-ethnic future - and a European future .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the Committee on Civil Liberties , Justice and Home Affairs expresses its support for the report by our fellow Members Mr Corbett and Mr Méndez de Vigo .
The role of the national parliaments will be enhanced on matters of subsidiarity .
In the field of police and judicial cooperation , it is essential that the EU takes robust , coordinated measures to fight the globalisation of crime and terrorist threats .
The European Parliament has just approved the Treaty of Lisbon , though nobody was asking it to do so .
This quotation explains in substance that you need to follow the underlying forces that lead to the great changes in society , otherwise you will end in ruin and failure .
We believe , without a shadow of a doubt , that the second explanation is the correct one .
Firstly , in terms of human rights and democracy , the abuse of many women ( forced marriages , sexual exploitation , rape , etc. ) and child labour in the region are totally unacceptable .
As for the Kosovo Albanians themselves , will the EU be able to satisfy their expectations after fuelling them ?
On the other hand , it may be enough to discredit it , and there have been many attempts to weaken and divert it , as we know .
In any case , I would like to thank the Commission for the quality of its communication , which has enriched the debate , and we have benefited from it in the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs .
To regain confidence in the future , our citizens need their job security and dignified living conditions restored .
Immigration is not a new phenomenon in the European Union and , with a positive balance of two million immigrants per year - a figure that has been stable for several years - legal immigration contributes to the composition of the active population of the European Union , just as it contributes to the composition of European society .
