At the same Council meeting , ministers agreed that employment is an important factor for the avoidance of exclusion .
An important element of the EU 's strategy for better management of migration is to establish partnerships with third countries on matters of border control .
A number of such arrangements have already been concluded and others are currently under discussion .
As the honourable Member states in his question , measures to improve access are vital in the fight against discrimination .
The Presidency further reported that the specific issue of the 'design ' or 'manufacture of goods ' should also be covered by the proposal .
We need all the Member States to be in agreement before we can proceed further in the Council .
It is essential to provide special protection for people and groups who are particularly vulnerable and to combat exclusion .
In March 2008 , the Council - together with the governments of the Member States - also passed a resolution on the situation of people with disabilities within the EU.
The importance of integrating vulnerable people and groups into the labour market is further endorsed by the Council in its conclusions of 13 November 2009 , which I made reference to in relation to the previous question .
I believe that this decision will also include access to education for all .
As regards the proposed Council Directive on implementing the principle of equal treatment between persons irrespective of religion or belief , disability , age or sexual orientation , we realise that life for people with disabilities would be very positively affected were the Commission 's proposal to become a reality .
As mentioned previously , the Member States must be in agreement on the proposal .
In all its relations with third countries , the Council always pays particular attention to ensuring that basic rights and the rule of law are respected .
The reports on this have been extremely contradictory .
When does the Council intend to take action in these matters ?
The latest dialogue meeting was held in Hanoi last week , on 11 December .
On 10 November , the Council and the Commission held a long discussion with the members of the Plum Village community .
We mentioned the expropriation of church property , we mentioned the attacks on campaigners for human rights and blog writers - as brought up by Members previously in this House - and we also mentioned the situation of the adherents of Plum Village .
On 8-10 December 2009 , an EU delegation visited the Bat Nha monastery and the Phuoc Hue temple , to which nearly 200 remaining members of Plum Village have fled .
How we deal with this waste naturally has a major impact on the environment .
The Commission 's recently published report on the implementation of the EU 's legislation on waste concludes that although some Member States have made progress , huge implementation efforts are required in a great many States if the infrastructure for waste management is to meet EU requirements .
The Council has stated previously in its conclusions of June 2009 that it agrees with the Commission .
The Council also stated that better management of biodegradable waste would contribute to more sustainable management of our resources , increase land protection , help combat climate change and , in particular , enable targets for diverting waste from landfill , recycling and renewable energy to be met .
In the last few months , the Presidency has also done its utmost to ensure that the provisions on transparency in the Council 's Rules of Procedure are applied .
As regards the number of public deliberations , 59 items of legislation were adopted publicly as A items within the ordinary legislative procedure and nine proposed items of legislation were discussed as B items during a public Council meeting .
The new Commission will no doubt increase the number of legislative proposals that are to be dealt with by the Council and the European Parliament and the number of items will then increase .
In conclusion , I would like to mention that yesterday , the Swedish Presidency took the initiative for a meeting with the interinstitutional working group on transparency with Commission Vice-President Margot Wallström and Vice-President Diana Wallis .
The Council accepts this common text and the President of the European Parliament can thus declare the budget finally approved .
Nonetheless , we hope that next year 's budgetary procedure will allow sufficient time to deal with these matters .
It has been a great honour for me to serve Europe in this way and I would like to express my thanks for this opportunity .
However , a large part of the recovery plan involves investments in CCS technologies .
We believe that agricultural policy needs to be deregulated and market-based if it is to be of benefit to consumers and the rural population .
Thorough reform of the common agricultural policy is therefore necessary .
During the same period , all trade barriers in respect of agricultural produce and fish should be phased out , thereby allowing free trade in food .
This in itself is important , but we believe this matter should instead be dealt with at national level .
That is why I am very disappointed to be debating this important issue here so late in the evening before an empty chamber with no audience and no journalists .
That is why I am pleased that we are debating this important issue this evening .
We also need to have proper sanctions in place that really reflect the seriousness of this crime and that really hurt those who are making money out of trafficking in human beings .
Finally , I appeal to the Council , the Commission , the European Parliament , the Member States and the other EU institutions : let us stand together to put a stop to the