I therefore believe that , tomorrow - and here I appeal to the Group of the European People 's Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats : your amendments are not reasonable - we must vote in favour of this text , and we must send out a strong signal at a time when Europeans sometimes doubt Europe .
It makes the relationships between producers and performers fairer thanks to a clause that permits performers to exercise their rights where they are not exercised by producers .
It is understandable : for reasons of their own , a number of States have reservations about this now that the European elections are approaching , but Parliament sought to take up the gauntlet .
I should like to thank all of the coordinators , since we have worked in an unprecedented manner , we have worked very much upstream , and the report that has been submitted has achieved very broad support within the Committee on Transport and Tourism .
Your resolution on the Green Paper on Urban Mobility , drafted under Mr Rack 's leadership and adopted on 9 July 2008 , upholds this conclusion .
Mr President , Commissioner , Mr Savary , ladies and gentlemen , we are here in a parliamentary assembly that is made for voting on texts , Commissioner , and we are above all in a parliamentary assembly so that texts are implemented .
This issue has obviously already been raised within our Urban Housing Intergroup , and we would like to express our gratitude to you in advance for taking account of the integrated approach here too .
I have made sure that we do not revert to this type of debate .
We are not inventing them this time ; that has been going on for years .
However , I am afraid the recent vote has left a bitter taste in my mouth .
In addition , of course , if I am abroad and things go wrong , I need to have a place that I can turn to .
Nosocomial infections alone affect on average one in every 20 hospital patients , making a total of over 4 million patients a year .
The rarity of these diseases creates challenges both from a scientific and an economic viewpoint .
The latter has allowed no more and no less than a doubling of the budget for scientific research - a miserly budget , I might say in passing : EUR 13 per year per citizen , compared with EUR 50 in France and EUR 57 in Germany , to take but two examples .
The regulatory framework that we are establishing today should be able to improve the conditions in which these ratings are prepared , provided they are used in a supervisory framework for regulated activities .
That is a shame .
We absolutely must lay the ghost of protectionism to rest .
Finally , we also have a responsibility towards the developing countries .
That is the price of the mad dash to cash for profit and to profit for cash .
Firstly , its constant references to the Treaty of Lisbon are unacceptable , as this treaty has not been ratified and , no doubt , never will be .
Whilst it is true that we fully support the objectives of the reform , which are to improve the market 's operation , to give credibility to the CE label and to simplify the system , and that we share the unquestionable interest in having a common technical language , a broad majority of the members of the Committee on Internal Market and Consumer Protection were anxious to air their doubts .
To the same end - and this will be my fourth point - we have helped to significantly enhance the user information provided by manufacturers in the declaration of performance .
There is also a need to address all the points that we have mentioned .
However , on this issue , many products are currently excluded from the scope , and , in our opinion , they should be included as quickly as possible ; this is particularly the case for some types of pension schemes that work via capitalisation , and , more generally , we think that the proposal to include products which guarantee 95 % of the investment does not offer sufficient guarantees .
Two systems are involved here : exchange of information between tax authorities and withholding tax .
However , I think that a strong signal tomorrow from the European Parliament on the question of the scope , on the question of banking secrecy , and on the question of the list of tax havens will be a valuable help to the Council , especially if , in future , we need to negotiate new agreements with third countries .
Within the limitations of its obligations in terms of confidentiality , the Commission is working to be more transparent and to publish more information in its annual report on the Europa website and in its correspondence .
Madam President , I would like to talk about the report by Mr Purvis on electronic money .
It is ultimately the future of a society that is being decided through this draft law , and Afghan society has already expressed its desire not to remain excluded from these debates .
The merits of this text are that it proposes a method that is based more on risks and controls , and makes the regulations on animal by-products and the legislation on hygiene more consistent , while also introducing additional rules on the traceability of animal by-products .
Unfortunately , the Commission 's proposal is still too weak on one essential point : the social security of assisting spouses and recognised life partners .
Their specific situation will be examined within the framework of the new directive on equal treatment between