This was why the EASDAQ was so urgently needed when it came into operation at the end of 1996 .
Some Member States already have special tax arrangements , but these should be extended to investments in other European capital markets .
I only wish this were true , but in fact the opposite was the case between 1995 and 1996 , when unemployment actually went up slightly .
The growth of the 'eco-industry ' also offers a positive outlook , particularly in terms of employment .
When will the report on 1998 be ready ?
This brings the number of countries which have ratified the Treaty to 40 , which means that it came into force on 1 March 1998 and the process of ridding the world of landmines can now begin on 1 March 1999 .
Why ?
But how can childcare be free ?
We need quantified targets and timetables , we need experts on gender issues , the National Action Plans must be evaluated and responsibility must be taken for the way in which the money from the Structural Funds is spent .
Do not misunderstand me , I have nothing against this report , which is very good for the most part , and I have no objection to most of the recommendations it makes , which are ultimately designed to give men and women greater equality of opportunity .
I shall therefore confine myself to just three comments on the excellent and interesting report by my colleague Mrs Marinucci .
Nowhere in the Union do women receive the same pay for the same work .
It was Turkey 's internal affairs which led many Members of the EP to vote against its accession during the negotiations with applicant countries .
I can summarise it in a few sentences .
The Commissioner is undoubtedly an expert on Africa , he listed a number of problems , quite rightly pointed to the need to find solutions to them and described a number of possibilities .
In Burundi too a colonel seized power .
Then Laurent Désiré Kabila , heading an army of mainly Ugandans and Rwandans , took control of the whole of Congo-Zaire .
There are probably eight countries involved in the troubles .
The international community is invisible , the United Nations refuses to act .
The people of the Democratic Republic of Congo are having to watch themselves becoming the victims of yet more violence in this endless conflict .
He will also have to accept international mediation which has to involve the rebels , otherwise there can be no mediation .
Political opposition groups are not given any opportunity to function democratically , and this often leads them to seek support from related tribes over the borders , which in turn gives the dictators an excuse to take cross-border military action .
Members of the opposition are systematically arrested , imprisoned , disappear , are tortured and killed .
I spent two weeks visiting those camps and I was shocked at the terrible stories I heard .
The fact that democracy and human rights are being repressed justifies an economic boycott .
At a time when the movement against the death penalty is gaining support throughout the world , the Palestinians are going in the opposite direction .
I myself was an observer at the elections organised by the United Nations four years ago , the largest peace operation which the United Nations has ever carried out in the area .
Equal rights for homosexuals
As far as I am concerned - and this may sound oldfashioned but I am not ashamed to say so - I cannot approve of it and I believe that the vast majority of those who elected the Members of this Parliament would not approve of it either .
As you know , there has been civil war there since 1956 but nothing was known about it until CNN began its broadcasts , because nothing exists without CNN.
Mr President , in my country , the Netherlands , we too have suffered floods on a number of occasions .
The person in seat number 85 has taken a number of photographs of this side of the Chamber today .
Madam President , I think I should tell Mr Seppänen that I have just used my mobile phone , because this telephone is out of order , to warn the secretary-general of my group to find out what has happened to Mr Seppänen 's film .
We will also be helping the children to grow up in an environment that gives them the security they need and sets an example for their own lives , so that they do not end up in a vicious circle .
My group takes the view that social security must be individualised .
Commissioner Flynn , do not fix any quotas , we do not need them at the moment because we want to give mainstreaming a chance first .
They have supported every single agreement since then .
So in our view the whole question of controls needs to be tightened up .
There are no clear criteria which agreements have to meet .
On 3 August , I put a priority written question to the Commission on the threat of war in Angola .
We asked you then to refer it back to the Committee on Civil Liberties and Internal Affairs because I as the rapporteur hoped that a reopening of the debate might enable the differing views on the matter to be reconciled .
For this reason , Parliament and the Commission too have already organised a number of successful conferences on this matter .
As long as differences in approach persist , Member States will suffer as a result .
Mr President , an attempt to shut the stable door after the horse has bolted , that is how Mr Wiebenga described the proposal for a