larger banks and a dozen companies have external ratings .
I am worried about a large number of national options .
I should also like to mention mutual recognition with the US.
EU banks and investment firms operating in non-EU countries should not be penalised by the potential burden arising from divergent requirements between their home and host supervisory authorities .
The report reiterates Parliament 's stance on pursuing an inclusive Community cohesion policy .
We must not , however , pit regions in difficulties in the present Union against poor regions in the new Member States .
I am not going to go over the content of the reports again here , but I would like to highlight the importance of a few matters .
The reports call for combining regional policy with other policies .
When the Union enlarges , the need to reform regional policy will intensify .
This will demand determined work on the part of the Commission and the Member States also .
Islands , mountain regions and sparsely populated regions all have the same kind of problems .
Development in the Union 's northernmost region is overshadowed by long distances , a low density of population , a cold climate and an ageing population as a result of people moving away in droves .
The same region nevertheless holds many great opportunities .
Mr Pomés Ruiz 's report has increased cohesion .
We must take full account of the needs of the new Member States in future proposals to ensure there is effective use of aids to achieve structural reforms and that the aids have permanent effects on citizens ' lives .
Such permanent constraints are , for example , remoteness and geographical isolation .
These regions , moreover , have a low population density and difficult climatic conditions .
Thus , the means by which aid is delivered to the outlying , sparsely populated northern regions is not the most important consideration , as long as these needs are taken account of with a sufficient sense of solidarity and equality .
Mr President , I would first like to congratulate the rapporteurs , Mr Mastorakis and Mr Pomés Ruiz , for their excellent reports .
Cohesion policy is founded on the Treaty on European Union .
The danger is that regional and structural policy funding with regard to the old Member States will decrease .
Then these least favoured regions in terms of their economy would be having to pay more for enlargement than the regions that are economically the strongest , which , on the other hand , will benefit most from it .
In Finland and Sweden in particular , there are sparsely populated , remote regions , the current Objective 1 areas , for which access to markets is difficult .
This is visible in the under utilisation of funds , which is catastrophic .
This jeopardises the credibility of this whole area of policy .
That is why this rule too should be revised .
Hopefully we all realised during the summer that there is life outside Parliament too .
Parliament has stressed that 0.45 % of the Union 's GDP should be used to finance this policy .
It is not prudent to commit to any fixed sum in advance .
Is it sensible , however , to share out aid among all the regions with each one getting just a few crumbs , and at enormous administrative cost ?
We should consider Britain 's proposal that there should only be support for the EU 's poorest regions .
Other regional aids would be nationalised , so that EU bureaucracy may be avoided .
Any major change such as this still unfortunately comes up against a brick wall regarding policy .
If we are going to make the EU a dynamic area , as we said we would at Lisbon , we should understand that money does not grow on trees , not even in this age of GMOs .
Mr President , I am glad that Mr Pomés Ruiz has noted in his report the special consideration and support needed for Northern Finland and Sweden , where the population density is extremely low and the climate is harsh , and which are a long way from European markets .
Currently these areas have Objective 1 status .
EU regional policy has contributed to the development effort in these areas by improving competitiveness and encouraging entrepreneurship .
As a result of the Union 's regional level of activities , Northern Finland and Sweden have developed innovative solutions in the fields of eLearning and eHealth , for example .
However , it should not be forgotten that geographical handicaps often restrain development of the economy , production and hence employment .
If they are not eligible under other Structural Funds they should benefit from the renewed Objective 2 or other similar Community initiatives .
I am very happy to note that Mr Barnier has spoken about an a la carte model for the renewed Objective 2.
It is also very much welcomed by the Parliament .
Now I can slow down some time in the autumn .
Before that the United States of America had a real stranglehold on the Member States , owing to bilateral agreements .
Once again the interests of consumers have been eclipsed by the benefits achieved .
Instead of the narrow , national approach , we should realise that national airlines are not an end in themselves but inexpensive and efficiently organised flights are , because the customer , the European , is always right .
The Commission 's proposals regarding air service agreements are therefore entirely appropriate .
If we allow airline competition to increase , less well-off Europeans will also be able to fly down with them .
My group supports his work in all its aspects .
It will apply to such areas as maritime cargo transport and logistics .
