In connection with the Northern Dimension Action Plan we still have to continue to develop frontier crossing points and obtain Russia 's involvement in making it easier to cross borders at current crossing points .
We nevertheless need administrative reforms , one common programme to implement action in this area , and less bureaucracy and more action .
I believe that these matters will be taken into account in the forthcoming action plan .
Mr President , the Northern Dimension is the northern equivalent of the European Union-Mediterranean Partnership .
The Baltic Sea , which will soon be virtually an internal sea of the EU , is the world 's most polluted sea .
The Barents Sea , on the other hand , is threatened by nuclear waste and the exploitation of natural resources on the seabed .
It sets forth the key issues that the Commission must take account of when it drafts the action plan for the period 2004-2006 .
Unfortunately , the countries to hold the presidency this year have not included a mention of the development of the Northern Dimension in the Council 's action programme .
Something that is of strategic importance is cooperation on energy .
Investment in the energy sector will improve the reliability of the supply of gas and ensure there is shared responsibility for the sustainable exploitation of energy resources .
These are positive steps in the right direction in a situation in which we are being called upon to compensate for Russian capitalism 's lack of responsibility for nature and people .
NGOs are weapons in the struggle against bureaucracy both in the EU and in Russia .
The Northern Dimension motorcar today is being driven in too low a gear .
I agree with the criticism expressed here by Mr Suominen : the representative of the Greek Presidency should have been present here while we are speaking about the Northern Dimension .
Mr President , Commissioner Patten , I would very much like to welcome you to Parliament to discuss the Northern Dimension with us .
While we have called on Italy and Greece here to correct their obvious error and include the Northern Dimension in their programme , I would like to praise Denmark , which was good enough to invite Parliament to the Ministerial Conferences both in Luxembourg and Greenland .
It seems that now at last a way has been found for the EU , various donor countries and international financial institutions all to do their bit to solve the huge problems that relate to the environment and nuclear safety .
When the political parties were discussing the joint resolution - and it was a very amicable debate - we noted with satisfaction that the Barents Euro-Arctic Council in Kirkenes last week seems to have reached some sort of agreement whereby Russia will sign the MNEPR Agreement you mentioned , and that is a prerequisite for cooperation on nuclear safety to commence in earnest .
Arctic cooperation is an absolutely essential part of the Northern Dimension and we have managed to address , for example , the concern that the aboriginal peoples in the north have regarding their traditional means of livelihood .
Finally , I just want to say that it will be an immense challenge to cross the prosperity chasm that exists between Russia and the European Union .
Mr President , the concept of the Northern Dimension must be understood in a broad sense .
With the enlargement of the European Union the importance of cross-border cooperation will increase , as the border we share with Russia will lengthen and as we will be acquiring new neighbours .
Cross-border cooperation is first and foremost bilateral action between the EU and its Member States , on the one hand , and Russia and our other neighbours , on the other hand .
Bilateral and multilateral action are both restricted by a lack of funds .
It is being proposed once again in our joint resolution that a special budget heading should be created for the Northern Dimension .
The principles of the Northern Dimension must also be remembered when we discuss the enlarging Union 's regional and agricultural policy and other areas of internal policy that particularly affect the development of the northern regions .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the southern parts of Russia , the Caucasus and Caspian Sea regions , are caught up in a vicious circle of conflicts that have been going on for a long time .
The United States of America is building - has already built - a network of military bases close to Russia 's southern border .
The oil pipeline that passes through Chechnya has been damaged by the war .
An enormous gas pipeline project from the Arctic Ocean , via the Baltic Sea , to Central Europe is already being planned .
Now it is a question of what the role of the European Union is .
Because it is in that area that our dependence on Russia is most clearly visible .
This excellent idea and model for a Northern Dimension , underrated and afflicted by confusion as it has been , now needs a centre of focus , and that should be energy .
In this way this whole great idea would gain extra momentum , and not least because the accession of Poland and the Baltic countries to the EU will create more pressure to improve the structure of this Northern Dimension .
I want to thank Denmark for having been so active in this area , and I shall put Greece on the same scales that we used to weigh Denmark 's efforts , with the praise that resulted .
There is greater need for the project at present than ever before .
Something else will need to be found to replace bituminous shale and Ignalina .
One cannot merely rely on gas