Europol should be used to prevent the free movement of people who have been convicted of football-related crimes to ensure that they do not cause the same kind of trouble as at previous World Cup and European championship tournaments .
I also believe that the provisions should be invoked on the grounds of public security to prevent the free movement of German neo-Nazis who produce Holocaust denial material in Denmark with the clear intention of reimporting it into Germany , where it is illegal .
I hope that the Danish Government will use the provisions in this instance .
Equally , we need to make sure that the system is not abused .
I naturally hope that the free movement of people who have the misfortune to be HIV-positive is not restricted in any way on grounds of public health .
I agree with Mr Tannock in principle .
Of course the royal families of Europe should be allowed to move about freely .
However , I disagree with his priorities .
When we ignore the rights of 12 to 14 million legal residents , then the rights of two families are comparatively insignificant .
Mr President , this is a small but significant measure to extend the duties of Member States to carry out strategic environmental assessments on the planning framework as well as on the actual plans where the implementation would or could have a significant impact on the environment .
All Member States voted for the common position , but some made it clear that they would go very little further than that .
Our task is to clarify and to amend responsibly and on behalf of the PPE-DE Group I congratulate the rapporteur , Mrs Schörling , on the work she has done and the consultation she has had with us .
We will however be rejecting some of her amendments , notably those that seek to extend the system to all financial plans , to defence and civil defence , to consultation beyond what is reasonable and to the general policies she has just mentioned , which become more of a wish-list than firm proposals .
However , we agree that it makes no sense to exclude projects financed wholly or partially by the European Union , especially structural funds , and we certainly agree that it makes sense to talk to neighbouring states outside the European Union .
We agree that there should be adequate reporting back , not only on the environmental risks identified by the assessment , but on the action it is proposed to take to mitigate or remove them .
We also of course have to consider Amendment No 26 , in the name of some of our German colleagues , which rejects the common position .
I understand the concerns of colleagues from Germany and some parts of Italy .
These result from the way in which some governments and regional governments have chosen to implement the assessments .
These governments are giving environmental assessment and Europe a bad name for what are entirely excesses of their own making and they need to look carefully at their domestic policies .
But this is a subsidiarity measure which leaves the details to Member States .
It is not the big hand of Europe extending control to local planning matters .
It does , however , ensure that particularly at our respective borders our planning takes account of the environment quality within and across our borders when planning frameworks are being agreed .
We believe that to be a good thing and my PPE-DE Group will therefore not be supporting Amendment No 26 and will vote for the common position .
We shall then vote for the amendments we supported in committee and for one further clarifying amendment which has been submitted since , but we shall oppose the amendments which we believe are a step too far in terms of what is desirable , practical and acceptable .
Mr President , first of all I should like to thank the rapporteur , Mr Bouwman , for his efforts over quite a long period of time in negotiating this very satisfactory proposal which will - as all colleagues have said so far - significantly reduce the amount of pollution dumped illegally into the seas around Europe .
Let us pause and reflect on the scale of the problem .
Mr Bouwman quite rightly referred to Erika .
This was indeed a tragedy of enormous proportions , with significant and perhaps enduring consequences , but the amount of deliberate spills from oil tankers along all our coasts dwarfs the amount of oil that was spilled from Erika .
It is that problem that this particular proposal aims to tackle .
I am delighted that it will , by ensuring that the Member States provide adequate facilities at all their ports , that their ships and masters are obliged to use them , that the fees system is fair and balanced and above all that 25 % of ships are inspected to ensure these requirements are met .
I particularly welcome the three-year review , because my only concern is that Member States should implement this legislation that they have now signed up to .
As Mr Jarzembowski will know only too well , on port state control several Member States still do not inspect 25 % of ships .
If they cannot do it on that , what is to say they will do it on this ?
That is our challenge to them : to make sure they adhere to the very worthy agreement that we are hopefully going to be endorsing this week .
Madam President , can I impose on your goodwill and Parliament 's goodwill for a moment in welcoming to the diplomatic gallery a delegation from Kazakhstan ?
They are in Parliament today and tomorrow to raise awareness of the former Soviet