Our citizens are intelligent enough to decide for themselves on Turkey’s membership in a referendum .
In Europe , there is too little investment in the education and research that will enable it to become the competitive knowledge economy we desperately aspire to be .
It seems that the leaders at the summit predominantly want to create a catalogue of excuses which will help them escape discipline and which they can use for all possible kinds of policy .
There is a great deal of money involved .
If Community funding used for such contentious research , this means that Member States will not benefit equally from the European research initiatives .
The second point is the unnecessary red –tape , which has been mentioned before .
A bundling of forces is also what society wants , and that is what we have to work towards .     Mr President , it is quite strange that this debate concerns the Internet and the retention of data on the Internet , and yet it is not being broadcast as normal on Parliament’s website .
What is happening with it now ?
Mr President , Commissioner Frattini , I am pleased to hear that this new Commission will be rectifying a number of mistakes made by its predecessor .
Finally , I should like to find out from you what steps the Commission has taken so far in order to introduce the push system .     Mr President , Commissioner Frattini , it is always good to see you .
As for content , it is for this House to decide whether or not the final proposal is proportionate .
The Dutch Government had kept that research secret , but our Government Information ( Public Access ) Act eventually obliged it to come clean .
Putting things into practice is a different matter altogether , though .
There is too much uncertainty , which certainly does not benefit the environment .     Mr President , allow me to chip in with my own , somewhat different angle .
I do not think it is realistic for the money for this to come from the European Development Fund .
That would take the cornerstone out of a fair world trade policy and it would mean that we would promptly fail at Doha .
As regards the least-developed countries and the ‘anything but arms ’ initiative , the Commission insists – and this is also related to the future price – that a quota system for those countries would not be realistic .
In the current WTO Doha negotiations , the rich countries promised to reduce those subsidies drastically .
Why is this resolution so good ?
I sometimes wonder – and I think it is positive to highlight this in the debate – how it is possible that he should first want complete freedom and then believes that the solution will materialise from the chaos on the world food market .
We do not reject participation by women in the labour process , but an enforced gender distribution according to numbers does not do justice to reality .
The first one was sugar and public health .
Everything should be geared towards that goal and sufficient means should also be freed up for this purpose .
This House had fine things to say on this very subject only this week .
Each of those superpowers tried to arm their own satellite movements in those states and bring them to power with military support in order thereafter to permanently eliminate all other forces .
I would kindly ask you to forgive me .
Mr President , the European Union has been in support of Cambodia’s democratisation process since 1992 .
We should be able to say so .
It is high time we had a new policy , one that will remind the African countries of their responsibilities .
My group is also – as Mr Alvaro said a moment ago – deeply worried about the procedure .
Just last Saturday , a KLM flight from Amsterdam to Mexico flying over the United States was denied access to US airspace and sent back to the Netherlands .
I have not heard anything about it .
Many Members have very closely examined this topic and I will have to thank Mr Costa for his proposals from afar .
This is exemplified by the British and Dutch plane spotters who , as you will remember , were arrested in Greece some years ago .
The authorities are required to inform suspects of their rights .
As rapporteur , I should like to see a compromise being struck , but I personally take the view that Member States will be far less inclined to extradite people to other Member States if they fear that the minimum rights , the minimum standards , are not being respected .
Secondly , there is no denying that this framework decision can have a positive bearing on the mutual trust in each other’s criminal justice systems , something that is all the more important in the light of the enlarged European Union .
Even so , I would say on behalf of my group that the benefits outweigh the extra costs , because suspects have to be protected effectively wherever they are .
If not , then we believe , unfortunately , that this report is being used to jeopardise the national fight against terrorism at the moment , in which case we will have to refrain from approving the report .     .
The evaluation of December 2003 showed that there is no need to extend the target group to lower-ranked police officers and other law enforcement services .
Some Members have already mentioned the compulsory installation of the digital tachograph under the 3.5 tonne mark .
In the run-up to the plenary vote , I should like to urge you to reject the proposal on the said points , because those measures unnecessarily