which is officially supposed to be there for the poorest people in the world , is to far too great an extent controlled by the EU 's own narrow foreign and trade policy interests .
Officially , the EU and the other Western organisations advocate free trade and liberalisation as the solution to all the world 's problems .
Earlier this year Oxfam issued a report that concluded that the EU is the world 's most protectionist market towards the developing countries .
There is a great deal of work ahead of us if our wish to eradicate hunger is to succeed .
One can probably summarise the contributions as follows : the EU is certainly moving in the right direction , but too little has been achieved .
Neither does this debate , but like this debate the summits help to put the problems into focus - both the problems that exist in the developing countries and also those that exist in the industrialised countries and which are the cause of too little being done .
We do not know how far we can get , but it is important that we get a discussion concerning the overall complex of problems , because it is really a global deal that we need .
I would like to emphasise that for all that , we have done something : we provide over 50 % of total development aid in the world .
We have brought about the 'Everything but Arms ? initiative and we are working to ensure that the agenda for development that was passed in Doha is implemented .
So this debate on these vast , almost insurmountable problems concerns not losing the courage or the will to do more , despite everything .
On the one hand , we need to be aware of the progress made ; on the other , we must promise each other that we will do more .
It looks difficult and I cannot promise anything , but I can promise that efforts will be made .
This event must be regarded as one of the most epoch-making in international legal development since the Second World War .
A statute of this kind is something which the European Parliament has called for again and again , as I myself did a couple of years ago in a report on human rights , adopted by a very large majority .
Parliamentarians have spoken and written about it .
Now it is here , and that is a fact I think we should celebrate here in Parliament .
The International Criminal Court can help make the world safer , more just and more peaceful .
It is important that such crimes should not go unpunished and that it should be possible to hold everyone responsible for their actions .
We must appeal to all states to sign up to the Rome Statute .
With a view to obtaining such universal support , we adopted a common position last year , which has recently been updated .
The International Criminal Court is a recurrent theme in our contact with the United States , and it is precisely our talks with the United States that are the subject of our debate today .
That is why we have always seen it as quite natural and necessary for the United States to be among those who have signed up to the Statute of the International Criminal Court .
We have no doubt that the United States could make a particularly positive contribution to the court .
During the diplomatic conference in Rome in 1998 , we were perfectly clear about the United States ' reservations concerning certain provisions of the statute .
To our regret , we have to note that , on 6 May of this year , the United States informed the UN Secretary-General that it did not intend to endorse the statute , which had in actual fact been signed under the previous US administration .
Recently , or more specifically on 17 June , the General Affairs Council adopted conclusions expressing our concern regarding the present American bill which goes under the title of the American Service Members Protection Act , or ASPA as it is called .
As we said in our conclusions from the meeting of the General Affairs Council in Luxembourg , we believe that the ASPA could seriously undermine the work of the International Criminal Court .
This provision has especially given rise to concern in the Netherlands , which is to be the seat of the court and which has made no bones about dubbing the ASPA ' The Hague Invasion Act ' .
We have expressed our concern to the American administration at all levels .
It is a grave matter , a substantial hiccup and a serious problem in relations between Europe and the United States .
I should like , however , to say that , even though it is a major problem and a difficult situation , we shall not , in my view , achieve anything by describing the American bill as a threat to transatlantic relations .
It would be unreasonable to raise it to that level , and I should like to make that clear .
It is crucial that we not be confrontational , for that would get us nowhere .
Turkey , as an associated country , has still not signed the statute or otherwise endorsed our common position or any of the EU 's declarations in support of the court .
Nonetheless , the fact that all these countries are still not participants in the court has neither damaged , nor caused a cooling-off in , bilateral relations .
Through persistent lobbying in support of the statute , we have already managed to convince a number of countries , and we hope that , by this means , we can convince still more .
