At any rate , let me say to my colleagues in the Group of the Party of European Socialists that we cannot accept the proposed agreement with Switzerland , if only because we do not even know whether Switzerland will approve the construction of the two new railway tunnels and the necessary funding in a month 's time .
That is why we must support a coherent , efficient and safe , but also environmentally compatible transport system in the Union .
The integration of road transport alone could even prove counterproductive for the overall project .
We Christian Democrats believe that , firstly , the advantages and disadvantages of road pricing need to be checked thoroughly .
And let me remind you that it is not only urban and coastal tourism that are important , but especially tourism in rural areas .
In my view , this kind of action programme should obey the principle of subsidiarity and give priority to advertising particular regions , because I believe that would be the best way to find third-country customers for the European market .
The elections in Latvia - as well as the referendum on integrating the Russian-speaking population - and the elections in Slovakia have shown that it was right to accept these countries as applicants .
I wish the European Union every success with the European Conference , so that we can find solutions to these problems .
That is a step in the right direction .
We could , therefore , take all the resolutions which we have adopted and adopt them all over again - this time , at last , with the support of the Socialists - so as to put an end to all that he has so forcefully denounced here .
Mr President , this situation is nothing short of surreal .
That is why I do not believe any of you .
The Amsterdam Treaty , not yet ratified by all the EU Member States , will , in theory , provide a means for us to undertake peace-enforcing , peace-keeping and humanitarian action in the form of Petersberg missions ; the EU will have the option of giving the Western European Union , which would itself have to call on contingents of NATO troops , a mandate to undertake action of this kind .
I should like to say to Mr Oostlander that Austria has in fact already played an active role in other NATO operations , such as in Bosnia .
Surely we cannot expect countries such as Russia and China suddenly to change their position , their opinion , on a situation , which closely resembles that in parts of their own countries , and which is dealt with in exactly the same way there , as we are seeing in Serbia and Kosovo at the present time .
Thus , Article 130a states that the Community is committed to solidarity between the poorer and wealthier Member States , and establishes one of its aims as being to reduce disparities between the levels of development of the various regions and the backwardness of the least-favoured regions .
This uneven distribution is particularly apparent in the common agricultural policy .
This proposal attacks the nub of the problem , because it takes the expenditure side of the budget as its starting-point .
That is also nonsense ; these are just initial negotiating positions for next March .
That is why I believe that the proposal made here for a corrective mechanism , based not on renationalising , but on cofinancing - and cofinancing is already the rule in the case of the Structural Funds , research appropriations and indeed appropriations in general - is a step in the right direction .
Only on that basis will it be possible to have an honest discussion about the expenditure side , namely Agenda 2000 .
We are also agreed that it is the southern Member States that are most affected by it .
The EU must undertake every necessary effort to foster appropriate contacts , and above all to speak out against the alarming anti-democratic tendencies cited in the report , and the lack of constitutionality which has been justifiably criticised .
In view of the explanations already given , I would refer you to the Commission , which will provide you with more precise information on exact amounts and specific questions , especially as to whether or not this also falls under INTERREG.
It remains to be seen over the next few weeks whether the Sloga coalition in the Republika Srpska will be able to retain control of the Parliament and whether they will still be putting the prime minister forward .
We should consider the possibility of deferring certain elements of the agreement as long as he is one of the parties to it .
Today , in the discussion on migrants , I told you that 85 000 to 90 000 have been admitted to Austria .
Cuba also warned the EU at the beginning of June 1998 against inciting opposition groups and human rights activists .
That is precisely our procedure here .
Allow me also to remind you that fixing insurance premiums falls within the remit of Member States .
I would just mention the following : two joint actions , from 29 November 1996 and 24 February 1997 , for an exchange programme and measures to combat trafficking in people and the sexual exploitation of children ; extending Europol 's mandate to include the prevention of and fight against trafficking in people , as I said before ; the 28 April 1997 action plan for fighting organised crime ; the EU-US common initiative against trafficking in women ( it seems to us important that this issue has now been taken up in the transatlantic dialogue ) ; and finally the Council conclusions of