It is my understanding that the French representative in Geneva has supported that view .
Now is the time to actually impose strict conditions on that meeting in December .
Aung San Suu Kyi must be released and allowed to travel freely and a troika must be allowed to go to Burma and to go anywhere and meet anyone they like .
Also today , Thailand , an ASEAN member , has said that Burma must allow a permanent ILO presence in that country , that there must be a mechanism to monitor forced labour and that ILO sanctions should not be lifted on their fellow ASEAN member until real results have been achieved .
How will the EU respond to these strong voices from across Europe and indeed from the region for the first time ?
It is surely indefensible for the Commission and the Council to continue with any idea of holding this meeting .
It will clearly be interpreted as a softening of Europe 's approach at this time .
Aung San Suu Kyi has reiterated recently that constructive engagement with Rangoon is not working and she and the NLD have asked for the meeting to be postponed .
If the EU goes ahead , the junta would be encouraged and heartened by the decision to sit our foreign ministers from democratic European governments around a table which includes the military junta of Burma .
We should be ashamed of such treachery .
ASEAN would also continue to feel that it is not necessary to do anything about the pariah in their midst .
Do we intend to collude with this or will we make a decision now to pull out ?
By standing by our own principles and the values that we cherish , we will also be cherishing the values of the people of Burma who are being so systematically persecuted by the military regime in their country .
Mr President , I speak on behalf of Mrs Maij-Weggen in this resolution , and we have had some excellent speeches this afternoon .
As we sit here in our climate-controlled comfort , the democratically elected parliamentarians of Burma are under house arrest , in hiding and under the gravest possible threat .
Meanwhile the communist junta maintains its iron grip on the people , press and the National League for Democracy .
Members of that junta have boasted about how they will exterminate the NLD before the end of this year , and for years made the same boast about the minorities .
Twice since last September we have passed resolutions deploring the administration in Burma and despite our clear and heartfelt views on this matter , we know that the EU countries will be sending foreign ministers to meet their ASEAN counterparts in Laos next month .
We must say loudly and clearly that we believe that it is absolutely wrong for them to do so , as is planned .
We , in Europe , must not give them that spurious legitimacy and we heard some excellent speeches from Mrs Lucas and Mrs Kinnock on that point .
We all know the story of Aung San Suu Kyi and we must be aware that constructive engagement between ASEAN and Rangoon has not worked .
Therefore we must call upon our governments not to do the opposite of what the Nobel and Sakharov Prize winner has asked .
Yesterday Mr James Mawdsley , who was released from Burma , sent me a message which I want to read out to you .
His words are far more eloquent than my own when confronting the evil of the Burmese regime .
He says : " the military junta in Burma is terrified of the NLD.
They are afraid of anyone who refuses to bow to their brutality .
It is abundantly clear to them that the world and NLD led by Dr Aung San Suu Kyi will not now bow .
Therefore the regime feels it must utterly destroy them .
Military intelligence officers have boasted to me that the NLD is to be crushed .
It is to be destroyed .
They laughed when they said it .
This is not sane behaviour .
They sit and laugh about the murder and repression of Burma 's elected representatives .
The regime also boasts that they will kill all Karen and they are committing genocide among the Karen , Karenni and Shan ethnic groups of Burma .
I have walked through this territory : from the top of the mountains as far as the eye can see , all villages have been destroyed and the populations murdered or displaced .
I have seen victims of repression , women and men wounded , dying and dead .
The regime 's hatred of the ethnic groups and for the NLD cannot be checked by appeals to reason or morality .
The regime responds only when it feels threatened .
My release demonstrates that ." .
It demonstrates that the regime will only do something when it feels threatened .
These are the words of James Mawdsley , not mine .
He suffered mightily at the hands of the Burmese and he says that only when they are threatened will they do something .
We have to recognise that in relation to the ASEAN meeting .
I , too , reluctantly welcome the opportunity to debate our concerns about the deteriorating human rights situation in Burma and , like many before me , I would have preferred that the situation there had improved so that we did not have to keep returning to this issue over and over again .
I hope that , by prioritising this issue as an urgency , this Parliament is giving a clear message to the Burmese people that their plight is not forgotten and that we recognise that the situation in Burma is worsening rather than improving and are determined