be properly indexed , analysed and updated .
The fourth approach is of mutual interest and relates to shared property rights over discoveries and patents obtained through joint economic input .
First , the total European Union investment - not just that allocated within the fifth framework programme , but overall investment in the field - together with the investment made by each of the 15 Member States individually falls far short of the investment in this sector by our main competitors , the United States and Japan .
At this stage , it would be extremely dangerous to start a witch hunt concerning the promotion of investment in this important sector .
When we know which Commissioners are going to attend Question Time , we ask questions intended for those specific Commissioners .
Therefore , the Committee on Agriculture is asking Parliament to approve this request for urgent procedure .
This is not the ideal time to go our separate ways .
I firmly believe that , irrespective of the result of the final vote , Parliament 's view is and will be unanimous .
Nor is it historic , in my view , merely because it is the first budget in euros .
Parliament accepts as a practical necessity the own resources ceiling of 1.27 % and calls for mechanisms to provide flexibility : on the one hand , review clauses for the financial perspective ; and on the other hand , mechanisms that speed up the process of transferring funds between categories and mobilising new resources when necessary .
What do the Member States hope to save through this ?
I am referring here to the Canary Islands , Madeira , the Azores and the French overseas departments .
To make any progress , the programme should give priority to strengthening social justice at all levels and to solidarity between regions .
These include the fight against unemployment , the birth of the euro , the consolidation of the internal market and , above all , the Commission 's proposals in Agenda 2000 .
It is also urgent to establish a healthy personnel policy that prevents frustration and takes account of the legitimate aspirations of the Commission 's officials .
If the Commissioner could answer this question , then I would know if I can protest to the European Commission regarding the issue of which Commissioner is responsible for answering the questions that certain Members have asked .
Given the measures that the Spanish government has been promoting recently , we should instead be talking about a form of capitalism between friends or a sharing out of the loot .
The electricity companies are going to be able to use the money they pocket against other competitors , not only in the electricity industry , but also , for example , in the telecommunications sector , where these electricity monopolies are already evident .
I am only defending a European interest .
A number of these were somewhat cautiously highlighted by Mr Metten , while others were strongly defended and supported in his report .
Mr Metten states that there is a need for greater mobility of production factors .
The Council 's proposal is aimed at reducing the economic effects this ban on drift gillnets entails for fishermen and encouraging them to diversify into other activities .
Mr President , the Committee on Agriculture 's decision to fully endorse the Commission 's proposal on the food aid programme to the Russian Federation will , I believe , also be supported in the House tomorrow .
And in this respect , the European Union is donating aid to a value of EUR 400 million .
In addition , I think that this has fulfilled the very resolution Parliament adopted recently , on 19 November , a resolution that took account of both the circumstances that have been relayed to us essentially by the Russian authorities and the commitment made by the European Union , together with the United States , to assist and support regions suffering from acute food shortages .
I would firstly like to take time to reflect a little on the Austrian Presidency that we are about to say goodbye to , a friendly presidency , and one that should be , or is , of enormous symbolic value .
We are moving from the Europe of the internal market , which is more market-oriented and service-based , to the Europe of Economic and Monetary Union and a Europe that concentrates more on the issues in society that affect individuals , namely , environmental and social issues .
The Vienna Strategy for Europe has been very clearly explained and I would advise many of my colleagues who have criticised the presidency as being inefficient to closely follow future meetings , first in Brussels , then Cologne , Tampere and Helsinki , to see how each and every one of these results will be achieved .
What are we going to do with our children ?
Lastly , Mr President , I believe that the statements made concerning the third pillar were very important , as were those on the creation of an area of freedom and justice , which , as the presidency pointed out to mark the 50th anniversary of the Declaration of Human Rights , is becoming extremely important .
Colino Salamanca report ( A4-0506/98 ) Mr President , Commissioner , in order to assess the work of a presidency , due consideration must be given to both the objective progress made in terms of the process of European integration and the dedication and willingness with which the presidency has fulfilled its role as a driving force and as an arbitrator .
This might mean the beginning of a genuine Community social policy that could act as a counterweight to the single currency and single market .
What is more , each institution should fulfil its own responsibilities