Attempts to divide the international community or to destroy its cohesion are bound to fail since it is in everyone 's interest for the reconstruction of Iraq to succeed .
The Donors ' Conference , scheduled for 24 October in Madrid , will be a good opportunity to consolidate this international cohesion , provided - and I appeal urgently to the countries taking part - that as many countries as possible are generous and willing to help .
Once conditions of full security are re-established , it will be possible to start laying the foundations for a civil society based on freedom and mutual tolerance , with which Europe will be able to build relationships of cooperation and solidarity .
I cannot see what we are proposing other than recourse to the United Nations , but the United Nations is no greater than its component member states .
I wish you luck , Commissioner .
That is why the Presidency has said and continues to say that we need a UN mandate ; that is why , because Europe currently feels the need to reinvigorate UN action but , at the same time , wants the United Nations to be more effective , more capable of taking decisions and shouldering responsibilities than it was during the eventful weeks preceding military action .
.
The Italian Presidency 's human rights programme has been made public and so I do not need to illustrate it at length .
It is a document that warrants extremely thorough analysis , which , of course , is impossible to achieve in this sitting .
What strategy should the European Union pursue in relations with these regimes ?
Monitoring , resolutions , dialogues , human rights clauses and cooperation and technical assistance programmes in the field are all instruments for achieving a single objective - the unceasing defence of human rights and fundamental freedoms in the world .
There is another aspect I would like to focus on which is dealt with in particular depth in the report : intercultural and inter-faith dialogue .
Fundamentalism , whatever its origin or nature , is , in part , the result of an inability to communicate , to search for common values based on mutual respect and tolerance .
I also feel that a relationship of cooperation with a country at all levels - political , economic , scientific and cultural - must , of necessity , include open , constructive dialogue on matters of protecting fundamental rights and freedoms .
Lastly , I would like to focus on a criticism made in the document , relating to institutional relations between the Council and the European Parliament in the area of human rights .
It is an important fact which reflects our constantly-evolving approach to these issues , which are no longer confined to ethical statements and declarations of principle but are increasingly going to influence political decisions in relations with third countries .
The statement that international peace , security and stability are founded on full respect for fundamental rights and freedoms is not just empty rhetoric but reflects the reality that human rights are increasingly going to influence governments ' decisions in the area of foreign policy and the strategies of international organisations at all levels .
Within the bounds of the Council 's powers , I can assure you that we will investigate the matter .
Our rapporteur warns them that 87 % of cases of child abuse occur in the family , according to figures never discussed ; another 4 % occur in seminaries .
Hurrah for the rapporteur !
Consider , for example , the safeguarding of Christian roots and the traditional family unit - a man and a woman united by the common goal of procreation .
With regard to Question No H-0433/03 , the Council condemns the tragic incidents mentioned by the honourable Member .
This relationship and synergy are , moreover , recognised and stressed by the Council in the conclusions relating to the communication adopted on 19 April 2003 , in which the Council states specifically that an effective , coherent development policy is an essential part of an effective migration policy and recognises that , if properly managed , migration can be a positive growth and development factor for both the European Union and the countries concerned , while illegal migration has a damaging effect on both the individuals in question and the countries of origin , transit and destination .
We will undertake to return to this question to explore it in greater depth and see how we can respond more fully .
Italy , France , the United Kingdom , Portugal and Spain played an active role in the first stage of the project , while Greece , Norway , the Netherlands , Germany and Poland participated as observers , together with Europol .
To date , no decisions have been taken on the matter , but I am sure that the Council will come back to the issue .
.
The Italian Presidency intends to follow up the constructive , fruitful debate held at informal ministerial level in Rome on 11 and 12 July 2003 with appropriate measures , with the aim of paving the way for an integrated competitiveness strategy , a strategy which will have to be debated and adopted in one of the November Council sessions .
In this case , too , I would like confirm the priority that the Italian Presidency gives to competitiveness , and to assure you that the forthcoming European Council will examine this entire issue in depth , including those aspects that the honourable Member has stressed are vital if we are to achieve a general improvement in competitiveness within the European Union .
The Italian Presidency 's website will be one of the instruments used to disseminate information about both the IGC and all the other work carried out during these six months .
I shall ensure that we ascertain how this