the results of the impact assessments , in view of the enormous gaps ranging from EUR 1 to 4 million , it seems to me that we should at least be able to suggest to the industry a two-stage system : a fixed three-month incentive and a three-month extension depending on the level of benefit provided by the medicinal product sold .
I will start with the tightening up of security and the erosion of civil liberties .
Then , suddenly , this blindness comes back to hit us like a boomerang .
With regard to the protection of data and of citizens ’ safety , which are of concern to all of us , it is a matter of implementing the provisions both of the Treaty establishing the European Community and of the Treaty on European Union .
For example , we have raised the issue of the kidnapping of citizens and residents of Europe from the very territory of the European Union by the CIA .
We will certainly gain more by sharing our experiences , our information and our resources .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , we can no longer , without reacting , regularly hold three-minute silences in memory of victims of terrorism and hope that that will be enough to prevent the terrorists from acting from the shelter of the alibis they call on .     Mr President , at the same time that I am addressing you , the Tunisian League for Human Rights is being surrounded by the army .
Against the backdrop of international insecurity that is turning our countries upside down and of an economic and social crisis and crisis of identity , this kind of unbelievable proposal demonstrates once again the degree to which these pro-Europeans who want to control everything are out of touch with reality .
Continued colonisation in the West Bank runs counter to the idea of long-lasting peace , in the same manner as the encirclement of East Jerusalem and the way in which Israel is gaining ground there .
Yet , we are today experiencing a very special moment in time – , to quote Mr Solana – and we would like to see the parties concerned seize it with our help so as to progress along that road to peace .     .
Mr President , Commissioner , I would like first of all to thank Mrs Svensson , who has taken the initiative to launch this report .
It is true that , at a time when we are enabling everyone to benefit from technological discoveries and when we are concerned about the way in which energy and food products are distributed , it is high time that we envisaged the creation of a European bank for health and prevention .
Furthermore , I believe that any country that puts itself forward to house an agency should be required to commit itself to ensuring that the children of the officials it is accommodating receive a multilingual education .
The ninth is the Russian Federation .
According to the Commission , the main objective must be to make Northern Dimension policy a policy common to all the parties concerned , notably the Russian Federation .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , allow me to conclude by expressing the hope that the discussions we are currently conducting with Russia will lead to Russia committing itself unreservedly to the new phase on which the Northern Dimension strategy will embark in 2007 .
It is important for the Commission to succeed now in properly strengthening the Baltic side of the Northern Dimension .
Our objective consists of devising a joint European Union-Russia policy on the Northern Dimension , also involving Norway and Iceland .
Think of those of 11 September , which brought tourist development to a sudden halt .
Remember the problem of Ebola virus in Congo and elsewhere .
Let us not delude ourselves .
Tourist promoters in the developing countries therefore have all the instruments for aid to the private sector available to them .
For promoters in ACP countries , the Commission has established the Investment Facility , with a capital of EUR 2.2 billion , in order to respond to an increase in requests for funding .
Having said that , I believe that we must respect a fundamental principle , and that is that it falls first and foremost to the partner States to decide whether to treat tourism as a priority economic sector .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to congratulate Mr Bowis on his report .
I have tried to give you a clearer idea of how the Commission intends to implement the action programme , through cooperation with the Member States of the European Union , the programming of resources and the launching of specific initiatives .
It involves more than 2 million companies , the majority of which are SMEs .
But the development of these schools is intended not to build the Europe of nations to which we aspire , but to promote European integration ; a policy which has just been condemned by the French people on 29 May 2005 .
This logic also leads to prices being fixed at an artificially high level .
I will not conceal the fact that I am increasingly tempted to propose a progressive plan to you shortly in order systematically to increase the proportion of our budgets devoted to education and health care , either in the tenth EDF , or in the forthcoming budget , since this issue has still not been resolved .
Admittedly , the world has finally turned its attention to the fate of Niger .
Niger is one of the poorest countries on the planet .
It was only at the end of May and beginning of June that the nutritional surveys carried out in certain areas of the country revealed the crisis underway .
The Commission is Niger’s principal donor