for that .
Economic growth is declining and the Commission is already warning of a further readjustment downwards .
However , it is vital here that the ECB should lower interest rates further to make investment cheaper and encourage consumers to spend more and save less .
The current system of own resources has a number of shortcomings .
Although I support all these various proposals , I felt I could not vote for the Haug report , mainly because of the proposal for a fundamental review of the own resources system , eventually replacing the national contributions to the EU budget with European taxes .
The acquittal of the crewmen concerned also leaves a number of questions unanswered , which is why we expect the investigation at least to continue .
When Parliament sent its condolences to the victims of this terrible accident last year , calls were already being made for a review of the London Convention , under which jurisdiction in the case of military offences lies with the country to which the military personnel in question belong .
As the European Parliament , we must have the courage to face up to our political responsibility and say that this is about much more than just the guilt or innocence of one man , of one pilot .
We have seen in Armenia , Azerbaijan and the Caucasus that human rights and democracy are still not being given a chance , and the negotiations for a peaceful solution to the Nagorno-Karabakh conflict have still not produced positive results .
He may be all right as an image of the 'last revolutionary ' , but we have had quite enough of all that .
Madam President , I am very pleased at what Mr Bertens said .
It all reminds me of the way things went in the Batista era : prostitution , drinking , rich tourists - these are surely not what you would expect to find in a socialist revolutionary administration ?
Should not the international community be speaking out against the arrival of 300 Cuban troops in Angola and Brazzaville , as reported in the Portuguese newspaper Diario de Noticias ?
We heard yesterday evening that three Americans have been brutally killed .
After independence , the constitution - the Pancasila - ensured that different races and religions could live freely and safely side by side .
Parliament has adopted some harsh resolutions against Indonesia , but I feel that recently there has been greater scope for constructive support for the steps that are being taken towards democracy , and I welcome this approach .
Mr President , some time ago we discussed the Bernard-Reymond report on China .
On that occasion my group , the Liberals , brought up the question of the UN Human Rights Commission .
If this process is to be effective , the Council must itself table a resolution on China , lobby for it actively and stop countries from supporting a 'no action on China ' motion .
In this morning 's Herald Tribune , there was a photo of the Dalai Lama in northern India , five years after the invasion of Tibet .
If this happens , the Union must be prepared to provide assistance to support the process .
Mr President , partnership agreements such as the ones we are discussing do have conditions attached .
Some of us may have known where Uzbekistan was , but I find it a liberating experience to be able to find out about this huge area of our planet in this way .
However , social security has proved to be an important instrument for adapting the 19th century market economy to the needs of social justice .
Benchmarking can help the Member States to make decisions in order to develop a sound and decent social protection system , particularly now when a number of factors are placing increasing pressure on the system , such as the growth in the number of people of retirement age and the number of one-person households .
Above all , I hope that the Commission will be able to use it to produce a policy for convergence .
Another example is the lack of policy coordination on supplementary pensions , both on the question of deductibility and on tax on the eventual payments .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , a lot of very worthwhile points have been made about the Pronk report , and I agree with the calls for general solidarity and for a realistic and careful approach to a new society in which the concept of care has assumed a whole new dimension .
The current differences in the cost of social protection distort competition between the Member States and thus threaten employment .
Looking after number one is a morally repugnant maxim to follow in external trade policy , and we must also take account of the problems which the developing countries are currently wrestling with .
This is why there are no European crews any more , and it also means that the infrastructure is collapsing .
This is designed to prevent social dumping , sailing with crews that are cheaper to employ than European workers .
In conclusion , I agree with the substance of the rapporteur 's Amendment No 4 , but I do not think that this directive is the right place to address this issue .
Strengthening links with India through top-level dialogue , as the Commission is proposing , could encourage movement in the right direction here , enabling this country with its established democracy to play a major role in the WTO .
India promised in 1997 to provide information on this man , but up to now we have heard nothing .
It is clear , as you say , that the European Parliament has payed a significant role in this crisis