The Commission only needs the will to do this .
It is , of course , not the case that so far , or as long as this directive is not in force , everything would have been done unfairly .
Although this proposal only deals with ‘B to C’ , that is , ‘business to consumer ’ relations , the Group of the European People’s Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats is nevertheless pleased with the fact that this legislative document explicitly mentions that when an entrepreneur establishes that a competitor contravenes this directive , that that can be used by that entrepreneur to turn it into a case of unfair commercial practices , a case of distortion of competition , albeit in accordance with the national law of the country in question .
Surely nobody can object to the towns , universities and regions within which they move and operate playing such a role ?
Secondly , it informs us that no governments are currently asking for European boats , and , thirdly , that the vessels and the industrial fish sector on the Atlantic coast are in every respect different from the traditional canoes and catamarans of Sri Lanka and India .
The operational maintenance of the boats we are willing to donate will also bring problems in its train .
I completely agree with Mr Evans .
The fact is that the son is in no more legitimate a position than his father ; what is happening is the continuation of a long-past .
The outside world , too , has an interest in putting governments in the saddle or imposing one new regime or another .
The traditions that Mr Mann celebrates may well not return that quickly , but the people of Nepal still have the right to make their own choices , to opt for democracy and human rights .
Mr Posselt also drew attention to this during today’s discussion of Togo .
Nigeria must be induced to surrender Charles Taylor to the court in Sierra Leone , thus doing the right thing by the innumerable victims and survivors in Liberia and elsewhere , and bringing peace to West Africa .
It is at a time such as this that the European Council is preparing to lift the arms embargo against China , a decision which is completely unacceptable if Europe wants to retain its credibility in terms of human rights in the world .
I would urge my fellow MEPs to support the strikers in Friesland .     Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I am delighted that you and many others have already called attention to the way in which yesterday’s women’s march in Istanbul was broken up , but also to other serious irregularities in Turkey .
This House cannot protest enough against this .
What happened in Lyon today is a disgrace .     Although I have raised the issue of European prisoners in Thailand a number of times , the plight of the Dutch prisoners compels me to raise the issue again .
I should also like , on behalf of the Group of the European People’s Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats , to congratulate the EIB and particularly its President , Mr Maystadt , even though we recognise that some changes need to be made where supervision is concerned .
I should therefore like to ask the EIB to develop a suitable instrument for this , so that , for example , companies are able to take part in programmes such as CRAFT and Collective Research more quickly .
It must , above all , help boost developments .
There are , however , still a few points of criticism , including the criticism levelled by Bank Watch and , in fact , by the rapporteur .
The granting of credits to businesses must also be assessed in terms of its environmental effect , and that is why I would argue in favour of including an environmental impact report in credit assessments .
Are credits granted for research and development for which there is no political or moral support in Parliament ?
Moreover , the facts to which Mr Martin refers – the riots and the uproar that people tried to create last year in response to a report about the Investment Bank – appeared to be fabricated .
I would particularly like to make a point of mentioning -technology , assessment centres , and cooperation between different activities under the research framework programme .
The need for new investment variants and new forms – public private partnership , if you like – is also at issue .
That is something about which I should like to see some clarity .
What I do not understand , though , is that we , although we have laid down principles in the new coordination regulation , still manage to allow a number of Member States to get away with things of which we have said beforehand that they should actually be exportable .
Is this something that we in this House should be condoning ?
Trade and development cooperation are very closely interwoven .
Finally , I should like to mention the relationship between the Generalised System of Preferences ( GSP) and the Economic Partnership Agreements ( EPAs ) , about which the European Commission is currently negotiating with the ACP countries .
The existing GSP scheme is being reviewed , as was long overdue .
The subject matter is complex , and I am pleased to have been able to reach a compromise with the other groups and the different disciplines .
After all , provision was made for a more effective system , which better accommodates the needs of the beneficiary countries and , above all , the poorest countries