And thirdly , it functioned and acted without being under any strict , specific , objective or joint form of control .
We will not be able to say what King Francis said in the sixteenth century : 'Everything was lost in the battle , save our honour '.
Mr President , as you have now come to the end of the amendments to the agenda , I am struck by the fact - and I think it will come as some surprise to the public that is following the debates of this Parliament - that , though the issues on the agenda are important and interesting , we are nevertheless facing a war in Yugoslavia !
Has the penny not dropped that people are being slaughtered , that a major disaster is unfolding ?
Mr President , I feel very strongly about this issue , because people of my age have lived through such events .
Can the European Union be regarded as a place of freedom , security and justice ?
Secondly , the three-month-long wanderings of Mr Öcalan throughout Europe , who not only did not find asylum but was essentially handed over to his persecutors with the help of procedures that were suspect and illegal .
This policy even goes so far as to call into question the Geneva Convention relating to the status of refugees , regarding it as outdated , and calls for a complementary system of protection which , to all intents and purposes , will be based on mechanisms such as Schengen and Europol .
Mr President , I find the debate unrealistic and rather hypocritical .
The destabilisation of these countries is beginning to unfold , and when this happens the Council and , I imagine , the Commission too , will not have the legal basis to help there either .
Will the refugees become messages too ?
What can I say !
The present is here and it is posing a multitude of threats .
I believe that this catastrophic act perpetrated against the people of Yugoslavia and against a civilian means of transport is a clear violation of human rights and may even be regarded as a crime against humanity .
I think that Mrs Ghilardotti has made a good effort in this direction , but I feel that , carried away by her - albeit very good - intentions , she has gone somewhat over the top .
Whilst in some Member States , such as Germany and Austria , what is being stipulated here is more or less already incorporated into their law , in other Member States a sudden change in legislation and a change of standards may have an adverse effect on the economy and on the labour market .
Amendment No 15 rescinds Article 2( 2 ) , which permits such derogations .
In this way , companies will be unable to take decisions , possibly for long periods of time , and thus their survival may be compromised .
Ladies and gentlemen , the President-in-Office , Chancellor Schröder , has today explained his position to us .
He said that there were three main issues of concern .
Thirdly , we cannot enlarge the European family , combat unemployment , and implement a policy for growth through words alone .
However , churches , cemeteries , civilian trains and hospitals are being bombed , and these attacks have absolutely nothing to do with European civilisation and history .
The result is that the European Union is not equipping itself with the necessary political and economic resources to achieve its aims , on paper at least .
However , that compromise led to an economic package that is substantially smaller than that proposed by the Commission and Parliament .
However , I cannot understand why this solution satisfied my country , Greece , when it is well known that it is the poorest country and the only country which comes under Objective 1 in its entirety .
Mr President , it will take a long time to correctly assess the position taken by Europe in the tragedy of Kosovo , and it will not be done before the deafening bombing and the lamentations of the refugees have stopped ringing in our ears .
The warmongers will continue to shadow-box to ensure the effectiveness of aerial attacks , which have been going on with catastrophic ferocity for three weeks .
Nor should we forget that , more recently , just as Mr Milosevic is now being called 'the butcher of Kosovo' , Saddam Hussein was called 'the butcher of Baghdad ' .
There is concern that the whole of the Balkans risks becoming destabilised if ground operations are initiated , and unless the inviolability of existing borders is guaranteed .
Mr President , it both saddens and angers me to have to say that , as of today , the European Parliament has become just as guilty as all those inhuman and hypocritical leaders in the United States and Europe who are using war in an attempt to salvage their lost credibility .
Respect peace !
Otherwise , why not call on the Turkish army , as Mr Titley suggested , to interrupt its 'charitable ' work slaughtering Kurds in Kurdistan to go to Kosovo and salvage the human rights that you are defending .
The House observed a minute 's silence
We recognise , of course , that a certain amount of progress has been made in implementing measures to restructure and staff the Commission services , and to separate the legislative work from the operation of the advisory , scientific and supervisory committees and services .
It is absolutely crucial that a legislative framework be set up to control animal feed and to combat epizootic diseases .
This is why we are asking for the codecision procedure to be introduced throughout the entire agricultural policy .
I would like to thank the