for the Committee on Foreign Affairs in respect of the Financial Regulation , my starting point was the Madrid agreement , but also the fact that greater detail was needed in some areas .
This not only applies to Parliament 's influence ; above all , it is about the right of citizens to scrutiny of this important new service that the Union is now providing .
Baroness Ashton certainly does not have an easy task ahead of her now that our common European External Action Service is to be established .
However , together with the Council and the Commission , Parliament has laid the foundation for an effective representative organisation that will truly be able to represent Europe and European values and interests around the world .
By creating an External Action Service that utilises men and women recruited from all of our Member States , we are also utilising Europe 's greatest strength and resource .
I hope that , under Baroness Ashton , the External Action Service will develop into a genuine European service that will represent citizens from all of our Member States , women as well as men .
She has done an excellent job and , in the main , we are , in fact , in agreement in the Committee on Budgets , even though there are some areas - and I will come back to this - where we in the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament have a slightly different view .
As regards payments , the rate of increase is higher and that is also reasonable .
We must not forget that .
Secondly , we Social Democrats do not accept the view that austerity measures are the only way to deal with the crisis .
We are in favour of this project , but it must not be the only priority when it comes to research and development .
If the hardest hit by cuts in the structural funds are those who really need support , then the policy is unacceptable .
Finally , I would like to mention the foreign policy budget , which is clearly underfunded .
I am absolutely certain that we will not succeed in these budget negotiations if we cannot in some way either review the budget ceilings or utilise the flexibility instrument .
Since we want to see a Europe that is sustainable from the point of view of the economy , social matters and the climate , we voted in favour of investments in the environment and in human capital and control of the financial markets , but always within the bounds of existing resources .
An unjustifiably large proportion of the budget is still utilised for the EU 's agricultural policy , and tomorrow 's challenges will not be met by applying yesterday 's policy .
We would like the EU 's priorities for the budget to be focused more on the future , increased competitiveness , investments in infrastructure and research , rather than propping up agricultural policy .
I have therefore chosen to keep to a budget-restrictive line and have focused on broad investments in research , development and innovation that create growth and jobs in accordance with the Europe 2020 strategy .
Thriving rural areas are very important .
We Swedish Social Democrats have today voted in favour of the draft EU budget for 2011 .
We also voted for an examination of the system of the EU 's own resources , including a tax on financial transactions .
However , we do not believe that MEPs need more staff .
The enhancement of the Daphne programme dealing with violence against women is gratifying .
This decision will be embarrassingly difficult for us MEPs to explain to those struggling people who are demonstrating in one country after the next .
We therefore think it is regrettable that the report does not constitute a clear step forward for equality in Europe .
However , we abstained from voting on the report as a whole , as we believe that it is too vague , ambiguous and outdated .
We would also have liked it to be less detailed and more flexible - particularly as this is a minimum directive - for example , with regard to the level of remuneration and the time limit for the period immediately after confinement .
However , we believe that the report is important in terms of improving the current directive , which provides very limited possibilities for combining work and parenthood in many EU Member States .
In the final vote , however , we did not want to vote in favour of Parliament 's legislative proposal because it went against several principles that are very important to us .
As far as Sweden is concerned , this could force a reduction in the length of parental insurance in order to finance such a costly system .
We will also continue to say 'no ' to the establishment of a high-level group that is to discuss the possibility of creating a European Common Treasury (ECT) with the objective of endowing the European Union with its own financing resources .
However , in this proposal , it is as if world trade , globalisation and global supply chains have been disregarded .
I think that a much better description than ' Made in China' , which it would probably receive under this regulation , would be ' Made in the world' , to quote Pascal Lamy , former Commissioner and current Director-General of the WTO .
That is precisely why this type of regulation is prohibited within the EU.
We all know that the 1930s were one of the darkest decades in the history of world trade .
I will vote against this proposal tomorrow and I am certain that several of my fellow Members will follow my example .
