Strengthening commercial links with Air France or joining the Skyteam consortium are likely to be more effective in terms of structural reform .
For two months , we have been saying that 11 September changed the world and the balance of society .
Lastly , Mr President , I welcome the code of conduct for US airlines intended to avoid piracy in the market , provided that , as others have said , the European governments do genuinely intend to enforce it , for otherwise it will be just another list of unfulfilled good intentions .
Once we have got to the point of having Community law , if that law is defied it seems perfectly obvious that there have to be within our nation States - and nations which are not States - criminal rules which uphold it , otherwise the States pass laws which they are not able to enforce and the Community becomes a laughing stock .
In my capacity as a member of the joint EU-Bulgaria interparliamentary committee , I recently visited the Bohunice power station in Slovakia and the Kozloduy power station in Bulgaria .
Furthermore , it will have a preventive effect in that it will discourage those tempted to use tobacco for the first time from doing so .
The Commission addresses the 'tobacco issue ' purely from the point of view of health , which is why it attempts to question the provision of Community aid to growers and goes so far as to propose an early revision of the COM in tobacco in order to reduce quotas and cut subsidies to the sector .
Mr President , it seems to be fate .
However , one statistic does need to be mentioned here , for it concerns something for which we and , in particular , the Commission are responsible .
However , there is one right which stands out above the others : the right to full citizenship .
I therefore call upon the Commission to present a proposal implementing Article 13 outside the workplace as well , and , at last , to force the States which are not yet applying it to do so .
I feel that Parliament should also pay tribute to these brave , remarkable firemen .
How can we simplify the institutional structure of the Union ?
How should the various competences be assigned and how should we involve national Parliaments ?
For this reason , the institutional system needs to be reformed so that the Union can take the decisions its citizens expect from it more effectively .
In the current legal situation , given the constraints upon us , the best solution is to pave the way for the Intergovernmental Conference , which , I reiterate , I hope will be short and decisive , with thorough preparations bringing together the institutions and the national and European Parliaments .
Indeed , Parliament and the Commission both believe that it should take as its starting point the four points set out at Nice , which , as the report clearly shows , actually affect more areas than is at first apparent .
However , we do disagree on one point in that the Commission considers that the Presidium should be smaller than is recommended in the motion for a resolution you are going to vote on today , with one representative for each component group .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , this is a crucial stage in the life of the Union .
The Commission is ready to embark on this dialogue and we hope that the Council will also take part , at least where matters which are the competence of all three institutions are concerned .
Firstly , the fear has been expressed that the European Parliament will be supplanted by civil society .
Our proposals regarding co-regulation and self-regulation are only intended to prevent long-established practices from leading to anarchy and the abuses that you , yourselves , have pointed out .
This is also a matter for detailed negotiation between the three institutions .
It is also true that the Commission cannot continue to take full political responsibility for the actions of agencies over which it has only a partial influence .
The Union has played a very active part in the diplomatic efforts relating to the current international crisis .
Madame President , ladies and gentlemen , the challenges before us and recent international events , confirm the relevance and validity of the European project , which must be strengthened and adapted to respond fully to our citizens ' new demands .
In conclusion , the success or failure of the Convention depends on the will , the genuine European convictions motivating us , our will as individual parties and governments not just to produce documents on reforms but to focus on practical action that , as well as improving the situation of our own countries , can improve the situations of countries that look to us for help too .
The proposals for good governance do not appear to contain any significant element that might succeed in bringing the citizens closer to Europe .
Success means achieving substantial progress towards a stronger , more integrated Union , which will inevitably involve reducing the role and powers of each State , that is the problem , Mr Michel , and increasing the role and powers of the common institutions .
This is your responsibility now as European Council , and this is the decision you must make : to reduce your powers .
It is not a constituent assembly but it is all we could realistically achieve .
Mr President , the Laeken Summit will be a major but difficult summit , particularly because of the importance of the subjects that will be debated .
It is shameful because the intention of the Berlusconi government in adopting this position is to prevent corruption being