Another important thing is that the agreement enables shipping companies to engage in business activity and establish their own companies , subsidiaries and representative offices .
Obviously , this means a different sort of power altogether .
It is precisely for this reason that we need strict controls in the maritime transport sector .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , our group thanks the rapporteur for this report and supports it .
It is important to pay attention to training .
This proposal makes it easier to recruit crew members from third countries , and for that reason we have to be very careful here as it could hamper the employment of trained personnel from the European Union .
Just imagine a ship which has a crew with fake papers and who perhaps cannot even read those fake papers !
It is a violation of this agreement as far as the state in question is concerned .
Just imagine the Gulf of Finland with 20 metres of pack ice and an untrained crew with no language skills and no help from a Russian icebreaker on a single-hull ship in winter in shorts .
Can this spell anything but disaster ?
Now , however , the matter is evidently going to be raised at the next EU - Russia summit in November .
In my opinion that is a very good thing , as they can use their know-how in this area .
I would therefore like to ask whether the Commission has any intention of marketing this opportunity and this idea to development cooperation organisations , for example , by training them to become CDM project coordinators .
Therefore , you must understand the position of the private landowners .
We believe in Europe , but how do we convince ordinary European citizens or the Finnish farmer if they feel they have been steamrollered by Europe and , in this case , by the Finnish authorities ?
Mr President , whilst I agree with those who congratulate Mr van den Bos on producing an excellent report , and most wholeheartedly with what he said in his opening speech , I would say that there are naturally some differences between us regarding focus .
We for our part still want to lay emphasis on the rights of political prisoners and the right to a healthy environment .
In a world that is fighting terrorism we have been alarmed to see the unconditional ban on torture become a relative issue and , as it were , go soft round the edges .
We are now getting a promise of that , but it will also require additional resources .
That is certainly not because the rapporteur has failed in any way but because , year after year , we have been emphasising very similar needs for change .
It can only work if we really want to invest in consistent work and involve ourselves with the utmost sincerity .
One part of this initiative was that the opinions the public expressed via the Internet were directly visible at summit meetings .
What do you think of this idea ?
Mr President , in the last 10 years there have been several international conferences on the theme of access to clean drinking water .
One in four people in the world drinks dirty water .
The situation is compelling decision-makers to take a serious look at whether the measures taken have been at all the right ones .
A shortage of water is a self-evident cause of the spiral of poverty .
We also have to recognise the fact that privatisation normally means higher prices for water and purification services , which naturally cause the greatest problems for the poorest people .
It must be said , however , that if water is treated as a free commodity to be shared , it weakens the potential for organising a highly functional water supply .
Around 6 000 people , mainly children , die each day of infectious diseases , often caused by poor hygiene .
It would be a fundamental error to view water , sanitation and hygiene as separate issues .
Of key importance is linking sanitation with the water supply , which will not succeed if there is no substantial additional investment on the part of those responsible for the water supply .
It is opportune that we should be speaking about the health situation in the developing countries and access to clean water in the same sitting .
Every year three million people die of infectious diseases transmitted through polluted water .
Health and poverty reduction is a subject where almost everything has already been said .
I do not intend now , therefore , to churn out more tragic figures and statistics before Parliament .
However , while I was thinking over what my decision should be I was on a working trip to El Salvador and Mexico .
I encountered a lot more examples of wretched human destiny : small people crushed by enormous problems .
Supposing they do not even see the people through the statistics ?
They are , after all , real people , not zombies .
I made the decision to go into politics for these people 's sakes .
Under Article 3 the Union will respect the wealth and diversity of its cultures and languages .
The reason has been the absence of any legal basis .
Fortunately , we have been able to avail ourselves of multiannual programmes such as Socrates and Culture 2000 , not forgetting the European Year of Languages 2001 .
I agree with him that the EU should have an Agency on Linguistic Diversity and Language Learning .
We must also give our support to the proposal for a multiannual programme on linguistic diversity and language learning .
For this there has to be investment in the training of teachers of regional and minority languages .
We should also inform speakers