initiatives - I am thinking particularly of the proposed food standards agency - this observatory will simply duplicate the work of other organisations , of innumerable private research companies and accountancy firms , of academic and university institutes , of trade unions and chambers of commerce , and national and local government .
I put two questions to colleagues .
First , do we need this observatory at all ?
I think not .
But if we do , would it not be far quicker , cheaper and more cost-effective to commission one of our great European accounting firms to do the work ?
I am sure it would .
Question No 2 by (H-643/00 ) : Subject : United Nations General Assembly Special Session for Children What action does the Council intend to take in order to ensure that the EU makes a positive and constructive contribution to the United Nations General Assembly Special Session for Children , in September 2001 , when all states will review commitments and goals set ten years ago at the World Summit for Children ?
Does the Council agree that it is important that Member States , the Commission and the Council have a coherent approach to this Summit ?
Question No 4 by (H-0697/00 ) : Subject : Professor A Pelinka and Austria Is the Council aware of the case of Professor Anton Pelinka who has had his work in the European Monitoring Centre deliberately impeded and sabotaged by the Austrian Government and who has consequently had to resign from his position as Vice-President and member of the Management Committee of the Monitoring Centre ?
Does the Council not believe this to be a clear case of political interference of the kind many of us believed would follow from the entry into government of the Austrian Freedom Party ?
Does the Council not believe that this case justifies the imposition of sanctions and makes it all the more important for the sanctions to be maintained ?
Mr President , I had the privilege of being a member of the Council of Ministers ' Consultative Committee on Racism and Xenophobia , along with Professor Pelinka .
He was a highly valued if not slightly boring member , who tried to prevent us going too far in our recommendations and acted as a brake on some of us who were more enthusiastic about pushing forward .
Is the Council aware that the management committee of the Monitoring Centre has passed a resolution expressing regret at the resignation of Professor Pelinka and the events leading to that resignation and is the Council prepared to draw the attention of the Wise Men to this particular incident and ask them to include that in their report because it clearly seems to be a possible example of how our common European values are being undermined by the current government in Austria ?
Thank you very much to Mr Veltroni for giving us such a valuable report .
It is a welcome clarification on where Parliament stands on digital and audiovisual sector issues for the forthcoming revision of TV without frontiers .
However , I want to confine my remarks this evening to public service broadcasting in the digital age because there are some very important public access issues that we need to address when defining the principles from the crossover in our current media to the development of digital broadcasting .
Defining the values and principles underlying public broadcasting gives us some difficulties anyway , as Member States , corporations , and broadcasters all have very different ideas of what public broadcasting constitutes .
However , this should not prevent us from defining it in the digital age , because these principles are very important to us all , and , as infrastructure has developed , so content is going to develop as well .
We are all being told that we are entering a knowledge-based society , and if that is the case , then knowledge in a sense becomes power that defines the powerless and the powerful , the information poor and the information rich .
Overcoming that divide , to my mind , should be one of the key points that we emphasise in this report .
There are a number of reasons why this is important to us from the perspective of European content .
First of all , if we are in a knowledge-based society , we need growth in knowledge-based and creative skills .
Secondly , we are a democratic society , and digital policy in the audiovisual sector can connect our local citizens to our citizens at the centres of power .
In terms of cultural richness and diversity , it is important both that we should have individual centres of cultural excellence and that we be bound as a European continent .
And , finally , we have to ensure that the switchover from analogue to digital is attractive to all of our citizens : that is the end which we should work to achieve .
Mr President , it is not often that a politician of my calibre gets to speak to such a packed and huge audience .
I should like to thank all the interpreters for staying behind .
I understand that my speech leaked out to the rest of the Members of Parliament beforehand , hence their disappearance in mass numbers .
Many of the interpreters , I am sure , would have liked to have studied on a Erasmus course when they were learning their languages and studying at university .
I , as a British Conservative , often find fault - and it is very easy to find fault - with many of the programmes organised and paid for by the European Commission and the European Union .
However I have a soft spot for Erasmus because it is very difficult to find fault with that particular programme