we are all being judged .
The CAP made a decisive contribution towards this development by abolishing minimum guaranteed prices and selling out farmers with small and medium-sized holdings to the WTO , so that the multinationals could obtain raw materials dirt cheap , and persecuting or shrinking the cooperatives , the hypocritical pronouncements of the parties which support the European one-way street notwithstanding .
The European Parliament 's 'huge expectations ' from the election of Barack Obama as President of the United States of America in fact only concern the imperialists who , with good cause , expect their interests to be served more effectively .
It therefore proposes the creation of a body to coordinate the foreign and security policy of the two imperialist centres (ΕU and USA ) at an even higher level .
The people must set up their own common front against the united attack on them by the EU , the USA and ΝΑΤΟ and overturn the imperialist order .
Regardless of its European , national or local dimension , cultural heritage is a fundamental value for European citizens .
It is not only the supply of work and employment , it is the creation of poles of attraction for cultural and historic tourism that will contribute to the sustainable development of these areas .
Among other things , this programme urges the Member States to re-programme their operational programmes for their structural funds and the energy sector , paying particular attention to improving the energy efficiency of buildings , given that the construction sector is one of the industrial sectors which creates large numbers of jobs .
To date the European Regional Development Fund ( ERDF ) has only considered expenditure incurred by Member States which joined the European Union after May 2004 as eligible expenditure for housing , especially for energy efficiency and renewable energy in housing .
I then considered it useful to support a spending limit for the investments in question of 4 % of the total ERDF budget and to delete the reference relating to low-income households , a recommendation that was included in the Commission 's initial proposal , leaving it to the discretion of the Member States to determine the categories of households that will be eligible .
The review of the regulation in question does not affect eligible expenditure in housing and strengthens the activity of important sectors of the economy such as the construction industry and the sectors which build energy systems and renewable energy systems .
Madam President , Commissioner , thank you .
I have a few comments to make on what we have just heard .
As a second comment , I wish to say that you must proceed apace in the new term with amending and simplifying other regulations , as other Members have already said , and that the European Parliament wishes to make an active contribution to the study , evaluation and drafting of these regulations .
I also welcome your statement that you will table a report on the recovery plans in the second half of 2010 , based on the programmes submitted to you by the Member States .
The Greek Communist Party voted against the report .
Just as migrant parents are the first victims of class exploitation , their children too are the first victims of class discrimination in education .
The report is an exercise in propaganda by the political forces of the ' European one-way street ' to persuade the people of the alleged benefits of the EU.
In an effort to deal with the constantly increasing tide of opposition to the anti-grassroots policy of the EU , of the euro-unifying construct itself , they are calling on the EU to step up its false propaganda and to promote the non-existent advantages of European citizenship .
The workers can and will send this message through the ballot box during the European elections in June .
These data , together with a series of other personal data , will be recorded in the VIS information system which has already been introduced by the EU and which aspires to being the biggest personal database - for which read police records - of all third country nationals .
These products will acquire 'added ' value by registering for the label , the cost of which will be passed on to the end user , thereby increasing the profits of the monopolies still further .
The people responsible for destroying the environment cannot at the same time be appointed to protect it .
No parliament , no parliamentary majority comprising the representatives and servants of the barbaric capitalist system can use slander , lies and forgery to wipe out the history of social revolution , written and signed by the people with their blood .
Thus they are acquitting fascism , slandering socialism and exonerating imperialism of the crimes which it committed and is committing today .
We roundly condemn any form of totalitarianism and , at the same time , underline the importance of remembering the past .
This is an important element in our history .
That is why we decided to abstain from today 's vote on the joint motion for a resolution by the four political groups , including the Group of the European People 's Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats , on European conscience and totalitarianism .
A coordinated fight by the workers is needed so that , on the basis of the principle of prevention , exposure limits and actual exposure to electromagnetic fields can be reduced .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I should like to start by congratulating both the rapporteur , Mrs Vălean , and the rapporteur for the first regulation on roaming , Mr Rübig , on the excellent cooperation which we had in the Committee on Culture and Education , for which I acted as draftsman , on a matter which is naturally of interest to 150 million consumers and to the telecommunications industry .
