committing to using instruments to prevent and combat disasters at European level that are linked to those of the Member States , as well as to local and community strategies .
This report , which I support , reflects these concerns .
Moreover , on the challenges for donor countries , the report stresses the simplification of its aid procedures and innovative sources of financing .
It is impossible to deal with this topic without mentioning the European Union 's leadership in providing aid for developing countries .
It must not relax its demands , and it must certainly not deal with those who profit from other people 's misery .
Child labour constitutes an obstacle to the establishment of universal primary education and poverty reduction .
It is the workers who create wealth and economic growth , and production must be organised for their sake and to meet social needs , and not for the sake of profit .
It is therefore necessary for developing countries to diversify their economies by developing their processing sectors , while also seeking to cut excessive bureaucracy , so as to make small and medium-sized enterprises the engine of employment and growth .
My endorsement of this report in its current form , however , does not detract from the need to implement the same desideratum in Europe as well .
Adverse drug reactions , however , remain the fifth most common cause of hospital deaths .
I congratulate the rapporteur and also the Commission on their spirit of cooperation , as well as the Spanish Presidency .
Between 2006 and 2010 , however , the crisis occurred , but our budgets did not reflect urgent new needs or new priorities .
Territorial cohesion - like economic and social cohesion , in fact - is a very telling example of that .
Even though mountainous regions , islands and sparsely populated areas differ from each other in their own particular ways , they all struggle with a number of perennial difficulties and problems that they have in common .
Nor can we forget that some of these regions , such as the island regions , often complement each other in terms of their production and markets .
Once again , we sound a warning that we have voiced on several occasions : these regions , especially the outermost regions , must be kept among the convergence targets so as not to aggravate a series of structural weaknesses from which most of them still suffer , as in the case of the autonomous regions of Madeira and the Azores in Portugal .
The road ahead has been clearly laid out : greater alignment with NATO and the United States , growing external interventionism , and a worrying military build-up in international relations .
That means that the main financial speculation mechanisms remain in the market and that the measures taken now are aimed more at facilitating control by the major powers and their financial groups over Member States with more fragile economies than at tackling the issue of financial speculation head-on and stamping it out .
There are also other areas where it is hoped that the European supervisory authorities will contribute to financial stability , in particular , by centralising in one institution the supervision of EU-registered credit rating agencies , the promotion of mandatory technical standards and the mediation of conflicts between national supervisors .
The EU needs greater flexibility to allow it to create reserves and room for manoeuvre so that it will be able to react quickly and effectively to urgent or unforeseen situations .
The criticisms that have been levelled at the European Union are often the result of a lack of transparency in its accounts .
However , this margin will be further reduced due to existing commitments which have not yet been included in the budget .
We have always criticised the meagreness of the current multiannual financial framework , which has reduced the structural funds to 0.37 % of the EU gross national income .
The EU needs to provide itself with sufficient resources to enable it to achieve its objectives and implement its policies .
Despite these advantages , I believe a serious and very thorough assessment is required of its impact on the Union 's accounts , which is likely to be considerable .
A token entry ( p.m. ) is proposed for commitment and payment appropriations , as well as revenue .
Since it has been established that the delays in meeting deadlines are sometimes the responsibility of the Member States , which opened their web portals late or had other technical issues , I am keen that the taxable person 's right to deduct VAT should not be jeopardised as a result .
I could not agree more with the rapporteur , who noted that any delay in refunding VAT could have very serious financial consequences for companies within the internal market , especially in the current climate , where any increase in the financial burden could be catastrophic .
Council Directive 2008/09/EC ( the VAT Refund Directive ) attempted to simplify the process of refunding VAT and reducing the administrative burden by introducing an electronic process that would allow taxpayers to submit a single request for a refund .
For all the above reasons , I voted in favour of this report .
Achieving a good pharmacovigilance system , based on healthcare professionals , companies and patients themselves reporting any adverse reactions , is therefore a priority .
The pharmaceutical industry is one of the most important sectors in today 's societies , at an economic , social and scientific level .
I voted for this report as the topic it addresses - pharmacovigilance - is increasingly important in scientifically and technologically developed societies , particularly in relation to biomedical research .
The broadening of criteria and the centralisation of institutions will help biomedical research and provide valuable benefits to society