I look forward to early membership for Hungary .
I welcome the Van Orden report on Bulgaria 's application for membership of the European Union and share the majority of conclusions that he draws .
I note that Bulgaria is making good progress to meeting both the Copenhagen criteria and meeting the obligations of the acquis communautaire .
If Bulgaria continues to make progress and the European Union adjusts its institutional structure and policies in order to cope with enlargement I can see no reason why Bulgaria should not be admitted to the Union .
I look forward to Bulgaria joining the Union in the not too distant future .
Nicholson of Winterbourne Report ( A5-0247/2000 )
.
I welcome the Winterbourne report on Romania 's application for membership of the European Union and share the majority of conclusions that she draws .
I note that Romania is making good progress to meeting both the Copenhagen criteria and meeting the obligations of the acquis communautaire .
If Romania continues to make progress and the European Union adjusts its institutional structure and policies in order to cope with enlargement I can see no reason why Romania should not be admitted to the Union .
I look forward to Romania joining the Union in the not too distant future .
Martelli Report ( A5-0242/2000 )
I welcome the Martelli report on Slovenia 's application for membership of the European Union and endorse the conclusions she draws .
I note that Slovenia has made excellent progress towards meeting the Copenhagen criteria and is making good progress towards fulfilling the acquis communautaire .
Once the European Union has adjusted its institutional structure and policies in order to cope with enlargement I can see no reason why Slovenia should not be welcomed into the Union .
I hope Slovenia will be in the first group of new members .
Poos Report ( A5-0249/2000 )
Mr President , my vote on the report on Cyprus should be seen as a protest against its lack of balance , because I am not opposed to the entry of Cyprus to the European Union .
On the contrary , I am keen to see Cyprus in , but I could not accept this unbalanced report , especially paragraph 4 , and the failure to insist on at least on the desirability of having a political settlement prior to accession .
In addition , the report called for the repatriation of settlers which presumably includes their children born and raised in Cyprus .
Whatever the solution on settlers , and it is a thorny issue along with land restitution on both sides , this is too harsh without giving a qualification .
The European Parliament has failed in its duty to reflect a balanced approach which I very much regret .
Of course the Republic of Cyprus is the internationally recognised state but we should do more to recognise the rights as well as the duties of the Turkish-Cypriot community .
I regret I cannot support the Poos report on Cyprus .
The fourth round of Cyprus proximity talks took place in New York from 12-26 September .
The parties have agreed to meet next in Geneva on 1-10 November .
The UN settlement process has now lasted since December 1999 without a break , longer than any of the previous attempts to solve the Cyprus problem .
The UN Secretary-General 's Special Adviser on Cyprus , Alvaro de Soto , said at his press briefing on 26 September that a "qualitative step forward " had taken place in the fourth round of talks .
He emphasised that , while there is still a long way to go , the two sides had engaged in substance during the talks in a way that they had not done before .
He observed that new ground was being broken , which might cause nervousness in some quarters .
But he looked forward in the coming months to building on the progress that has already been made .
He also noted that the UN was already in contact with the EU in order to ensure that there was no clash with the goals of the United Nations process .
As Mr de Soto noted , we do not expect progress to be easy , and the success of the UN process is far from assured .
The UK position is that it is vital for us to do everything we can to show our support for the Secretary-General 's efforts .
Unfortunately some of the comments made in the draft report on the application by Cyprus for membership of the European Union by the Committee on Foreign Affairs , Human Rights , Common Security and Defence Policy are not helpful .
The use of polemical language and the one-sided impression given of MEPs ' views risks undermining the process .
I therefore hope that MEPs will do all they can to encourage the European Parliament to express its support for progress in the UN settlement process , based on the continuing goodwill of all parties in that process and that they will ensure that the European Parliament does not produce statements or take positions which might cut across that process .
.
I warmly welcome Mr Poos ' report on Cyprus 's application for membership of the European Union .
I note that Cyprus is making good progress in incorporating the acquis communautaire thus allowing accession negotiations to move swiftly along .
Like the rapporteur , I too welcome the Helsinki Council agreement not to make a solution to the division of the island a pre-condition for accession .
There is no doubt that the accession of Cyprus to the Union will strengthen the influence of the European Union in the eastern Mediterranean and the Middle East .
From the economic point of view , the accession of Cyprus should not pose major problems , since it is a country with a market economy and a high standard of