these two directives .
The directive on the registration of persons sailing on board passenger ships will help to improve the rescue work in a crisis situation .
On the whole , the shipowners are sceptical about such proposals .
The shipowners can take some comfort in the thought that we are cooperating well on safety in the Community , and there is scope for changes in the rules where special circumstances obtain .
I feel that the directive on the minimum level of training for seafarers should above all be seen in the light of the fact that 80 % of all accidents at sea are due to human error .
The West is indeed losing jobs to other parts of the world , and that also applies to seafarers .
That is why we need to take the offensive in the maritime sector , as we are doing elsewhere .
For seafarers , that means training and further training .
I should like to draw the Commissioner 's attention to Amendment No 10 in Mr Parodi 's report , which we in the Socialist Group support .
I realize that the PPE Group is not in favour of it , but I wonder if the Commissioner could tell us to what extent the Commission envisages supporting this proposal .
Mr President , I should like to thank Mr Perry for the report , which I think is an excellent piece of work .
But , that said , I think we can safely say that the Committee on Petitions and the Ombudsman together really focus on the most vital areas of the Union 's work .
This is where the individual citizen can get a concern addressed in an entirely concrete way .
Where else in the Union is it possible to get a case off the ground without spending huge amounts on legal assistance ?
But , precisely because this is where the individual citizen comes into direct contact with the Union , it is important that the procedure should be as effective as possible .
Things get almost completely impossible when one ventures into this area , and I think that , particularly when fifteen countries have to cooperate , it is absolutely vital to make use of computer systems and information technology .
Mr President , the Commission Green Paper on future noise policy contains many important and correct considerations on the noise problems we experience in our daily lives .
I welcome the Commission 's decision to replace its original idea of committing the individual Member States to common legislation in the area with a noise abatement programme .
In this way we have managed to deal with all major noise problems in an exemplary manner .
This is done in the best democratic fashion through a dialogue with local agencies in the local environment .
Our international airport at Kastrup , in cooperation with the Folketing , has introduced a full landing ban on especially noisy aircraft during the hours of night , and is moreover currently one of Europe 's quietest airports .
Overall , I can give heartfelt support to the other proposals , and I will wait to see whether the close national monitoring called for by the resolution actually takes place .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , it is hard to follow a rapporteur who has already given a brilliant presentation of the issues involved , but I nevertheless take the opportunity to praise the report .
I also praise the Commission for producing a good proposal , and I hope as well that I shall be able to praise the Council for taking the helping hand held out by Parliament and the Commission to make combined transport a standard feature of our transport system .
That said , we do note with satisfaction that the 1992 experiment now looks as though it is developing into a proper programme .
The aims of the programme are thus a key factor in our progress towards sustainable development .
Now that we have the Just In Time concept and a massive increase in transport volumes , we are confronted with a task : how do we ensure rational development ?
My answer is quite simple : the carrot and the stick .
We must calculate all the costs of transport into a fair and effective pricing system .
Again I agree with the rapporteur .
The proposal does not have any special focus on Eastern Europe , although the corridors into the Central and Eastern European countries are expressly eligible for assistance .
It is not the first time I have mentioned the Baltic , but here we have a good opportunity to tell the applicant states that they must not make the same mistakes as we have done .
I am reminded that , when we mention the Via Baltica , we are not just talking about a motorway , we are talking about railways and sea crossings as well .
It is essential not just to look at individual areas in Europe , but to combine the experience we gather in one area and use it elsewhere .
I am very glad of it .
I think it was bad because there is unemployment .
But regions are affected .
In my region we have the highest rate of unemployment in Denmark , and we shall lose 2900 jobs .
People will really be devastated by this measure .
Create new jobs , before you start to close jobs down .
We now have a farming industry that uses unheard-of amounts of poison in order to achieve maximum possible yields .
We are now on the brink of an enlargement of the EU to include the Eastern and Central European countries , which also have a large agricultural sector .
In addition , there are the demands from the World Trade Organization for us to fall into line with world market prices