Hence the need for psychological and also practical assurances for the single currency , which will usher in more opportunities than risks .
In my view , Mr Le Pen represents the worst that politics has to offer : racism , intolerance , incitement to hatred and bigotry .
The chosen solution guarantees two requirements which are vital to the functioning of the entire system : flexibility and freedom of action for companies , on the one hand , and the need to protect the public on the other .
I am likewise in favour of allowing national central banks to initiate sanctions , whilst giving the ECB alone the final say : greater controls at local level will be matched by more uniform treatment throughout the ESCB.
Once more , Parliament has chosen to close its eyes and believe that the response to all of this is empty words , the idle chatter of hypocritical prohibition .
This is in no way consistent with damage limitation , which consists in the possible - but far from proven - reduction of the damage , and not in fighting drugs as an escape route out of social difficulties .
Mr President , the persistent increase in fraud perpetrated at the expense of the Community budget requires an immediate solution , especially since the phenomenon appears to have spread to the institutions themselves in recent months .
The creation of an anti-corruption unit , responsible for fighting corruption and fraud within the EU institutions , should be backed by assistance from the institutions concerned .
In respect of these , decisions must be taken which are transparent , but without this transparency , to which we are all attached , being combined with leaks and incriminations , which can only poison the atmosphere between us , instead of creating calm .
However , it has not been mentioned that the Court of Auditors ' report highlights serious shortcomings in the operation of UCLAF itself : lack of transparency , lack of security , lack of permanent officials - half the people working for UCLAF are temporary staff - deficiencies in the Unit 's database , and so on .
In this context , the Commission has drawn up an impressive communication setting out its five themes for action : development of the concept of nine pan-European corridors , plus the latest one for the former Yugoslavia ; extension of the Union 's trans-European networks to the applicant countries ; a joint approach to the use of interoperable technologies ; intelligent network use ; and cooperation in research and development .
This area is not spelled out clearly in the Commission 's document ; it does appear among the other actions of the Commission , but this does not satisfy us .
These data should , I believe , be investigated further in respect of the cost of not using telematics ; in other words , the social benefits should be assessed in financial terms .
We are convinced that a good job of work has been done here , and would encourage the Commission to work along these lines .
Be that as it may , the problem of the legal base remains and must be solved .
Mr President , I was councillor for tourism in the Campania region for three years , and during that time I heard many people maintain that tourism is an important factor of development and an essential economic activity .
That , then , is the economic scale of a sector which is progressing , growing , increasing , and to which Europe 's institutions still seem not to give proper consideration .
But I believe that , in spite of subsidiarity - which still remains a valid principle at territorial level - tourism can at the same time be promoted for Europe as a whole .
I should like to hear the views of the Council presidency on this point .
Some slippage has occurred over the past two years , it is true , under the Labour Government , as compared with two years ago when Malta met the Maastricht criteria in full , and now it needs to catch up again .
Mr President , unfortunately in Kosovo we are witnessing the umpteenth Balkan tragedy , but as always we utter the same predictable and futile words .
Milosevic has been able to act undisturbed , in the knowledge of Europe 's cowardliness .
Given that this House has drawn attention several times to the enormous risk being run , I now ask you all what we intend to do with Milosevic , before or after military intervention .
On the contrary , Commissioner , I am convinced that this discussion should have been initiated rather sooner , because it has been smouldering beneath the ashes for too long .
I remember Commissioner MacSharry , when he proposed the reform in 1992 , saying : ' We must redistribute the effects of the agricultural budget among countries , among producers and among regions ' .
Our third point relates to the need to step up the fight against the illegal exploitation of immigrants and against the criminal organisations which exploit the right to migrate .
There has never been a time in the history of this continent when peoples have not been moving from one place to another as a result of famine , war , scarcity , poverty or persecution .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , the Group of the European People 's Party calls on the Commission , and above all the Council , to ensure that this problem is tackled thoroughly , in political and practical terms - under the third chapter of the Barcelona Declaration , and more generally under the European Union 's third pillar - by introducing specific actions for the monitoring and assistance of clandestine immigrants and by negotiating specific measures concerning