I would just like to take a minute to go into the report by Mr Watts .
Hence we will support a number of amendments tabled by Mr Vachetta .
Everyone who works in the sector bears a heavy responsibility .
As the rapporteur very rightly points out , the condition of a tanker is more indicative than its age .
Mr President , since the breaking up of the tanker Erika , a package of measures has been devised , under political pressure , with a view to improving the safety of ships at sea .
Thirdly , I feel that a tough line must be taken with the classification societies .
Then there is the matter of how to deal with flags of convenience .
Mr President , first of all I would like to thank the rapporteurs for their sterling work .
Maintenance plays a very important part .
Once again , enforcement is the most important measure .
Immediately after the Erika disaster the Commissioner started working on an extensive legislation package , and in all honesty , I am compelled to say that apart from the liability aspect , the legislation really was not bad at all .
It would also seem to be better than imposing sanctions that do not yield anything .
Mrs Sanders has already mentioned Cambodia .
Where are they now ?
I do not think we can continue to operate with any credibility without a tracking system of this kind .
Human error largely results from overloading , underpayment and the fact that the sailors have not received adequate training .
We must not allow single-hull tankers to carry on sailing in our waters when they are no longer present elsewhere after 2005 , 2010 or 2015 .
However , the ways in which it has been toned down make it inadequate .
It would be better still if inspections were to take place biannually and if classification societies were not permitted to be dependent on one large company alone , which builds , repairs or utilises ships .
An ambition for power alone is not enough to prepare the European Union for the future .
- ( NL ) Earlier this year I heard Mr Solana saying enthusiastically that there are many areas outside the territory of the European Union where action can be taken .
- ( NL ) Female labour has a long history of poor pay , poor working conditions , a poor legal position and sexual intimidation .
Although my group considers the report to be too limited and the conclusions too modest , they will help us to start moving in the right direction .
I regret this and that is why we abstained from the vote as a group , because we feel that the NGOs have done badly out of it .
How far are we allowed to take it ?
Those who adhere to them would not then be required to fulfil various additional conditions depending on which country they happen to be in .
This directive will ensure that we at last get to know what cigarettes contain and why .
The harmful effects are largely caused by the tar , carbon monoxide , and other ingredients , and we need to find out more about the damaging , but perhaps even the positive , aspects of nicotine addiction .
Fourthly , we must see whether the choices we face in terms of content will contribute to a high standard of public health protection , because that is another of our duties pursuant to Article 95 .
Mr President , to finish I just have this to say .
However , the sad fact is that tobacco is still produced , presented and sold .
On a final note , I must sadly point out again that the European tobacco policy is still inconsistent .
As for the other comments , I would point out that we ought not to concentrate too much on symbols that do not tackle the root cause of the problem .
The weakness of the proposal resides in the fact that it places heavy emphasis on the promotion of free competition .
A watered-down text was adopted back then too , but the Council of Ministers still thinks that Parliament ' s opinion goes too far .
The industry complains about the inequality and inefficiency of the present legislation .
The inequality concerns the permitted ingredients , for example .
We will therefore vote in favour of the amendment that does request information on the ingredients used , but which proposes a more realistic working method than is outlined at present in the common position .
Mr President , I am grateful to my group for being willing to allow me extra time .
Finally , Mr President , major alterations must be made to the Council ' s common position .
We can read the basic principles for European public health policy in Article 152 of the Treaty of Amsterdam : " Community action , which shall complement national policies .
A European approach does not lend a great deal of added value over and above the efforts undertaken by the Member States .
What did we request for this group of people ?
They should not be cross-examining these people in a room which is a general thoroughfare .
It is quoted in many international documents on victims of crimes and it is essential for the victim to be given access to their own lawsuit .
What we also need is a legal basis and harmonisation of measures for the protection of victims .
The Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development told us to use the financial leeway between the financial perspective and the final budget , which amounted to upwards of generous EUR 900 million at the time , EUR 600 million of which was to be used for BSE.
Mr President , as draftsman of the opinion of the