in a shorter space of time , and with a higher level of organ acceptance .
The hypocrisy is reaching the point of not even complying with the provisions of the treaties , as compliance would involve one session per month ; in other words , including August .
The motion for a resolution expresses some reservations regarding the use of an enzyme preparation based on thrombin with fibrinogen as a food additive for reconstituting food , which seem pertinent to us .
We therefore deem this resolution worthy of our support .
There is currently no database covering the whole of the European Union which contains information about organs intended for donation and transplantation or on living or deceased donors , nor a pan-European certification system which provides proof that human organs and tissues have been legally obtained .
I support the idea that anyone who encourages or promotes so-called 'transplant tourism ' must be punished , as must recourse to organ trafficking networks .
This discrepancy is the result of a shortage of organs for transplantation in comparison to need .
However , there are still long waiting lists for transplants .
Twelve patients die every day and 60 000 are waiting for a compatible donor for organ transplants within the EU.
The creation of national and EU records of the processes involved in transplantation (avoiding discrimination , monitoring the results , etc. ) also stands out .
This accession is of the greatest significance at both political and legal levels in the creation of a true area of human rights .
The adoption of the Charter of Fundamental Rights , initially with a reduced scope and later on extended by being integrated into the treaty , constituted an important stage in this process .
Moreover , since the EU system for the protection of fundamental human rights is consolidated and strengthened by incorporating the Charter of Fundamental Rights into its primary law , the EU 's adhesion to the ECHR will constitute a strong message in terms of coherence between the EU and the countries that belong to the Council of Europe and its pan-European regime in matters relating to human rights .
It should be noted that accession does not grant the EU membership of the Council of Europe , or call into question the autonomy of Union law , since the CJEU remains the only authority adjudicating on issues relating to the validity and interpretation of Union law .
The EU has already provided over EUR 40 million over ten years under the European Instrument for Human Rights and Democracy for projects aimed at supporting the ICC and international criminal justice .
The internal market , as well as the policies related to it , has allowed the European public better access to goods and services , and more variety at a lower cost .
However , the economic crisis has undoubtedly affected public and consumer confidence in the single market .
The construction of a single market has always been and continues to be one of the EU 's main objectives .
Today , knowledge is a greater priority than ever .
It is necessary to strengthen both the interdisciplinary and transdisciplinary facets of education and research programmes and cooperation between universities .
Partnerships must be established between universities and businesses in order to facilitate the entry of these workers into the labour market , helping reduce the high levels of unemployment that are being recorded today in particular .
I believe that cooperation between the education sector and business at local , regional , national and transnational level is crucial for bridging the gap between the supply logic of the education sector and the demand logic of the world of employment .
This university-business concept is moving away from the real meaning and value of education as a universal right and approaches education in terms of commercialising it , stripping it of content and quality .
The rules in force in Central and Eastern European countries regarding nuclear power and radioactive waste prior to accession were less demanding than the rules applicable to the EU at the time .
Given this , I believe it is absolutely vital for the EU to safeguard sufficient financial and technical resources for decommissioning Units 1 to 4 of the Kozloduy Nuclear Plant in Bulgaria , as advocated by Parliament in this resolution .
That is why I voted as I did .
I call upon the exchange of knowledge in regional 'clusters ' to be promoted through the structural funds , since these 'clusters ' represent a great opportunity , particularly for disadvantaged regions .
In the light of this , I support this resolution , which stresses the urgent need to achieve greater efficiency , flexibility and simplification of access to structural funds , so as to ensure quick access to support and financing mechanisms for new business projects and for the revitalisation of small and medium-sized businesses .
This report is an initiative that I support because I think that it is essential for synergies to be implemented between the structural funds devoted to research and innovation and the Seventh Framework Programme for Research and Development , with a view to greater efficiency in achieving the goal of the knowledge society .
The inadequacy of the revision to the Stability and Growth Pact has also become clear .
Reducing poverty , ensuring social cohesion and stimulating economic growth and productivity are indisputable priorities in the EU , and they will certainly be helped by a gradual reduction of the tax burden on jobs and on small and medium-sized enterprises .
This is a time for brave decisions at national level , with a long-term view and without cutting any corners .
The ultimate objective of the cohesion policy is reducing disparities between the levels of economic development of the various regions and tackling the structural backwardness of the most disadvantaged and outermost regions