should be doing our best to aid Cyprus in its quest to reach a peaceful solution which brings together these two communities which have been divided for too many years .
Mr President , Malta and Cyprus are very different from the countries of mainland Europe .
The Maltese in particular have been very good at surviving in hostile geographical and geopolitical environments .
Their success has relied in great part on their enterprise , their dynamism and their flexibility .
Malta has vibrant light and heavy industry , growing financial services , good agriculture , magnificent tourism and an amazing range of employment opportunities , all of this on an island virtually barren of natural resources .
I am certain , therefore , that an island such as Malta , with its population of 340 000 cannot accommodate the rigidities of the economic and legal structures of the mainland which has a population a thousand times greater .
Thus , when I look at this proposed instrument I do not see a measure to bring two peoples into the fold of Mother Europe .
The situation is more akin to a black hole in space , sucking in masses so powerfully that not even light escapes .
We should not be bribing these island peoples to cooperate in their own destruction , giving them money to absorb laws which are as alien to their culture as a black hole is to Mother Earth .
The EU should leave Cyprus and Malta alone .
It seems to me that the only people in Malta that want this are the political class , and I shall be keeping my fingers crossed that once again the Maltese people are the winners .
Mr President , I am no friend of Milosevic or his government .
Nevertheless I have the gravest doubts about the legitimacy of Nato 's action against Yugoslavia over Kosovo , both in terms of the lack of authority from the UN Security Council and because it could have been avoided by not imposing unacceptable terms on Serbia 's sovereignty at Rambouillet .
The current situation in Kosovo , which is now ethnically cleansed of Serbs and Roma , speaks for itself .
Should Nato not at the very least acknowledge fault for its deliberate targeting of the Belgrade TV tower and killing over 20 civilian journalists , which remains a severe moral blemish on the conduct of the war and now opens the embarrassment of a possible indictment for war crimes against our Western leaders ?
Mr President , I have the honour of being a member of the Convention drafting the Charter so I am not going to ask the presidency to speculate on the contents or whether it thinks the Convention should be declaratory or whether it should have judicial force .
What I would like to know is what will happen to the draft Charter that the Convention draws up ?
Will the Council treat it as a document that it has to accept as it stands , or will the Council feel free to amend that document ?
Will the Council say just simply yes or no to it or will it be in a position to actually then redraft that draft Charter ?
Question No 8 by (H-0042/00 ) : Subject : Granting of export credit guarantees and its implications for the construction of the Ilisu Dam in Turkey The G8 meeting in Cologne called on the OECD to set up a process for the establishment of common standards for the granting of export credits .
These can be used to distort competition and support questionable projects .
Will the EU take the lead in advancing this process ?
The need was demonstrated recently by the statement from the British Government that it is 'minded to grant ' an export credit licence to a company involved in the construction of the Ilisu Dam in Turkey .
The World Bank has decided not to fund the project , which will displace 20 000 Kurds , potentially limit the fresh water supply to Syria and Iraq and cause ecological damage .
What is the Council 's view of the involvement of European governments and companies in this project ?
The process of agreeing these common standards may have started as long ago as 1978 but clearly the fact that the British Government appears to be going ahead with a massively environmentally damaging project suggests that it has not been very successful so far .
I wonder if you would answer a question concerning investment by EU companies in the EU applicant countries .
I ask this because of the issue of coherence , the subject of this morning ' s discussion .
On the one hand we ask applicant countries to take on board the environmental acquis and yet , at the very same time , the EU Member States are supporting and encouraging investment in those countries which is itself hugely environmentally damaging .
Can you say whether or not the specific issue of investment in applicant countries has featured in any of the discussions to date to which you have been referring ?
I would like to ask the President-in-Office of the Council , after his few hours working in this Chamber with these Members of the European Parliament , whether he has come to any assessment of what they are worth in terms of pay ?
, rapporteur. - Mr President , I had hoped to be rising at 9 a.m. , not 9 p.m. , to present this report .
I hope the number of Members in this Chamber is not an indication of the interest in overseas development work .
However , it is normal practice that the report on the work of the ACP-EU Joint Assembly is put before Members of this Parliament and I have the pleasant task of doing that tonight .
