In fact , Romania has important work to do before the accession scheduled for 2007 can take place .
Through this report , the European Parliament is saying yes to the integration of Romania , but it will be monitoring that country ’s compliance with all of its commitments .
Mr President , Commissioner , I would like to welcome you on the occasion of your first speech in a debate on human rights .
You will always be welcome .
I would point out that the budget line that provides for its funding – as Mr McMillan-Scott has just said – under the heading ‘European Initiative for Democracy and Human Rights’ , was created on the initiative of this Parliament – many of us who were present at that time are still here – and the Commission points out in its explanatory statement the full validity and the proper application endorsed by the impact assessment , which stresses the positive results concerning the development of the capacity of the NGOs specialising in human rights and concerning civil society organisations .
If the humanitarian organisations acting in the interests of those individuals had shown the same determination as their counterparts promoting the cause of animals , something could probably have been done to help the European children dying day after day .
The decision on this crucial issue in the debate has been postponed for six years .
I refer to the issues instrumental in the failure of negotiations last April , namely journey times and stocking densities .
In addition , it spells out the duty of setting up training systems that will also improve the transport of animals .
At most , this could be linked to the loss of these nets and subsequent so-called ghost fishing As the Commissioner stated , there is no scientific data relating to areas or species .
The scientific community accepts that coral reefs are generally found around a 1 000 metre bathymetric line .
I must emphasise that we do not support either the first or the second part of Amendment No 7 .
I refer to Budget Line 15 03 01 02 – Leonardo da Vinci Programme , where the amount shown under commitments should be modified to read EUR 205 366 880 .
The leak is also responsible for chronic illnesses affecting more than 100 000 people .
Companies must be party to international agreements and conventions .
All international actors share the duty of creating a fairer and more sustainable world .      Mr President , I simply wished to point out that there is a mistake in the voting list circulated to the Socialist Group in the European Parliament .
I believe that the Constitution marks a point of no return and , just as , not so long ago , the Constitution of my country was the Constitution of harmony , which allowed us to move into the future , this European Constitution is going to allow all of us Europeans to move forward together within a project of common civilisation .
I joined this Parliament 13 years ago , when it was a consultative assembly ; today it no longer is .
That was a road , and that road has led us to where we are today and I believe that today , in this comfortable inn represented by the European Constitution , over the coming years we Europeans are going to find it to be an effective instrument to move Europe forward in peace , freedom , justice and solidarity .
We will end – though this is of particular relevance given the current circumstances in Southeast Asia – by stressing that the Constitution provides for the creation of a European body of volunteers for humanitarian actions , thereby demonstrating its considerable timeliness and capacity for anticipation .     .
We must , therefore , say ‘yes’ , because we believe in Europe and we are aware that this European project is going to resolve the daily problems of the citizens .
Because Ibarretxe and his government , who call themselves democrats , have made a pact with the murderers of ETA and Batasuna to bring this plan into being ; they have made a pact with an organisation which is on the European Union’s list of terrorist groups , Batasuna , and the Basque Nationalist Party has made a pact and an alliance with criminals , with murderers : in short , with the enemies of Europe .
I believe that in that way we will be able to ensure that we have a referendum which genuinely sets a positive precedent for the referendums in the other States which have decided to hold them and that there be a public and open debate .
Some people are calling for a ‘yes ’ without any real conviction and sending confused and contradictory messages to their own voters , seeking only to erode the current government of Spain .
Naturally , through this Constitution , the Union will have more legitimacy , more values , more rights , more democracy and more efficiency in terms of the Common Foreign and Security Policy ; the European Security and Defence Policy ; the Area of Freedom , Security and Justice ; and also social Europe .
We will be there .     Mr President , as this report demonstrates very well , there are three basic aspects to the draft Constitution : firstly , the Union’s values and objectives , the unity and equality of its peoples , as well as the protection of the diversity of its cultures , identities and languages ; secondly , the rights , interests and duties of the citizens ; and , thirdly , the rules for the institutions and for European political life .
We still have to face the most difficult challenge : its approval and ratification by the European citizens .
We are going to support a ‘yes ’ vote and we advocate a ‘yes ’ to the Treaty establishing a Constitution for