in a particular region of the Union ?
However , there are important aspects with which I am bound to disagree , such as the approval of the Commission 's proposal that the resources destined for the Structural Funds should be fixed at 0.46 % of the European Union 's annual gross national product .
Mr President , it is quite right that we should recognize here the efficient actions of the Member States that have received Structural Funds during their short but already ample history .
Other complementary indicators should have been taken into account , such as inequalities in health resources , the decline in working population or environmental problems .
The fisheries sector does , in fact , need to have access to a series of structural measures that must be the same for the entire sector , regardless of the region in which a particular fisheries enterprise is established .
I have to say that I feel particularly proud of how my country , Spain , the Spanish Government and the whole of Spanish society have responded to this situation .
In addition , there obviously needs to be a debt component .
To sum up , Mr President , I call on the Commission to spare no resources and to mobilise all its efforts .
I would like to stress that it is essential to review these countries ' debt so that it does not impede their possible recovery .
First , they believe that in this case we need to review the cooperation agreements and , as other Members have said , adapt them to the medium and long term to help recovery in the area .
This is why the total amount of debt should be earmarked for specific recovery projects in the area .
On this occasion , nature has not been kind to the countries of Central America , but we should remember - as Parliament has - that it was the hand of man and his negligence that has caused climate change to unleash natural disasters such as this .
Parliament and the Council must jointly and rapidly consider how to release the necessary budget funds .
We cannot justify it at all .
The countries affected are aware of the reality of their situation : they have only a minimum response capability and State structures that are too weak to cope with the damage .
The institutions of the European Union will undoubtedly have to make their financial and budgetary mechanisms more flexible in order to support this plan .
It reiterates the need for the European Union to exert a political influence in line with its current role in the area of providing economic and financial assistance , particularly in relation to the implementation of these agreements and the proposals for new formulas that might help the peace process move forward .
However , it must not limit itself to merely donating funds .
I wanted to focus on one point that was highlighted by the President-in-Office of the Council , that is , the role of Europe .
We have an important opportunity to plan the future of the European Social Fund since the new Objective 3 that is proposed in the regulation will be exclusively applied in respect of the European Social Fund and its activities are closely linked to the development of the national employment plans .
In addition , if there are funds that are not used , they should be distributed among other regions of the Member State , and the Committee on Regional Policy has also approved this .
There are areas that , although they are not as large as a region , have objective needs , and their income is unfortunately below the level required .
There is another aspect of the Commission 's proposal that we must modify .
It is impossible to take , in principle , anything but a critical position with regard to this regulation .
This critical position is justified by the current situation of the fisheries sector , and by the proposals that are being made to us in this regulation , even though they are not very specific .
And from a qualitative point of view - and I am coming to an end here - there is an observation that has been made many times in the Committee on Fisheries : it involves the plan for the new structural policy , in which the horizontal nature of the fisheries objective is lost .
I think that society is complex and that our amendments possibly complicate the Commission 's text .
I welcome this increase in funding , but it should be noted that the period from 2000 to 2006 is longer than the previous period , that figures must be compared in real terms and not in current terms , and that investments in the Union 's infrastructures have fallen from 1.5 % to 0.9 % of the GDP in recent years .
That means that every Member State , whether it fulfills the convergence criteria or whether it does not , will be punished by not receiving its share of the Cohesion Fund .
With regard to the Council , I would like to express our concern about the way in which Agenda 2000 is being handled .
In truth , we had thought that something more would have been done during the last four or five months .
I think that more information is needed .
I feel that this is serious , because there were already significant job losses in 1992 .
In this respect , I think that it would be appropriate for us to consider the possibility of promoting rural development - not only that linked to agricultural issues , but also to non-agricultural issues - so that we can approve the reforms that are currently on the table .
