6 , the own resources decision is described as being an organic law .
Mr President , the hierarchy of acts is a topic that under normal circumstances would drive any normal human being from the room , but I believe it is becoming evident how important this report by Mr Bourlanges is in terms of the EU 's legal capacity and , of course , also in terms of the comprehensibility and - as we shall see - democratisation of the decision-making process .
We could make things easier for ourselves if we in Parliament were not to enact technical regulations , but only the acts underlying them .
Under this one roof we need a unitary system , combining the Schengen Information System , the customs information system and the Europol database , that is subject to European data protection and monitored by a European Data Protection Commissioner , by Parliament and by the European Court of Justice .
What this actually does is to make clear our lack of an unambiguous position , as , on the one hand , we state in item 3 that we want a very restrictive decision , whilst , contrariwise , in item 4 making it clear that we favour a decision that goes further .
And what has happened ?
And so we go back to our discussions and to bemoaning this dreadful state of affairs .
Moreover , the disproportionately high cost of administration and the cumbersome administrative procedures bear no relation to their usefulness .
The report lists specific measures to deal with the problems ; these represent a step in the right direction and are intended to ensure that , in future , the predominant characteristics of the Socrates and ' Youth for Europe ' programmes will be greater efficiency , transparency and enthusiasm .
There is little point in prophylactic vaccination against virus strains , as it is impossible to know in advance which actual FMD virus is being brought in .
I explained the position of the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development , which was that a policy of culling and keeping countries free of the disease would not enable us to solve this problem .
This is not just about a few cows and sheep.
What I will now say , I say as one who comes from the region bordering on the Netherlands , with a very high number of granivores .
The appropriations for commitments in the 2003 Budget amount to EUR 99.69 billion , which can be used in entering into new commitments on the EU 's behalf .
Parliament and the Council have welcomed the further policy priorities for the 2003 Budget , which are 'stability and security ' and 'sustainable and inclusive economic development ' .
We now have to adapt the Financial Perspective to the Copenhagen conclusions , in order to draw up the 2004 Budget for an EU of 25 Member States .
We in the PPE-DE Group would like to expressly call upon the Commission not to let up in the area of its own reform .
Despite that , 1.9 % is more than what is currently available to many national Finance Ministers to draw up their own budgets .
Let me point out now that Parliament has quadrupled the sum of money originally proposed to be allocated for this purpose .
We in Parliament drafted a resolution expressing our opposition to direct payments and to their being transferred to the new Member States of the EU , and also stating that we take it as read that payments as a whole will not be affected , but that this is being done by way of support for rural development , that is , in the second pillar .
This money is not being used where it is needed - as aid that actually generates income .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , as rapporteur for the Committee on Industry , External Trade , Research and Energy , I see a need for discussion of four areas that are of great importance to us .
Firstly , the legislative framework for the new Financial Regulation is completed ; the Commission has adopted the Financial Regulation 's implementing regulation , along with procedural rules for the collection of receivables .
This communication now sets out step by step the action that must be taken to make the modern system available by 2005 .
Experience shows , however , that the future system must be a fully integrated system for bookkeeping purposes .
That is an important step , which is now enacted in the Financial Regulation .
That will also be decided by this Standards Committee .
Mr President , Mrs Schreyer , I congratulate you on this ambitious project and have the following questions .
You were the rapporteur , the general rapporteur , Mrs Stauner , and you also confirmed this in your statement .
As I have explained , in the year 2000 , the Commission commissioned a study that examined the accounting system .
Is it also planned to develop a kind of best practice or a benchmark system for defusing accident black spots , which after all are known from past experience , so that in future road works will serve to make traffic safer and fewer accidents happen ?
The consequences are a treatment emergency , a painful end for large stocks of birds , jeopardy for turkey farms , the development of an uncontrollable black market , and an increase in imports of poultry from third countries , where many substances that are banned in the EU are used with few or any controls .
On what basis was that decision to be taken ?
This communication is dated 25 November , but only today , nearly four weeks later , is there an early alert .
We have set binding targets .
