This is the message which the presidency is sending Serbia and the Serbian nation and the region as a whole today , and we shall do everything we can to help in this direction .
The most important aspect of this report is that it highlights the need for political will at all decision-making levels , in the administrative structure , in the Bureau , in the Conference of Presidents and in the functioning of the political groups , if we are to achieve better results in gender equality .
Nonetheless , we trust that it will provide ample opportunity for thought and will inspire us to adopt measures , now that the European Parliament is preparing to enlarge and to welcome representatives from the new Member States .
I trust you are now convinced that the issue we are debating is important enough to warrant the presence of the competent Commissioner at the debate .
Unfortunately , 6 years after the concept of gender mainstreaming was set out in the Amsterdam Treaty , this important strategy for achieving equality is still not fully operational in either the administration of the European Parliament or its political work .
However , we need support and commitment at the highest possible level if we are to achieve this objective and , at the same time , we need funds to ensure that the measures proposed in the report are applied consistently .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I should like to congratulate Mrs Avilés Perea - and this is not just a courtesy - because this debate here today really is an important debate , given that the Structural Funds are a very specific application of policy and allow us to measure whether or not it has had any substantive results .
There are four stages : the conception or planning of the programme , its application , monitoring and evaluation .
What we have to realise is that political awareness raising is needed among Structural Fund programmes planners , be they at ministerial level or at regional or local level .
We do not see that everywhere .
That brings me to stage two , which is application , and stage three , which is monitoring .
That brings me to the fourth stage , which is evaluation .
This gives us an initial opportunity , in the first two years ' implementation of the new Community Support Framework , to see if and to what extent Member States have taken account of the gender dimension at the planning stage .
It is not the rule and I think it would be a good idea if your committee and the members of parliament in each country were to lobby their governments , because we do not have indicators for all the individual programmes and that is what we need .
We need special actions to promote these gender equality-related programmes and promotion generally has an exponential effect because it raises awareness among programme planners .
What we are trying to do from the outset , at least as far as my fund is concerned , is to ensure that there is a senior official in the departments set up in the candidate countries for the Social Fund who is trained and instructed in Brussels from the outset , so that Social Fund planning takes account of mainstreaming right from the start .
There is a lack of specialised monitoring mechanisms , adequate information , adequate quantitative and qualitative indicators and adequate preparation and training of officials in charge , as the Commissioner mentioned .
We must also work with them to ensure that the new structural policy includes appropriate policies to plug the current gaps and an understanding and awareness of the need for the decisions made in the Member States to be put into practice .
However , the path is not strewn with roses .
For example , the Green Paper proposals also need to address the proposed regulation on sales promotions .
This approach has proven to be valuable and has allowed legislation to be updated .
It is a difficult choice because , first , we do not want harmonisation to result in a lower level of protection and , secondly , maximalist proposals usually obstruct attempts to harmonise .
.
Not only does the third CSF fail to empower women ; it subsidises employers so that they can undermine employment rights , with most of the funding going to infrastructure works which empower big business .
We are not in favour of promoting flexible working hours on the pretext of reconciling working and family life .
Mr President , Commissioner , the subject of women sentenced to death by stoning in Nigeria , which has outraged public opinion worldwide , was debated here in the House last September .
How can this happen in the 21st century and be ignored by the powers that be on the planet ?
What sanctions have we imposed on Nigeria , a country with which we have economic and commercial ties ?
The political leadership has done nothing whatsoever and the entire matter has been left to the loyalty of women 's organisations and the media ; in other words , to pressure from global public opinion .
Because on 25 March , Amina Lawal 's case will be heard before the Sharia court of appeal .
And yet this government is completely incapable of imposing the constitution and the law on the country .
That is what we are asking of you , Commissioner .
We have been working on a common basis , towards a common objective , as expressed on at least two different occasions , at the External Relations Council and later , at summit level : the objective of disarmament and full compliance with UN resolutions and , at the same time , the need to exhaust all diplomatic efforts before resorting to violence .
We organised an