Tax must , of course , be paid on a national basis , and there must be no EU tax .
We particularly welcome the increased protection against discrimination in the implementation of border controls , as well as the opportunities for third-country citizens who have been refused entry to a country to appeal against the decisions made .
Trade cooperation is partly about exchanges , conferences and executive training .
The June List supports the two UN resolutions on Darfur and Congo whereby those who impede the peace process , commit violations of humanitarian or of human rights law or violate the arms embargo shall be prevented from travelling within the territory of the Member States , with funds , financial assets and economic resources that can be linked to them also being frozen .
We have , however , chosen to support this report because Parliament’s position is closer to the rebuilding plan adopted by the Northwest Atlantic Fisheries Organisation ( NAFO ) than is the Commission ’s proposal .     .
We are not opposed on principle to joint research efforts at European level , but we object to the ESRP’s aim of contributing to an integrated European defence market .
An important reason why we have achieved this success in Parliament is that the rapporteur , Mr Trakatellis , was so tough and determined in the negotiations .
We then have an obligation to take action .
Obviously , the whole of our group will support the draft compromise with the Council of Ministers .     Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , we have learned that monopolies are inefficient .
We have also learned that a deregulated market demands quality controls both on the variety of producers needed to guarantee the electricity supply and to meet demand and on the network itself and the network’s structure .
It became very clear then that none of these quality controls had been fully implemented .
It is important to have an efficient European patent system .
Firstly , we should reject the whole of the proposal and call upon the Commission to come back with a comprehensive proposal for a Community patentthat covers all inventions .
On the basis of the majority of Mr Rocard’s proposals , we can perhaps bring about a constructive compromise for the benefit of small , large and private companies .     Mr President , today we can choose whether we want old-fashioned patent legislation with an old-fashioned view of large companies and of development or modern , small-scale and creative development involving modern legislation .
We should then obtain intelligent , balanced legislation in which creativity and sound patent legislation have their place .
Such a world would emphatically not be modern .     We are well disposed towards the European Parliament’s resolution on an information and communication strategy on the euro and Economic and Monetary Union ( EMU) .
Firstly , I believe that it is up to each Member State to decide how it wishes to conduct the debate on the euro .
Discussions of monetary policy and currency should instead take place through a dialogue between citizens and decision-makers .
Swedish participation in EMU and the introduction of the euro are not live issues for the foreseeable future .     I believe that Sweden should participate in Economic and Monetary Union and I share the rapporteur’s positive attitude to the euro .
That is not what we should be using taxpayers ’ money for .     I have today chosen to abstain from voting on Mr Maaten’s report on a communication strategy on the euro and Economic and Monetary Union .
That is not what we should be using taxpayers ’ money for .     The Moderate delegation has today voted in favour of a report in support of the fight against harmful child labour .
It is very important vigorously to combat child labour , as defined in the ILO’s conventions on child labour , that is damaging to children’s physical or mental health .
We Moderates believe , however , that this would lead to significant legal uncertainty .
That is why I have today voted in favour of a number of additional proposals that divide child labour into several categories , since child labour may , for example , be the only alternative to prostitution .     Today , the European Parliament has adopted a report that presents proposals concerning a variety of efforts to combat child labour .
Certain forms of work , for example those through which education is made available in the workplace , may , moreover , have a positive contribution to make .
Passing legislation and making it possible to take proceedings at EU level would , however , be very major steps that might , rather , be in danger of defeating the objects , namely those of improving the position of children and combating poverty .     Mr President , Commissioners , it seems to me that , logically enough , the proposal by Parliament that is beginning to take shape is more or less in line with the long-term draft budget we presented earlier .
That is why these objectives are more important than ever .
This is something for which the Member States , businesses and the two sides of industry must accept responsibility , but the EU can make a valuable contribution by increasing skills throughout our area .
The same is true of people with disabilities who , like people from countries outside Europe , are at present excluded from the labour market to an incredibly high degree .
It is important for the Social Fund to be able to operate to some extent in conjunction with other funds at local and regional levels .
We cannot , however , rely on the internal economic market alone being able to bridge the gulfs , and that