women have the joy of giving , though not without the intervention of a man ; this is a fact that we must unfortunately point out , since the affirmation of women 's rights can lead to the rights - and duties - of fathers being overlooked .
Finally , we must take account of the fact that unemployment , which is more frequent amongst women , job insecurity and poor social security cover have repercussions on women 's health .
Finally , the rapporteur calls for a working party to be set up between Parliament and the Commission to promote the objective of equality in all spheres of activity of the institutions .
This is the cynical part of the Left 's feminist rhetoric as it uses gender to classify discriminations which are actually social .
The fate of the poorest , of those at the bottom of the wage , income and asset scales , still depends on the goodwill of those at the top of the tree .
For example , there is a magnetic field of a few micro tesla in a vertical line from a high-voltage power line of 380 000 volts .
A Commissioner said that the best way to validate a product is to place it on the market .
It is true that all progress involves risk .
The vote on paragraph 11 restricting the legalisation of abortion marks a real backward step when compared with many national laws .
Europe represents the law and the superiority of European law , yet we are yielding to the law of Geneva .
Either we have a system of own resources with unanimous agreement and ratification by the national parliaments or we forget this and work within Article 43 , in which case this would be highly illegal .
One speaker per group , Mr President .
This is due primarily to the special status of agricultural expenditure which , because of its effect on the economy and its support of the markets , cannot be lumped together with all the non-compulsory expenditure and cannot be subject to the will of this House .
It is now intended to alter this system under pressure due to enlargement to the East and pressure from Germany .
The areas covered by the unit include food and animal feed , cosmetics , food packaging and childcare products and toys .
I can confirm to the honorable Member my interest in the problem of food safety .
Rail transport is subject to competition , competition from road transport which benefits from its small-scale use of infrastructure and the extremely low level of social conditions it needs to provide .
As regards freight transport , we began setting up freight corridors between France and its neighbouring countries at the end of 1997 at the initiative of the Commission ; these have allowed the capacities required for long-distance rail links to be requested for freight .
We have become somewhat concerned over recent weeks , the difficulties seeming more serious than expected .
We are also again discussing net contributors , positive and negative balances , British cheques , and so on .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , when Jacques Santer and the European Commission presented Agenda 2000 in July 1997 with a view to preparing for enlargement towards Eastern Europe , they did not think that they would be jeopardising Europe 's cohesion , and the Franco-German axis in particular .
In 1918 , France said that Germany would pay .
You can say , for example , that farmers ' incomes have increased since the CAP reform of 1992 .
The European Union must therefore make a strong political choice .
The Commission directives , to which these reports refer , contain no more than technical provisions and do not recommend this solution .
The North Sea has a highly productive system in comparison to the Atlantic .
A good example of this is the independent port of Le Havre .
We must encourage maritime investment , either through direct aid or fiscal measures .
We cannot accept this under the present circumstances .
Although I accept that certain services cannot be run by the public sector alone , I believe that in the case of rail transport , only the public sector can absorb the costs of this operation which directly affects large numbers of people , falls within the scope of town and country planning and has many consequences for the environment .
But ideology - I would not go so far as to say dogmatism or excess - must not result in a total disruption of the rail sector .
In the absence of such a framework , liberalisation is dangerous even if it is gradual .
Apart from the clauses on human rights and democracy , every option must be envisaged in a flexible frame of mind in order to genuinely relaunch the Barcelona process .
Firstly , Europe is currently obsessed with its enlargement towards the East and Agenda 2000 .
The Union 's foreign policy in this particularly troubled region of the globe must no longer be limited to simply being the principal donor of economic and financial aid in the form of the vast sums made available to the Palestinian population .
I do not accept the way in which the report tries to organise pressure on the Palestinians to postpone their declaration of independence on 4 May 1999 .
I would nevertheless like to ask the President-in-Office how she can be sure of the assurances and guarantees given by Turkey .
There is an ever-increasing role for the EU here .
Whilst by using MOX fuel nuclear waste can be eliminated in part , we still need to be making preparations for the long term now , and - at the same time - to initiate a study to evaluate the technology involved in hybrid reactors , such as the reactor recently proposed by Carlo Rubia .
