When we look at roadworks , we tend to see large machinery with very few workers actually in evidence , but that road may be a lifeline for the region .
I would therefore like to know what technical measures have been taken in the new buildings in Brussels and Strasbourg .
To enable safety advisers to be employed with effect from 1 January 2000 in all European companies involved in the transport or loading of dangerous goods , the current Directive needs to be transposed into national law by the end of 1999 .
I must state expressly that for the PPE Group as well as for myself , as rapporteur , it is absolutely essential that markets are opened up and that we achieve liberalisation in this area too .
Sometimes we get tired of playing this game .
Instead , research results have been manipulated or , more precisely , research methods altered so that the Commission does not need to take action .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , there is no doubt that Mrs Jensen deserves credit for tackling an important issue and making good proposals to take it forward .
In my opinion , the Commission should develop a research strategy which helps to clear up uncertainties in the area of endocrine disruption .
Madam President , this proposal for a directive relates to Austria and Germany 's derogation from the duty-free arrangements .
Events surrounding the arrest of the former President of Chile , General Pinochet , show how fragile democracy still is in Latin America .
I should also like to state quite clearly , that the guillotine clause is unlawful and incompatible with the Treaty .
This is , as it were , multicentric cooperation , involving real people from the economy and society .
That is why , should the Commission present a letter of amendment this year , it must also be possible - this procedure provides for it - for increased demand to appear in the Commission 's modifications ; both reduced and increased demand are possible .
We support the Ombudsman 's requests , and regard them as objectively justified .
All the legal reservations which the Commission has hitherto used in its efforts to circumvent Parliament 's right to be fully informed have now disappeared .
Thanks to the work done in cooperation with Mr Viola and Mrs Dührkop Dührkop , there is now a joint proposal from all the groups to set up a pension fund for all pension entitlements arising after 1 January 1999 .
As Mr Wynn has already said , the number of Social Democrat governments has increased , which is why we have received more concerned telephone calls .
We have a retrogressive spending policy ; today 's spending is at 1988 levels .
We are , after all , playing with sums of up to ECU 200 million ; the budget is either 200 m more or 200 m less , and that has a significant impact , both on Category 3 expenditure and on general spending trends within Category 3 .
Ladies and gentlemen , I can understand it : those who listened to this House in the past and are now in the Court of Justice or the Court of Auditors , have certain interests .
I should therefore like to draw your attention to a few special features of this budget .
The Commission has reacted .
Our experience with this procedure has been good .
Otherwise , the money will stay in the reserve until the second reading .
Mr Liikanen , I hope that you will keep to this path .
There it has succeeded .
Mr President , in making my comments , I should like to focus on Category 4 , external actions .
That is why I am also against cofinancing being provided here , for areas which have little or nothing to do with development policy .
If we do not want to allow the concepts of transparency and closeness to the citizen to become merely empty cliches , we must show by means of concrete examples that we take the wishes of our citizens into account and that we take them seriously .
I hope that we can gain wide approval for this amendment tomorrow .
However , I would be pleased to give you more detailed information , though I do not want to do so before the House .
We have not learned to include sensitive issues , such as culture , the environment and agricultural policy , in international negotiations , with the result that we always discuss them in a negative sense only .
I must also explain that we have stated clearly that the WTO negotiations need to be concluded soon .
Developing countries would be overlooked once again , with disastrous consequences for them .
This is a system that is bound to go wrong , and is already doing so to a degree , and one that leads to mass unemployment and widespread poverty in favour of a small number of people .
The current negotiations on the MAI have led to an increase in the information needs of the general public .
This is a project for the whole of Europe , and that is really the crucial difference .
The result is that today 50 % of all nitrogen oxide and particulate emissions in Europe are from lorries and buses , and not from the far more numerous passenger cars .
So a reduction in consumption is added to the effects of exhaust after treatment .
I think that those guilty of procrastination come from both institutions .
We would still have time to include the results of the Auto-Oil II Programme , we would have more data , and above all , we would have better international coordination by then .
Now we are making progress , and I think that perhaps