As it expands , the Union thus needs to be internally differentiated .     .
This is an addition to the historic upheaval which started with the collapse of the Berlin Wall more than 15 years ago .
My opinion is that the Commission and the European Parliament , as well as the Presidency , with reference to Mr Alexander’s important speech , should consider Bulgaria’s and Romania’s preparations for membership very much in the same way and putting emphasis on the same things .
It is essential for the legal protection of the citizens of Bulgaria and Romania , it is essential from the point of view of economic dynamics and foreign investment , and it is also essential for the implementation of EU legislation in these countries .
The coming months will be decisive for both countries .
What is crucial now is not any charm offensive in the capitals of the EU countries , but purposeful , practical action to carry through reforms in the legal system and in administration , and very determined action to combat corruption and crime .
We will be completely objective in our assessment of how prepared these countries are in the light of hard facts .
The Commission will support the reforms in Bulgaria and Romania , follow developments and in due course present Parliament and the Council with an assessment of this progress .
I would suggest that we return to the matter during the spring , when we will have a more accurate idea of how Bulgaria and Romania have progressed in their efforts to achieve eligibility for membership at the beginning of 2007 .     .
As now these are particularly urgent matters , we Social Democrats wanted just to focus on this issue covered in the statement .
We fully agree with Russia’s human rights ombudsman Vladimir Lukin that the draft law goes against Russia’s own constitution .
The freedom of NGOs to operate is an essential part of democracy and stable civil society , which the Russian leadership had said it supports .
As a member of the Council of Europe , Russia has committed itself to the Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms , and , for example , its plans to restrict freedom of association conflicts with that totally .
It can show that changes can be made .
Sadly , the clock in Russia is now being turned back nearly to Soviet times .
Regarding NGOs , what happens to them is another link in this far too long chain of sad events in Russia .
It concerns us all .
Old habits die very hard in the Soviet Union , but we have to help Russia to come back towards democracy and universal values .
We also cannot work with a partner who does not adhere to international rules .
We cannot have a good Christmas , we cannot have a good conscience , if we do not see what is happening to our near neighbour .     .
I wish to raise three issues on behalf of myself and my group .
A lot of pressure needs to be applied .
Commissioner Frattini referred to Article 13 of the Treaty and Article 21 of the Charter of Fundamental Rights , and I agree with that ; but the key here is to get the Member States to abide by them .
The second issue concerns the two problems we are facing in fighting homophobia .
The second problem is a worrying development in many Member States – I do not want to pinpoint any one in particular .
My final point – which goes slightly beyond the scope of this matter – is that we must remember that there are still 75 countries that consider homosexuality to be illegal and 9 countries which impose the death penalty for it .
Researchers are extremely worried about the rate at which climate change is progressing ; they are worried about what sort of world their children , our children , will be living in .
They say that the human race has 10 years at most to bring emissions right down : or , as Chris Davies said , perhaps it is already too late .
We all know that the United States of America is the troublemaker where protection of the climate is concerned .
Now we need to pull our socks up .
Businesses also need one .
The Commission ’s proposal makes little sense .
The rapporteur , Mr Jarzembowski , has certainly done an excellent job and tabled some relevant amendments , but it has to be said that even he cannot accomplish miracles .
Europe does not need more poor administration : instead , Europe and we need to ensure the quality of the work done at ports , the safety of employees and their rights and see to it that ports operate flexibly .
I hope that the Commission will also apply the principles which it articulates to the directive on port services and everything it does .
This does not represent a conflict between labour and capital because port owners , users and workers in different European countries regard the proposal as harmful , and not of any use .
For example , the authorisation system will increase bureaucracy .
An ILO Convention guarantees to give registered professional port workers priority for this kind of work , and in Finland this is reinforced in a collective bargaining agreement .
I support the view of the rapporteur concerning the necessity of developing a common external aviation policy for the EU.
Most importantly , the normal functioning of air traffic should be assured without useless confrontation while we are negotiating .
Sad but true , it seems that Russia will always somehow utilise its airspace for strategic purposes .
Unfortunately , a major part of that sum ends up in the accounts of Russian airline Aeroflot