I have just come from the distribution service , where they still do not have the joint motion .
But let me move on - I have had to guess at what the motion will contain .
When we delivered our opinion on the Customs Union with Turkey , I was one of those who voted against .
I did not believe that a customs union would begin a process of democracy and respect for human rights in Turkey , and time has unfortunately proved that I was correct .
This may help the Turkish Government to realize that the situation with the Kurdish minority in eastern Turkey cannot be resolved militarily .
Most recently , the events on Cyprus are a further appalling example of the Turkish regime 's lack of respect for the UN and its resolutions .
We must at long last set an example , otherwise no one will take our fine words on democracy and respect for human rights seriously .
Mr President , when we voted on the Customs Union with Turkey at the turn of the year , a good many people were in doubt as regards the right thing to do , but the wish to cooperate and to engage in a dialogue with Turkey won the day - not least because we could already see reforms as a result of earlier pressure from the European Parliament , and the prospect of more was held out to us .
Since then , however , there have been steps backwards which we cannot ignore .
Legal action has just been taken against staff at a rehabilitation centre for torture victims , because they would not supply the names of these victims to the authorities .
Mr Blak and I were present in Ankara at the trial of a Danish citizen of Kurdish origin , Kemal Koc , who was imprisoned for something he did in Denmark which is legal there and which the Danish authorities do not wish to investigate .
There is concern at the role the Turkish ambassador in Denmark has played in this and many other cases .
We therefore do not wish to release the funds which have been allocated to Turkey under the Customs Union , ECU 375 million over five years , or to use funds from the MEDA programme in favour of Turkey , not because there is no need to support a large number of people in Turkey , but because the Turkish Government itself is spending billions to wage war against people on its own territory , and we have to draw attention to this state of affairs .
Mr President , once again the European Parliament has put forward a series of initiatives on how we can protect the financial interests of the Union .
At the same time , however , we are seeing no progress at all being made by the Council .
The fact is that the Member States simply do not have the necessary will to surrender their sovereignty in order to tackle the problem .
A good example of the lack of will to solve the problems on the part of the Member States is the failure to ratify the Convention on the protection of the Communities ' financial interests .
I think this is embarrassing for the EU and that , in a sense , it reveals the paralysis of the Member States .
There is no final deadline by which the Convention has to be ratified , there are no sanctions , there is no scope for bringing pressure to bear on Member States if they choose not to ratify , and consequently there is no real substance and no real progress in the Convention .
Not even my own country , Denmark , has ratified it .
I regard it as hypocritical when , at one meeting after another , the minister responsible reiterates and insists that more efforts should be made , but at the same time is unwilling to implement the necessary legislation .
Finally , I would also appeal to our colleagues in the national parliaments , since they apparently have little interest in the matter either , or they would be pressing their governments and raising a debate in the national parliaments on why the Member States are so perverse when it comes to taking the necessary decisions .
Mr President , before I became a Member of Parliament , I was an avid reader of detective novels , and I like to watch crime series and films on television .
I would accuse Europe 's governments of complicity in fraud , to the extent that they know how much fraud is taking place , but choose to look the other way .
Fraud does not stop at national barriers .
If international fraud can be tackled just by us giving up a little sovereignty , then I am all in favour of it .
And that in spite of Denmark 's reservations .
Last week , my Danish colleague Kirsten Jensen described Denmark 's reservations as political necessities , but said they could restrict EU cooperation , and she was right .
In ten years of non-socialist government in Denmark , not the slightest thing was done .
A number of other EU heads of state could learn something from that .
Crime does not stop at national borders .
To be able to combat crime , we must cooperate in an international way , from government level to that of the inspectors .
That is something our citizens can understand .
Mr President , the President of the Commission , Jacques Santer , has often declared himself in agreement with us in the Europe of Nations Group that the scale of legislation should be limited .
Mr Santer wishes to present himself as a strong supporter of subsidiarity .
I do not doubt the good will of the