risks with exposure of more than 0.8 m/s2 .
It therefore makes more sense to set a limit value in which the protection of employees will , in actual fact , be something real .
All that is proposed is a return to the level proposed by the Commission itself at first reading , and there is no new knowledge to justify choosing another limit value .
That is simply not the case , however .
That is something that science is agreed about .
However , that is how it will always be when it is a question of people and their working environment .
Amendment No 5 proposes shorter transitional periods than those proposed in the common position .
With the common position , however , we should arrive at transitional periods of up to 12 years , and it makes almost no sense to legislate for such long periods .
Finally , on behalf of my own Group of the Party of European Socialists and of the Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party , I have tabled an amendment that makes it possible to exempt agriculture and forestry from the limit values for whole-body vibrations .
We have arrived at a compromise whereby agriculture and forestry , like aviation and shipping , are given the opportunity to be exempt from these limit values for whole-body vibrations .
Allow me to emphasise two things in this connection .
It has been maintained that farmers would only be able to work for two hours a day .
I believe in actual fact that , in preparing the assessments , it has been forgotten that the directive only applies to employees and not to people who are self-employed .
It simply means choosing another method , and it is worth emphasising that the action values must go on being maintained .
I also hope that we shall obtain wide support for the proposals here in the House .
- ( DA ) The Danish Social Democrats have today voted in favour of appointing nine new members of the Court of Auditors .
All nine candidates are well qualified to become excellent members of the Court of Auditors .
The Court of Auditors plays a very important role in relation to supervising the Community ' s funds .
We are pleased about the role played by the ECSC as a pioneer in the European integration process and about the way in which the ECSC has made a positive contribution to peace in Europe .
At present , the coal and steel sector employs 357 000 workers and , as we enlarge the EU by means of the candidate countries , enlargement will mean that coal production in the EU will be doubled and that steel production will be increased by a third .
The Committee has approved the Commission ' s draft operating budget of EUR 151.8 million in 2002 , and it is of course on 23 July 2002 that the ECSC Treaty expires .
Mr President , the Commission is now to be granted discharge for 1999 , but Parliament has , in actual fact , achieved a lot by postponing the discharge first time around .
The Commission has been pressed to take initiatives it would not otherwise have wished to take .
I would therefore recommend , on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists , that we grant discharge for the development fund .
The Commission has carried out a major investigation of the counterpart funds and of the roles and responsibilities of the delegations .
I can , of course , ask Mr Nielson if the Commission will confirm that disciplinary enquiries will not be carried out on the basis of its investigations .
The internal audit service has done good work from the start with its investigations of the counterpart funds .
The counterpart funds amount to direct budgetary support , and neither the Commission nor the delegations in the beneficiary countries have any direct control over the money .
Mr Nielson has said that that form of subsidy should nonetheless be maintained .
How , though , does he think that control over the funds can be improved ?
The Commission must also be praised for sending this report to Parliament immediately .
Discharge was postponed primarily because there were problems with the supply of information .
I think , however , that it is a good result we have achieved , and I therefore recommend discharge for the Commission .
Madam President , Prime Minister and President of the Commission , at the Ghent Summit we saw the trinity , or 'dictorium ' , of the big three countries make an appearance .
Cooperation between the big three is engaged in on an intergovernmental basis , behind closed doors and without democratic control .
For the small countries , intergovernmental cooperation between the big countries may come across as supranational dictates .
European integration is now modelled on the way in which private holding companies operate .
A minority of the largest shareholders is able to make decisions on behalf of the majority .
Cooperation can thus be intergovernmental and supranational at one and the same time and combine the defects of these arrangements with the maximum lack of openness , democracy and proximity to the people .
Summits must be opened up to elected representatives so that representatives of the national parliaments are able to exercise democratic control by being present there .
Mr Verhofstadt is still a young prime minister from a country that has traditionally opposed the big countries ' dictatorial way of thinking .
Invite elected representatives to the next summit in Laeken .
Let the next treaty be formulated through the input of grassroots contributions instead of its coming like a thief in the night to limit our democracy .
Promise , above all , that the next treaty will be subject to referendums in all the countries