of energy - though not to the same extent as hydraulic energy , for example , or other renewable forms such as wind energy - and we need the Commission to provide a stimulus .
The electricity companies already get high efficiency from gas using combined cycles , which is the second part of cogeneration , but we should make use of gas and these techniques to desalinate seawater .
Mr President , the current context for employment policy debates is obviously not the same as in previous years .
Being able to guarantee jobs depends on qualifications and training , and also on educational establishments awarding professional qualifications which meet the demands of the labour market .
Unemployment and under-employment lead to exclusion , poverty and despair .
Albania , Kosovo and Algeria , as well as the latest Iraq crisis , are examples of what the public is understandably so dissatisfied about .
There are obvious priorities .
Nevertheless , in foreign policy we always bring up differences and problems .
As for the United States , there was an example today of the sort of things that happen .
I think there is still time , not by changing the Treaty of Amsterdam but by trying to improve our relations .
That way we would be a bit cosier .
And because there were no demands , it was born with a very highly regulated organization .
But we want an institution which can rise to the occasion , so it also has to be on a par with the other institutions , which means it has to have the necessary staff and means .
Furthermore , it is the only one of the 25 most important EU agricultural products not to be regulated by the Union itself .
We also thought it would be a good thing , when it comes to implementing the grants financially , to take account of the various aspects and different characteristics which come into play in each of the countries where the research groups are based , and to treat them all in the same way for that purpose , so as not to cause resentment .
Similarly , we think all the current resources of the information society should be used , especially for SMEs , universities and research centres .
I shall limit myself to saying that I think the Arias Cañete report is positive , as regards its subject , that is , the funds for 1996 .
As Mr Viola said , I think this report is about implementing the provisions of the Treaty of Amsterdam in relation to island status .
However , it is accompanied by several amendments which I think make up the political substance we have to clarify in this debate .
If the reform of the Funds is implemented as it is , that division will be ensured .
The island regions of Europe are different but have problems in common , particularly with regard to the transport of people and goods .
We need to develop alternative forms of tourism , and there must be plenty of training to allow us to be competitive .
Mr President , I want to draw people 's attention to something happening here today which they might find surprising .
I am thinking of the achievements relating to the single market or the free movement of persons , as well as some of the most attractive projects , such as the trans-European networks .
These are the ultra-peripheral regions , which are already recognized , even in the new text of the Treaty of Amsterdam , in Article 299( 2 ) of the modified text .
I think Mr Viola 's proposals are fairly positive in general .
In the words of the Treaty , while Member States have a per capita GNP which is lower than 90 % of the Community average , we will need that Fund .
We have also been talking about the number of inhabitants as a criterion , Madam Commissioner .
The system of unanimity in the Council is unanimously recognized as causing paralysis in the decision making process .
So , Mr President , we are going to support Mr Pimenta 's report .
Secondly , by means of financial compensation to these countries , we contribute to their actual economic development .
As if the agreements with Argentina , Morocco or Mauritania were not enough to show how Community fishing activities have contributed to the development of this sector in third countries , the new protocol with Guinea clearly shows the benefits a coastal country can gain from a fishing agreement with the Community .
Therefore , like the rest of my group , I shall be supporting Mr Girão Pereira 's report .
That is not happening with cereals , milk or meat , but it is happening in the case of olive oil .
On the tobacco question , having listened to the honourable Members , this is opening up the debate again between the people who are wrongly labelled as environmentalists or agri-environmentalists .
Mr President , the COM in tobacco should be treated using the same general criteria as govern the rest of CAP production .
Reduced tobacco production in Europe does not result in less consumption , by any means .
Mr President , this is the third proposed modification to the COM in raw tobacco in a very short time .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I rise to justify the position of the Committee on Budgetary Control on the reform of the raw tobacco sector described in the Rosado Fernandes report .
We are just saying that at the moment it seems premature .
In that way , we think EAGGF and the agricultural policy should really form a fund which is part of cohesion policy and not , as people have started saying , an anti-structural fund