doing little to conceal fears of failure of the Intergovernmental Conference , whose minimalistic objectives now amount to no more than the introduction of the single currency .
Too late , perhaps .
You have reversed their order , and we ask that the Tongue , Herman and Barzanti reports should precede the others because they were debated before the others .
It would be absurd to do away with this educational opportunity and to forget that these animals were for a very long time persecuted because of the negative image they had among the public .
In the wake of the recent unilateral attack perpetrated by the US air force and navy against Iraq , this action poses a new and grave threat to world peace .
I have no hesitation in saying that I shall be voting in favour of the joint motion for a resolution which is before us and its provisions for freezing financial aid .
This is a question of political necessity and , I say in all sincerity , it is also a question of the dignity of the European Union .
A fortnight later , the Islamic party won the legislative elections .
The situation has deteriorated constantly since the customs union came into force .
It must remain so , and we must do everything we can to ensure that it remains so .
As I see it today , Mr President , and I am coming to the end , this is the one and only way still open to us to force Turkey to honour its commitment .
We might have been able to work to improve methods of searching , exchanging information , witness and victim protection .
Is it widely known that the Spartacus network , some of whose leaders have been convicted , is pursuing its activities because they are primarily geared to making profits ?
In our joint motion for a resolution we mentioned ways of fighting this problem .
Mr President , the fight against the scourge of paedophilia and the sexual exploitation of children must be carried on at all levels - local , national , European and international .
Mr President , I would like to thank Mrs Gradin for her communication , but I really must stress that what we are asking for is not just studies but , obviously , action .
What the Dutroux case shows is that there is a form of organized crime targeting children and young people : Dutroux is not alone , and there are many like him , unknown to us as yet , who are also not acting alone .
Mr President , the Dutroux case has not only brought to light the existence of an international paedophile ring and revealed complicity between certain political and legal circles in Belgium and the criminals .
There is paedophilia which is ugly and is condemned ; and there is also said to be a tolerable , aesthetic , philosophical form of it , not to mention the admirers of Gilles de Rais and de Sade , of whom there are still too many among the intelligentsia .
Whether we are talking about tobacco , alcoholic beverages or mineral oils , I would remind you that excise duty is governed by three principles : structure , rates and circulation .
The area under cereal , oil and protein plants in the European Union and some Member States , including France , is in danger of being extensively exceeded .
Mr President , on behalf of those who have lived through the excise duty saga in this Parliament , let me say that we are finally reaching a happy ending .
Look at the Basque Country .
Was n't there a gentleman by the name of Andriessen who , in 1992 , signed a secret agreement at Blair house arranging for the abolition of the microscopic checks at frontiers which showed up the American fraud with the cereal substitute products ?
Well , you might as well do the job properly and move the European Commission to Palermo!
Secondly , we must perhaps take a less black-and-white view in judging the protagonists , and at all events encourage those who are trying faithfully to implement the Dayton Agreements .
The Council must accept its responsibilities to the citizens of the Union , who expect Europe to provide genuine answers to genuine problems .
It should be said , in the meantime , that Islam had advanced and the USSR had disintegrated , restoring Turkey 's dreams of a dominant position in that region .
I want to believe it , and I feel certain that only a firm attitude can still succeed in achieving it .
We should deplore it because this unspeakable phenomenon is nothing new , and because in the past the law of silence has prevailed .
We must have the courage to strike at all those who live off this trade , from the streets of South-East Asia to Europe 's capital cities .
Our second reaction , an important one , might be or should be to tighten the embargo , especially as regards all strategic products .
Madam President , this motion for a resolution is particularly important , and I believe that the government of Romania considers it as such , and regards it as opportune too .
No concessions , either , to the Le Pens and other Mégrets who speak in tones of hatred and often blame immigrants for all our ills .
They need to be treated with restraint and humanity , and fortunately that is what happened in France .
Madam President , first of all I would like to point out to Mr Nordmann that the idea is not just to signify our agreement to the compromise , publish it , make sure everyone reads it and leave it at that .
