Mr President , in a special way , the theme for this week is Africa , a continent neglected all too long by all of us , including , to some extent , those of us who sit in this House .
We have to support decentralised projects in agriculture and in irrigation , thereby preventing it from being only those at the centre and the bureaucrats who benefit , but , on the contrary , enabling a new community to come into being , from the bottom up , on the strategically vital Horn of Africa .     Mr President , the Saïfi Report was on the voting list for this evening rather than for midday .
This latter consideration , though , makes it seem to me all the more objectionable that the government is attempting , by way of a change in the law , to remove from office the presidents of the two houses of the parliament and those of the various regional parliaments , even though the current legislative period is not yet over .
Last year , measures were introduced in the individual locations ; do you have as yet any initial findings relating to them ?
It is high time that we really did look further ahead .     Mr President , although we have already , today , expressed our solidarity with the victims of this environmental disaster , it is at least as important that we should continue to make solidarity with the persons affected within the European Union our concern even after the television cameras have been switched off .
I would like to appeal to the Commission to make extensive use of the Solidarity Fund .
Likewise , there is no doubt that the greater frequency is closely connected with global warming , but the way to address this is through continual research promoted by European programmes , particularly in exploring the possibilities of prevention .
This directive on the management of waste from the extractive industries is a piece of legislation that does not exactly evoke much interest on the part of most of the European public – at any rate , not from those who live in my own country – but that has done nothing to save us from energetic lobbying on the part of interested parties – on the one hand , the unions , the industry and its associations and , on the other , the various environmental and consumer groups .
I therefore believe that Amendments 11 , 13 and 47 should be rejected and that we should come up with alternative proposals for provisions relating to non-hazardous and inert waste , with separate consideration for these concepts .
The result of this has been major misgivings on the part of the passengers and the European public as regards the quality of airlines .
It has to be said that the Commission presented us with the regulation under discussion even before the accidents .
The result of that has been a very solid vote in the Committee on Industry , Research and Energy , with no votes against the report .
I will look more respectable tomorrow .     .
I am sure that I do not need to point out to the House that this directive is solely concerned with prevention and with protective measures in the workplace and with improving precautions against skin cancers – not least as an occupational illness .
It is irrelevant – and cannot be anything else – to say that we are going to protect workers in the same way right across Europe when we are well aware that the climate zones in our countries differ enormously .
They bear no relation to the European Union’s efforts at deregulation .
The amendment tabled by Mr Ferber and Mr Nassauer , with its aim of rejecting the Common Position as a whole , now marks the climax of this campaign , and it is truly a sad sight .
Requiring employers and health and safety officers to provide information on extreme weather conditions when these occur is surely not to demand disproportionate expenditure on their part , and is something that should be taken seriously .
This may have passed her by during the summer recess , but , in any case , the President of the German Council of Cities , who is also at the same time the Lord Mayor of Munich , and , as she will be aware , a member of the SPD , has held up the sunshine directive to ridicule .
For a start , we want to make the individual target areas more visible , which means that the programme committee needs to have five sub-committees , and also needs to organise for each target area an annual exchange of views on the way in which the programme is put into effect , enabling each of these committees to join with the specialist committees in this House in debating it .
Although PROGRESS puts women back on the social agenda , pigeonholing them under ‘social issues’ , the solution to the equality problem is political in nature .
As we are all aware , people not only have a television at home , but are also , and increasingly , able to receive programmes over the Internet or via their computers and mobile phones .
Annex 6 , part C of this Regulation includes a derogation for raw materials for the production of conventional gelatine , as non-organically produced agricultural products may , up to a certain percentage , be included in the manufacture of organic products .
In the preliminary draft budget , the Commission really has made only the absolute minimum necessary available in terms of funding for structural policy .
In their speeches on television and in public , all the members