the fight against international money laundering and organised crime .
Crime is one of the greatest concerns of our constituents and many strongly support criminals being put under lock and key .
We must be tough on crime and tough on the causes of crime so that from Manchester to Madrid , our citizens are safe and are afforded full protection from criminals throughout Europe .
Money laundering feeds the trade in drug-trafficking .
Existing EU law is clearly not enough to stem the tide of the reported USD 590 billion which is laundered world-wide every year .
We welcome the French Presidency 's initiative aimed at improving cooperation between national authorities responsible for tackling money laundering and laying down uniform penalties .
All Member States should treat money laundering as a criminal offence carrying a minimum sentence of four years ' imprisonment .
Further measures are being voted on by the European Parliament this week in our efforts to crack down on international crime .
We are looking to extend the remit of Europol - the European Police Cooperation Unit - to cover serious international crime .
We also want to remove legal barriers which prevent the extradition of suspected criminals accused of money laundering or other related offences involving illicit funds .
This will be an important tool in allowing criminals to be tried across Europe .
These reports are crucial if the single market is not to become a free market for criminals .
The last thing we want is that the single market allows criminals to enter the single market unseen by the back door .
These measures drafted by Socialist MEPs are an important step in combating international crime and I urge the House to support these reports .
Karamanou Report ( A5-0312/2000 )
.
Although we will support the report , we , as British Conservatives , have particular reservations regarding certain aspects of the report , as follows : extension of QMV - in respect of Europol the Council will act by a two-thirds majority in accordance with Article VI of the Treaty ( Article 1 ( 1b ) - Amendment No 3 ) ; centralising Europol 's powers - the Court of Justice will have jurisdiction to rule on any dispute or conflict between Member States regarding the interpretation or application of the Convention ( Article 1 ( 1d ) - Amendment No 5 ) .
.
While welcoming closer cooperation between the Member States ' police forces both amongst themselves and through Europol , I share the rapporteur ' s concerns about the lack of democratic accountability of Europol .
As money laundering assumes vast proportions throughout the world it is clear that Europol should have the powers to combat it , with a view to devising a European strategy for police and judicial cooperation .
However , it is vital that national parliaments and the European Parliament have access to information on Europol 's activities in order to ensure political accountability and that there is a role for the European Court to ensure judicial accountability .
Roure Report ( A5-0314/2000 )
.
I welcome Mrs Roure ' s report on another initiative from the French Presidency - this time to step up cooperation in the legal area to ensure that no barriers are put in place to prevent the extradition of suspected criminals accused of money laundering or other related offences involving illicit funds .
The draft convention proposes that banking secrecy may not be used as a reason to refuse a request from another Member State for information on somebody suspected of being involved in financial crime .
In addition , the idea is that , on request , Member States should furnish details of all bank accounts held by suspects .
The aim of the new convention is to oblige the Member States actively to pursue suspicious transactions .
Gebhardt Report ( A5-0317/2000 )
Mr Morillon has written a good report stressing that neither religious objections nor geo-strategic considerations are the decisive factors for Turkey 's accession .
The challenge for Turkey in fulfilling the Copenhagen criteria is to reform not only the constitution but also its political and intellectual inspiration .
In Western Europe ideas of pluralism and differentiated identities within the same State have led to recognition of cultural , linguistic and political rights and devolution .
Turkey needs to adopt these modern European notions of diversity and the right to be different .
The Kemalist ideology that was modern in 1930 is not so in 2000 .
Hence my amendments on the need for a political solution for the Kurdish people .
It is unacceptable that the Commission omitted any mention of the Kurds from the accession partnership document , though they have been referred to in successive regular reports and Mr Verheugen mentioned them this morning .
I hope Parliament and the Council will remedy that omission .
It does not help Turkey or the European Union to fight shy of this issue , the biggest single cause of Turkey 's poor human rights record .
Until there is a solution for the Kurds there will be no fulfilment of the Copenhagen criteria and I therefore call upon Parliament to pass my amendments , and on the Council and Parliament to insist that a solution for the Kurds is a key to unlocking the problems of Turkey fulfilling the Copenhagen criteria .
Mr President , there is much in this resolution on Turkey 's progress towards accession which is commendable - in particular the call to the Commission to implement a properly resourced pre-accession strategy .
But where is the real welcome for the Helsinki decision to accord Turkey candidate status ?
Where is the recognition in the resolution of the remarkable efforts , and I quote here from the explanatory statement that accompanied the resolution , 'the remarkable efforts that Turkey is making to adapt its structures to EU requirements '