in that area exactly what they are doing .
This is something that they prefer to avoid doing .
The principle also concerns water charging .
The basic understanding which many of us now share is that we need to introduce environmental taxation to encourage conservation , to use the carrot-and-stick approach to make best use of our assets so that we do not add to the pollution or loss of a valuable resource like water .
I want to refer to the political position here .
The common position has weakened the stand taken by Parliament at first reading .
Some of the NGOs would say that the directive as now framed is worse than useless .
It is a retrograde step .
This is an opportunity for us to improve the situation .
We need to get ourselves into a position of conciliation .
We have seen vote after vote lost .
Measure after measure has come out of the Environment Committee .
We have failed to achieve a qualified majority .
Our attempt to improve the environment of Europe has failed .
We need to get into that conciliation position .
We need , at the end of the day , to ensure that we end up with a sensible , balanced policy of real improvements at a reasonable cost .
Commissioner Barnier , you laid great stress in your statement on the importance of dialogue with the citizens of Europe .
With reference to the IGC , as you know , under the Helsinki decisions the Portuguese Presidency was given the specific entitlement to add to the agenda of the IGC during the course of the IGC.
Clearly , Parliament has its own representatives present , Mr Brok and Mr Tsatsos .
But would you , Commissioner , also be in a position to give an undertaking that if and when the agenda is enlarged by the Council you would report this to Parliament so that we could discuss it amongst ourselves and indeed with you , with the intention of continuing that dialogue with the citizens on which you have laid such stress ?
Mr President , I welcome Mr Barnier ' s commitment to go to the regions , both to explain and to listen to what citizens have to say .
I would like to invite him to my own region of Yorkshire , a major European region that is a full participant in the single European market and a major recipient of European structural funding .
He can come with both the hats that he wears as a Commissioner .
I would like to ask him how vigorous the Commission will be in this information campaign ?
In some Member States it is not just a matter of providing information to a public that is not as well informed as it might be .
That is certainly important but it is also a question of combating the misinformation that is put around by a very active anti-European movement and anti-European organisations that exist .
The Commission will have to be very vigorous in the responses that it puts out to some of the comments that it will be receiving as part of the campaign .
I have a related point .
It concerns the implications of the dam on access to fresh water in the region as a whole .
As you know , the dam will limit the supply of fresh water to Syria and to Iraq in particular .
Given the extreme volatility of this region and given the very real concerns of many commentators that we will see an increased incidence of conflict , of so-called "water wars " , in the coming decades , what is the Commission 's view about the potential destabilisation , both in Turkey and in the wider region , that will be caused by this dam ?
Can you say whether you will indeed raise this point as well ?
Mr President , I have had the privilege of hearing the Commissioner a number of times on this issue and I very much agree with his approach .
However , I should like to ask a slightly different question .
We have just heard Commissioner Barnier say that he is anxious to communicate better with the people and to aim the information policy of the Commission towards the major issues that the Community is dealing with this year .
Would the Commissioner argue for some of the information budget of the Commission to be put towards informing and consulting the citizens on this issue of a Citizens Charter ?
It is very important that the people feel engaged in this process .
I know that the Convention itself will do much in this area but it does not have the resources that the Commission has .
Will the Commission look at using its information budget to ensure people are engaged in this debate ?
Question No 40 by (H-0095/00 ) : Subject : Articles 6.1 , 7.1 and 7.2 of the Treaty on European Union Article 6.1 of the Treaty states that the Union is based on principles of liberty , democracy , respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms .
It is clear from statements over the past years that Jörg Haider and the Freedom Party do not respect human rights and fundamental freedoms with respect to third country nationals and minority groups living in Austria .
Therefore , will the Commission state when they intend to propose under Article 7.1 that there is 'the existence of a serious and persistent breach by a Member State of the principles mentioned in Article 6.1 . ' , and urge the Council acting by qualified majority to suspend certain rights deriving from the application of this Treaty to Austria including the voting rights of the representative of Austria in the Council ?
I thank the Commissioner for his reply to my question