Madam President , I too want to thank the Commission for a good analysis in the ' Governance ' paper .
What I do not see , however , is an attendant list of practical , precise and binding proposals which would open the legislative process to the people .
We are concerned here with a list , which ought to accompany any bill , of who has been consulted , and all the answers given in consultations should be available on the Internet .
That runs directly counter to our era ' s demand for decentralisation .
Strawberries need not be of the same size in Italy as in Finland .
What I do not see is a proper concept of democracy that involves starting from the bottom .
Which issues cross borders ?
Which can we not manage for ourselves ?
Mr Prodi always has fine things to say about transparency , but he also has a department for refusing the right of access to documents .
For example , I have still not received a complete list of the people consulted in the 1,500 committees and working parties that exist today .
It looks as though he too has been imprisoned in his own fortress .
Allow me to remind you that it was also at Mr Ruffolo ' s request that a statistical comparison of the Member States ' cultural activities was made .
The Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party has no doubt that culture is a fundamental component of the EU' s identity .
Our group believes that respect for , and promotion of , cultural and linguistic diversity and of the common cultural inheritance is an essential factor in integration and the promotion of human individuality .
We want to see a European cultural policy which is not in any way aimed at uniformity but which offers the kind of identity that arises in the encounter of differences - a policy which contributes to social cohesion and which is essential to the sense of being a European citizen .
The EU must expend its energies on the key areas : the internal market , economic policy , foreign policy and asylum and immigration policy , and that is why we must also be very cautious about otherwise well-meaning initiatives in the area of cultural policy .
That was what the President of the Commission , Mr Prodi , emphasised here in the House earlier today .
That is best left to the Member States .
We believe that these are conclusions intended to broaden the scope of Article 151 of the treaty , and that is not something we want to be a party to .
Finally , we do not consider that the time is ripe for extending the economic framework of the EU' s activities in the area of cultural policy , something to which the proposal also refers .
Mr President , first of all , a big thank-you is due to Mr Schmid for an outstanding piece of work .
I think there are two good reasons for highlighting this work .
It would have been tempting to do so on this particular issue , but he confined himself to the facts and to what is actually the case .
Moreover , I specifically think that Mr Schmid ' s report , which we must adopt today , is forward-looking and contains sound proposals for initiatives that might be taken .
I also think it right to point out that there is a need to reach an understanding , and arrange for an agreement to be prepared , between the EU and the United States so that there might be mutual respect for the protection of citizens and companies .
The need for legal and parliamentary supervision of the intelligence services in the Member States is also emphasised .
I want to say that , with this report , the Member States can no longer put their heads in the sand where this issue is concerned .
There is now a need for countries to take responsibility for protecting their citizens and companies against violations .
The temporary committee ' s report expresses a thought-provoking blend of power and impotence , something we can , of course , see in the introductory quotation from one of the great satirists of antiquity , Juvenal , who formulates the hard but highly thought-provoking question , ' Who watches the watchmen ? '
The main conclusion is that completely convincing documentation has now successfully been put together to show that this worldwide surveillance system does in fact exist , but that is something of which we were , in actual fact , already well aware .
However , it is valuable to have the huge amount of documentation that has been assembled .
However , this is , of course , where the impotence comes in , first of all through the documentation we have to do without .
The statement is the closest approximation to an acknowledgement of the fact that the senior figures in the Commission are hiding behind a wall of silence and selective memory loss .
Did you hear that , Commissioner ?
The report has an annex containing a survey of parliamentary and judicial supervision in the Member States .
Quite a few Member States have neither judicial nor parliamentary supervision and others - such as my own country , Denmark - have formal systems which , in practice , have shown their astonishing lack of effectiveness .
The sad answer to the question , ' Who watches the watchmen ? ' , is nobody .
I too should like to thank the rapporteur for an outstanding piece of work .
It would not have aided further developments if Parliament had gone off in all possible directions at once .
It is also a good example of there being a common area