Member States leeway to reflect national practice in corporate culture .
Lastly , the issue of clarity : the lack of this is especially evident in the debate about jurisdiction , an issue of which I have a little experience .
The common position suggested some form of split arrangement .
Now we have a proposition that would lead to muddle , forum shopping , potential litigation at a delicate moment in a corporate deal .
This is not helpful .
Jurisdiction should be solely in the hands of the Member State where the target company is registered .
This is fair for minority shareholders , transparent and , above all , clear .
Indeed I would ask the Commissioner to consider whether he can accept my amendment on this crucial point .
The Financial Times editorial today talked about bid politics : that it has taken no less than 10 years to get this draft and that we , Parliament , could destroy that in 10 minutes tomorrow by voting through misguided amendments .
I hope that will not be the case .
Mr President , after 18 years working in financial services , I do not believe this directive is needed .
In the UK the regulation of takeovers through the voluntary code of practice administered by the takeover panel has been highly successful : a good example here of a pragmatic approach to a highly complex issue where legislation will be less appropriate .
It should not escape our attention that the takeover market is primarily British .
Activity in London exceeds the whole of the combined volume in the rest of Europe , therefore this measure will damage the United Kingdom .
Many believe that the imposition of a legal code is simply a protectionist device to enable less efficient European companies to protect themselves from takeovers by resorting to complex legal actions .
Are European companies so afraid of competition that they feel the need to shelter behind a restrictive law which will stifle rather than improve European competitiveness ?
If not , then Members should vote against this directive .
Mr President , it has been said that this is a very important , crucial piece of legislation we have before us .
It is at the heart of the EU financial services action plan .
But , more than that , the bigger prize is that we are able to take forward the Lisbon agenda of creating a competitive , dynamic European economy .
For that we need an efficient market in goods , services and capital .
Mr Bolkestein , I share your concerns : we cannot afford to risk losing this directive , because the EU economy would pay the opportunity cost for years of not being able to restructure European companies .
Yet the amendments tabled by our rapporteur will take us in that direction .
I fear it will undermine the effect of corporate restructuring necessary to build that EU competitiveness in global markets .
If we are to achieve global excellence in , for example , the telecoms sector , we must ensure that recent take-overs such as Vodafone , Mannesmann , France Telecom , Orange , will show that European models work , cannot be blocked by hostile action or poison pills .
That would be turning our back on the opportunity to achieve the competitiveness that we desire .
My delegation of Labour MEPs cannot accept , therefore , the changes in Article 9 to allow company boards the right to defensive measures to frustrate takeovers without getting shareholder approval .
Mr Bolkestein himself has said that it is crucial that the management of target companies consult shareholders in this case .
Our primary objective must be to protect our investors , to ensure a fair and equal bidding process .
It must be to ensure efficient flow in capital markets ; and we must not end up by producing legislation which protects potentially inefficient managers and props up failing companies .
That is in nobody 's interest .
It will result in investors not seeing the EU as an integrated capital market ; it will undermine investor confidence and it will result in capital flow out of Europe .
The rapporteur 's amendments create confusion in the area of litigation and it would be wrong of us to vote for confusion in potential litigation cases .
I have to say that I cannot understand Mr Lehne 's approach in the British Economist , where he has himself agreed that his compromise is unworkable , but that he put it in to keep the socialists happy and he is prepared to take it out in conciliation .
That is not acceptable .
Mr President , it is interesting to follow Mr Martin as an English speaker and I can assure him that things are certainly not falling apart in the British economy even though my party would like a change of government .
A point I want to make with regard to this takeover directive is to bring the argument very firmly back to millions of electors in my country and millions of people who have pension plans and savings that are based upon investments in the stock market .
Mrs McCarthy quite rightly reminded us to declare an interest .
So let me declare an interest .
I have a pension fund from my previous employer .
A lot of its value is based on investments in the British stock market and I rely on investment managers to keep my investment safe and to develop it for my future retirement .
That , of course , is a major strength , Mr Martin , for the British economy because we have those funds there at a time when our society is growing older and we need to provide those pensions .
We do not have an overhang of publicly funded pensions .
