objective information about current problems and developments in Europe .
( DE ) Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , yet again - but not at quite as late an hour as otherwise in Parliament - we are able to debate the further development of postal services in the European Union .
It was a matter of great concern to my fellow Members , and I , as rapporteur , am very glad to take it up , that we should closely follow what happens in this sector , which is of course an important part of all our lives , for everyone is happy if , as is to be hoped , he gets agreeable post and not just bills .
I thank the rapporteur , Mr Ferber , as I think he has brought the various Parliamentary interests and the Council together , so that this week , I believe , we can manage to get a good majority for a good compromise .
In Schleswig-Holstein , the province of the Federal Republic of Germany from which I come , we have developed a veritable abomination ; we even have a bicycle ombudsman .
One might say that this procedure and the preparation for it make this annual work programme interactive .
All three of the reports before us on priorities for 2003 are therefore right to highlight this essential task .
That , again , is of course a new step .
We also , of course , want participation in the Structural Fund or in the Agricultural Fund to work virtually from day one , so that there is no excessive time lag .
European citizens , every one of them , will be wondering which piece of the cake they have got , and whether that cake had been fairly shared out .
This applies especially to firms in the countries that want to join the EU ; mention equity capital there , and you find that most firms do not have any at all , and that there , the borrowing of capital from outside sources , along with bank credit , prevail to the exclusion of all else .
Secondly , it is always being said that a lot of money is being spent .
Yet , despite counter-terrorism and police efforts on the one hand and action taken by border guards on the other , there is one thing we do not want to forget under any circumstances , that , in a democracy consisting of 15 states , soon indeed to be 25 , in the European Union , we also have an obligation to the people who travel to the European Union and live together with us .
We are now suddenly supposed to take over further activities , whereas the Member States said months ago that they would finance them themselves .
The field of foreign policy has been mentioned : extensive aid for reconstruction in the Balkans , aid for Afghanistan and for the people persecuted and harassed there , the fight against the global scourge of AIDS , the disarmament measures that we need to reduce not only the number of landmines but also chemical and biological weapons , and also , for example sending a police task force to the Balkans to ensure that peace can enter there .
It is a good thing that this European Union of ours is working together , that we are increasingly trying to present a composite picture to the world we want to work with .
I therefore want primarily to set out the concerns behind the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development 's amendments to this report by Mr Färm , whom I will take this opportunity of warmly thanking for his work .
The Structural Fund stipulates that the Member States must be reimbursed in respect of the resources provided by them ; if the implementation of the Structural Fund in the Member States is held up , we cannot of course carry out the refund .
We should subject this instrument to serious testing in this respect .
We need rules for all the participants in this integrated market , rules that they can make sense of , rules that they can apply in a similar manner .
Since this is codecision , however , we propose that the situation be reviewed after four years to ascertain whether the procedure advocated here meets the requirements of codecision .
We are in favour of all suppliers having access to the technical networks , which need to be managed in separate companies to prevent discrimination against certain types of supplier and to prevent abuse of dominant position within a company .
We owe this to our consumers .
Neither do I regard this as complicating the process ; I think it is part of it .
Mr President , Commissioner de Palacio , ladies and gentlemen , liberalisation must bring benefits .
Parliament has no business , certainly not in a paragraph hidden away in a report on the budget , to call this decision into question either directly or indirectly .
But we will make the necessary corrections .
I would earnestly request that tomorrow the whole House convincingly approve the measures that we negotiated with the Council with the help of the Commission 's conciliation services , because then we can conclude this difficult issue - which is so important in terms of foreign policy - at first reading .
Firstly , we want it spelt out even more clearly that in five years ' time , after the review , moves will be made to increase the limit values ; we want this laid down now along with the eight decibels .
We condemn any kind of fundamentalism , offence or crime for reasons of so-called honour , such as stoning or genital mutilation or withholding reproductive rights , and that includes in Europe