we have to view these matters with some degree of caution , accepting that there is some uncertainty .
At this point I would like to thank Parliament , and especially the rapporteur , Mr Garosci , for his work on this issue , the sensitive nature of which is generally acknowledged .
They have already started to make the adjustments that will be necessary until these sales are abolished , and will now have to concentrate their efforts on actions at ground level .
On 19 May , let me say again , the Ecofin Council gave no indication to that effect , not did it even agree that the debate should be re-opened .
In addition , the Commission has promised the Council that it will draw up a working document clarifying which Community instruments can be used by Member States in that connection .
It is , therefore , in this context that the amendments tabled by your Parliament should be considered .
On this subject , the Commission wishes to reiterate its position expressed during the consideration of the proposal for a directive aimed at inserting comitology rules into Directive 1100 .
On that occasion , Parliament suggested that Article 7 of the Directive already offered an adequate opportunity .
I consider this debate on citizenship of the Union as a kind of invitation to all politicians to concentrate on the essentials of the construction of Europe , and a warning regarding the advances and setbacks that are taking place in the construction of Europe , and may detract from our citizens ' sense of 'belonging to a political community under the rule of law ' , to quote the expression used in your resolution .
The fact is that future progress can only be achieved by means of combined action at all levels , particularly in the field of improving legislation by making it more readable and capable of more efficient application .
The Internet is growing at a rapid pace and is no longer just used by scientists and researchers .
If the consumers and industry of Europe are to take full advantage of the opportunities offered by the information society , these issues must be addressed .
The action plan has four action lines : first , creating a safe environment , including the creation of a European network of hotlines and support for self-regulation ; second , developing , filtering and rating systems taking account of Europe 's cultural and linguistic diversity ; third , encouraging awareness actions ; fourth , support measures .
They calls for approaches where existing legislation can be applied to the Internet and how to provide sufficient solutions without legislation .
Two of them deal with legal issues and , in particular , liability .
I can assure you that if a separate European labelling system is needed , the action plan will certainly promote such a system .
The freeways are a significant step towards the true liberalization of the rail market .
However , discussions on this point in the Council have clearly shown that the regulation as such would not have a chance of being accepted by Council if the Commission insisted on this point .
On the one hand , synergies with other funding programmes will be ensured through the necessary inter-service consultation within the Commission .
Mr President , Commissioner , no-one can deny that in these days when capital is becoming transnational it is reasonable to give transnational trade union rights their proper effect .
We consider that the effect of this initiative is not to close , but rather to open a debate or bring it up to date .
Nevertheless , I should like to make it absolutely clear that , since the right to associate and the right to strike are not within the scope of Article 137 of the Treaty , the Commission does not intend to draft any legislation on those matters .
Most of these socioeconomic organizations are corporations in the broadest sense of the term .
I understand why you are not happy about the fact that little progress has been recorded in that area .
Firstly , national conferences are being or will be held in Member States , nearly all of them on the subject of this communication .
A third field in which we are working is that of actions that can be taken directly by the Commission .
Mrs Ghilardotti and Mr Wolf place particular emphasis on the difficulties many NGOs have in collaborating with the Structural Funds .
We intend to continue our efforts to see that the organizations and foundations are given the recognition due to them at local , national and Community level .
We also appreciate the hard work which has been done in three committees , the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs , Committee on Transport and Tourism and the Committee on Fisheries .
The Commission undertook 'to take appropriate initiatives as soon as possible in respect of the different sectors excluded from the scope of the directive .
We have subsequently confirmed this approach in the second-phase consultation documentation adopted by the Commission on 31 March .
In your resolution you agree with the Commission that there is in particular a need to provide for all mobile workers and those engaged in other work at sea a guarantee of adequate rest and for a maximum number of hours to be worked annually , and to extend to them the directive 's provisions on four weeks paid annual leave and health assessments for night workers .
The table after paragraph 1.4 of the explanatory statement to your resolution illustrates very clearly our intentions .
The Commission nevertheless believes that minimum standards of protection of health and safety with regard to working time should apply to all workers , including share fishermen , that is to say members of the crew of a fishing vessel who are remunerated by a share in the earnings of the vessel