We also make it clear that the employer is responsible for enforcing the wearing of hearing protectors and the provision of individual training .
( Interjection : Or even in Parliament ! )
Mr President , Madam Commissioner , I would like to ask you this : What influence do airport duties have on these practices ?
I think it is quite reasonable to say to families who wish to welcome an adopted child into their lives that they have to wait another few months , rather than run the risk that even a single case of the corruption which was rife in Romania 's child protection system could recur .
Commission .
Madam Commissioner , do you know whether any Member States are already giving serious consideration to the possibility of banning these brominated flame retardants at present , or , indeed , have already introduced such a ban ?
However , I would also like to point out that we will have an opportunity later this week to discuss the future of the common organisation of markets in raw tobacco in great detail during Thursday 's debate here in the plenary .
Against this background , the Community then concluded an Association Agreement with Morocco in 1996 which provides for reciprocal concessions on agricultural products .
Mr President , I would indeed prefer to answer these two questions together , as their content is the same .
Furthermore , as you are aware , we have agreed on an open-door policy for products from the poorest countries of the world .
As you know , the next step is the mid-term review in June this year , but in some sectors , further measures are already planned , for example in the olive sector , the fruit and vegetable sector , and in many others too .
We have already heard this evening that the greatest degree of biodiversity is to be found in the tropical regions of the developing countries .
I believe that the opportunity to enrich our daily food intake with additional vitamins and minerals is very valuable .
I attach great importance to the principle that substances should be scientifically tested before they become the object of Community legislation .
What the directive does prohibit , and rightly so , is any attempt to mislead consumers by making exaggerated claims about the curative or preventive powers of vitamins and minerals .
I do wish , however , to see the introduction of a maximum dose - yes , a maximum dose is something I do want to see .
I believe my reputation goes before me in that respect .
This is why scientists and researchers have a legal entitlement to improve this common position .
I really do find it irresponsible to set them loose on consumers in this way .
To my knowledge , this has not been proved .
But it must then apply to all Member States .
I shall therefore lend my support to all compromise amendments that guarantee the continued existence of proven monitored systems for the recycling of organic waste .
Does it become even dirtier when politicians have to deal with such unsavoury matters as pigswill and abattoir waste ?
We are not legislating on catering waste here ; it is merely a matter of the Commission presenting its own legislative proposal , to which we accord the same systematic and meticulous treatment that we gave to meat and bone meal .
On the other hand , we can treat and then re-use important nutrient carriers that were properly prepared for their original use .
When shall we create an authoritative and objective system of public information in the EU ?
Since these measures involve considerable financial expenditure , very liberal implementation deadlines were set .
Current estimates also put the cost of implementing this one directive in the applicant countries at about EUR 30 billion .
Any delaying tactic would now have unmanageable and perilous consequences and could lead to the political and economic stability now achieved across the whole region between the Baltic and the Black Sea being jeopardised .
I am already able , though , to tell you today that the Czech government has declared to the Commission its readiness to act and ask the Czech legislature to change the legal position if it should transpire that present legal practice cannot be reconciled with European law .
No breakthrough has as yet been achieved , and there are as yet no definite agreements , but I could see that convergence has been achieved to an extent that would have been considered impossible even only a short time ago .
The Commission 's proposals do not , therefore , in any way prejudge the next financial perspective for the post-2006 period .
In addition , the Commission will be presenting a report to the European Council in Seville on the realisation of the action plans to build up administrative capacity in the candidate countries .
I recently spoke with the Mayor of Pillau , which is in the Western part of the Kaliningrad region , where there is very great interest in the possibility of direct contact with the Commission in Brussels and a concern that not everything should be done via Moscow , which is a long way away .
We have discussed the candidates , and the tasks that the candidate countries must carry out .
As Commissioner Verheugen rightly said , the upper limits are clear , but there continue to be within them serious problems in need of a solution .
I also believe that transitional periods are possible until 2007 at the latest .
The level of production in some of these States is lower today than it was in 1990 , which indicates that the preparatory payments have not been much use .
In light of the fact that the borders of a future Europe will become