.
Certainly , it is important to promote intercultural dialogue , cross-border cultural projects and cultural exchanges that increase understanding of different cultures in Europe and that help give European citizenship some practical content .
Even the proposal of EUR 408 million is an increase of 72 % .
I am therefore voting against this proposal .     – Mr President , the June List will welcome Romania and Bulgaria as Members of the European Union in the same way as we shall welcome Turkey , the countries of the Western Balkans and , in time , Ukraine and , hopefully , Belarus .
To now accept poor countries such as Romania and Bulgaria into an EU that continues to be encumbered by an absurd agricultural policy and a badly managed structural policy and that is grappling with difficulties in preventing waste and corruption in its own system would be dangerous for the future of the European project .
The Commission ’s report on the state of things in Romania and Bulgaria is unconvincing on these different points .
They have a natural place in the European community , and we look forward to their becoming Members before long .
The Commissioner indicated a number of these problems : areas requiring further measures as a matter of some urgency .
Unfortunately , discrimination and racist violence still occur , and too often it is on the part of the authorities .
I hope that the Commission will increase its efforts to support Romania and Bulgaria in order to help them to cope successfully with these and other problems and to do so – as I still believe and hope it is possible for them to do – within the time frame for accession in 2007 .     – Mr President , I wish to thank Commissioner Rehn for a well-balanced report .
That is true , moreover .
They were about other matters because we European political leaders did not show enough political leadership and because we did not manage to explain that it really was the Treaty , and nothing else , that the referenda were really about .
We must show that we have visions and plans regarding enlargement .
To postpone Romania’s and Bulgaria’s accession unless it is absolutely necessary to do so would be a mistake in this very uncertain situation where the politics of security are concerned .
That is what differentiates those who represent public opinion from those who create it .
In your dealings with the Israelis , are you addressing the issue of how they treat EU citizens entering Israel ?     – Mr President , I should like to thank the rapporteur , Mrs Drčar Murko , and Commissioner Kyprianou for the desire for mutual understanding they have shown in the course of this work .
We want these restrictions to enter into force as quickly as possible , and we have therefore been anxious to reach a rapid agreement with the Council .
Now that the Commission has , both in writing and orally here in the Chamber , stated that it takes our concern about the long-term use of aspartame and antibiotics in foodstuffs seriously , we shall support the compromise with the Council and so vote against the other amendments .
I regret that Parliament is trying to increase expenditure on a large number of items without proposing corresponding and adequate economies in other areas .
The Member States and the net contributors have felt able to accept that it be done at that level .
Parliament should confine itself to the main task of prioritising within the framework established by the Member States .     We share the view that a continuous overhaul of existing legislation is necessary .
Food safety and public health are extremely important issues , and EU authorities should therefore only deal with them when there are practical benefits of their doing so that also extend beyond national borders .
We have confidence that the Member States’ national food authorities are fully competent to deal with this important issue in a satisfactory way .
Our attitude naturally presupposes that goods are to be labelled with their country of origin so that consumers will be able to make active and informed choices .     The June List is in favour of increased cooperation and greater exchange of information between the Member States with a view to combating organised cross-border crime .
There are thus good reasons for the EU Member States to coordinate the measures adopted and the political decisions taken .
We question a number of individual points in the report , such as that relating to the Commission ’s need to prepare a comprehensive communication strategy in conjunction with the European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control (ECDC ) .
We are critical of the fact that the European Parliament is in this way exploiting an important political issue in order to strengthen the EU and its international political role .     The own-initiative report is part of the process of setting up a European immigration policy in which one and the same procedure shall apply in all the Member States .
A Member State that , for example , wishes to permit generous rules for economic migration should be allowed to do so in accordance with the principle of institutional competition .     Madam President , in the run-up to its tenth anniversary , there is every reason to evaluate the Barcelona Process .
The fight against terrorism has become ever more important .
The exciting events in Lebanon and Syria and the ongoing tragic situation in Africa ’s last colony , Western Sahara , show that there is still a very great deal indeed to be done in the region .
Proof of this lies in the fact that there are Members from the whole of Europe , and not just from the south , debating in the Chamber this evening