Will the Commission respect all Parliament 's conditions ?
Furthermore , we applaud the Commission 's decision to relaunch and give fresh impetus to the MED programmes - URBS , MEDIA and CAMPUS - as requested by this Parliament .
The high level of implementation of the MEDA programmes is also very positive .
I want to conclude on the positive note with which I started , by welcoming the fact that the EUROMED parliamentary forum is going to take place .
The European institutions should put in place the necessary means so that aid can reach these countries as quickly and transparently as possible , and so that a suitable information policy can allow interested businesses , organizations or individuals equal access to the planned programmes .
In the area of regional and local cooperation , it would be a very good thing for the third countries of the Mediterranean to make real efforts as regards the participation of civil society in the field of human rights and freedoms , women 's equality , and special attention for young people , as well as making their administrations more flexible , removing bureaucracy and making their actions more transparent .
These agreements constitute the basic instrument to act as a framework for political dialogue , which should of course not end with their signing and ratification .
If that does not happen , we should reconsider the limits of our agreement with Israel , whose government is endangering the region 's stabilization and integration .
Please take that into account .
It is clear that the progress in this direction represented first by the Maastricht Treaty and then by the Treaty of Amsterdam is positive but insufficient .
What I cannot understand is why , if we are incapable of resolving our problems and facing up to our responsibilities , we have to criticize others .
And not just because of its potential implications for improved on-board conditions , but basically because of the guarantees it could provide for the whole aviation system .
Does the Council not think the European Union should make more of a contribution , in order to have - as has always been the case - a vision of solidarity and scrupulous compliance with international legislation , in the face of Prime Minister Netanyahu 's actions , which place constant obstacles in the way of this peace process ?
We have to look for other sorts of measures to ensure that European industry can take advantage of the opportunity provided by this globalization .
At the moment , energy can be bought , technology can be bought and moved around , raw materials can be bought and moved around , but our competitiveness and our future fundamentally depend on our people .
Also , I think the European Parliament has provided proof of its enormous responsibility when it comes to contributing to the launch of the euro .
So it is important for this Parliament to be kept informed , to be consulted and to state its opinion , in order to guarantee democratic responsibility .
Just as we want all the nuclear plants in the world to be safe , together with coal mines , factories and every other type of installation .
It will not be fully approved , Mr Eisma , because it is not particularly correct .
In order to do so , as Mr Bertens mentioned , it has set up a committee , which we hope can act as quickly and diligently as possible .
May nothing like that ever happen again in Guatemala' .
Madam President , Mr Vice-President of the Commission , ladies and gentlemen , as has already been said , during the night of 26 April , Bishop Gerardi , the auxiliary bishop of the archdiocese of Guatemala was murdered in Guatemala City .
Such an act , so painful and worthy of condemnation , cannot call a country 's image into question , but we find it worrying as an expression of a violence still all too present within Guatemalan society .
It is not like the other diseases which are studied epidemiologically .
It is a violence which threatens those who believe in democracy and the rule of law , and who do not resign themselves to this state of affairs because they believe there are ways to achieve peace , and who are so generous that they act as human shields in the fight for democracy , peace and liberty by means of dialogue alone .
Mr President , in my capacity as president of a Spanish national park - Aigüestortes y Estany de Sant Maurici - I can only lament the disaster which has happened , or which may happen , in a large part of the Doñana National Park , which is the biggest and most important national park in Europe and has been declared a World Heritage Site .
Firstly , environmental protection groups should be included in the committee of local authorities , experts and so on , because they have years of experience of protecting Doñana against dangers , and they know a lot about the reserve .
The European Commission requested information from the Spanish government , trusted what they told them , and archived the complaint .
Secondly , so far there has been no damage within the reserve , and the damage caused to the ecosystem is not yet irreparable .
This technique has been used for many years .
In its communication , the Commission says it would like to achieve 18 % within a few years , in about 2005 .
In previous years , in order to promote these technologies - which , as I say , offer every advantage and hardly any disadvantages - those kilowatt-hours fetched a very high price , an aboveaverage price .
Energy from gas is a clean form