, but it wants to do this without changing anything in its internal functioning and approach .
( The President cut the speaker off )
I would like to point out to my Greek colleagues and to you all that there has been an error in translation .
Worse still , the resolution stipulates that the government and parliament of Turkey are making efforts towards democratisation , that they respect human rights and that progress is being made in these areas .
Finally , it will have a very negative effect .
The resolution will intensify and deepen the intransigence of the Turkish regime , which is why I believe we should have voted on another resolution - the one recommended by the GUE Group .
Even in its first article , the resolution calls for Turkey to be considered eligible for candidate status with a view to eventual Union membership .
Why can we not make it clear to Turkey that its recognition as a candidate country is an exception to what we demanded from other countries ( such as Slovakia ) , and that this exception is being made for special reasons ( which must be clearly stipulated ) so as to facilitate its progression towards the necessary reforms ?
From what I have heard of other speakers who pointed to certain differences which generally rule out rapprochement with Turkey , this last interpretation seems the most likely .
Despite our being well aware of the atrocities committed by the KLA , we still nominated its forces to act as a protective body for Kosovo and , at the same time , we purported to be interested in the plight of the Gypsies .
How many victims were there at the time of the Chernobyl accident and how many are there today , about ten years on ?
Secondly , just how cheap is nuclear energy , Commissioner ?
This is why I believe that it is time to turn a new leaf , to change existing policy .
How can we dare to encourage such dangerous investments ?
Of course , what is particularly noticeable is the fact that for a country with 51 reactors and an undertaking to establish a further 20 , it does not have the appropriate knowledge and experience to deal with such events .
The European Parliament , as a representative of European public opinion , has a duty to take heed of the messages and react accordingly .
Madam President , first of all I would like to congratulate the Chairman of the Committee on Constitutional Affairs , Mr Napolitano , for clarifying such an important issue in his report .
We all know that this clarification has come at an opportune and important time - at a time when there are widespread calls to tackle , and ultimately root out altogether , fraud and those conditions which nurture it .
We all know them very well .
On many occasions , we have mentioned the need to combat and eradicate fraud altogether .
For precisely this reason , this House must also vote in favour .
Mr President , the first reading of the budget by Parliament , which we have been following today will , as always , have a significant impact on the policy of the European Union , of which Economic and Monetary Union forms a part .
That is why we support and welcome wholeheartedly the proposals tabled by the Committee on Budgets for an increase in the Prince budget .
The committee also believes that the provision of quality statistical information should be a priority for the Union , particularly now that Economic and Monetary Union has been introduced in the euro area and we have prospects for a further enlargement of the Union .
As in the case of Greece , and in other cases , this shows a lack of sensitivity towards our fellow human beings who are victims of such accidents and to whom we should show at least some generosity .
This 'progress ' has , in fact , been run-of-the-mill practice at the central banks since the 1930s !
Some countries have already entered an anti-inflationary phase , but there are growing signs of a rise in interest rates in order to maintain monetary stability .
I shall continue in Greek .
Of course , in all democratically-held debates such as this , we are bound to hear at least some critical remarks - but that does not , in any way , suggest that we do not acknowledge the tremendous contribution the European Central Bank has made to European affairs .
While using a "broad-based assessment of the outlook for price developments " , as the Bank calls it , which is basically an "inflation forecast " , seems perfectly logical , using the M3 money supply has neither practical nor theoretical support .
The second point concerns the independence of the Central Bank , which the political leaders of Europe have given their assurances of - and rightly so .
However , independence from the political leadership is not enough ; the European Central Bank must convince us that it can guarantee its independence from the capital markets .
The European Central Bank has not yet said anything to us about that .
Mr President , without a shadow of a doubt , Tampere is a significant step forward on the path towards full European integration and I would like to congratulate the Finnish Presidency for its great contribution .
It was very encouraging to hear special reference to the Greek-Italian memorandum on strengthening cooperation in the Adriatic and Ionian Seas in order to combat organised crime .
Do you believe that the Tampere meeting has set in motion a five-year process to enhance the democratic and political make-up of the Union or to transform it into a fortress which is unassailable to all the victims of persecution around the world