with EUR 2.2 million in the previous budget .
However , the situation as regards equality in the European Union , including as a result of enlargement and the particular problems which are arising in the new Member States , the lack of participation by women in the productive , economic , political and social process and the discrimination which is faced today by women in particular are forcing us to be bolder in our next moves .
This is particularly important in this period , when we are all working to strengthen the Lisbon Strategy and economic and social cohesion .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , I wish to take advantage of the opportunity which I have to speak to Parliament in Greek , because this is an opportunity which , unfortunately , I do not have in the Commission , and to comment briefly , of course , on today 's subject .
I should like to thank the rapporteur , Mrs Scheele , and the draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on the Internal Market and Consumer Protection , Mr Stubb .
Under today 's conditions , with today 's way of life , consumers need an additional boost to their diet , which is why it is useful to add both vitamins and inorganic salts – what we call minerals – to food .
However , use has increased over recent years not just of vitamins and minerals , but also of substances and ingredients which are used in an innovative way .
Firstly , it regulates the composition of foods by creating a list of acceptable vitamins and minerals with upper and lower limits , in order to ensure , of course , that products are safe .
As far as the question of vitamins and minerals is concerned , the proposal is aiming for their full harmonisation and I think that this covers the question of better regulation , because better regulation does not mean no regulation .
However , Annex III to the proposal provides the possibility , if and where needed , for a rapid response if , of course , it is considered that the consumption of these substances in such quantities might be a health risk .
Unfortunately , the midterm review of the Lisbon Strategy and the proposal for the new financial perspectives undermine the importance of the social agenda and give less money to this priority , whereas we need to invest more in knowledge , research , innovation , training and in support for the weakest members of society : persons with disabilities , immigrants and vulnerable groups such as young people , the elderly , women , unskilled workers and the unemployed .
I should like to thank Mrs Mato Adrover for her excellent work on the question of the guidelines for employment policies .
I wish to thank him because this satisfied an initiative on my part to have this debate .
Certainly the situation in the European Union today is a matter for the democratically elected governments ; however , it is also a matter for the democratically elected institution , the European Parliament .
The Greek Government should immediately ban this anti-democratic meeting .
In the European Parliament , 62 % of the French members voted .
What is happening ?
They know about everything that we arrange behind their backs .
Europe without the people cannot progress and the bureaucrats in Brussels need to understand that .
In this direction , policy-making and the rules for applying policy are of paramount importance .
Within the same framework , the recent agreement on a new financing regime for the CAP which , as you mentioned earlier , has already been decided by the Council of Ministers for Agriculture , appears to serve the same objectives of the simplification of procedures and the efficacy of the support provided .
Within the framework of their competences , they should act and cooperate for the benefit of the Union .
If we are to shape a good environmental policy , then we need to have good information .
At other times , the information is fragmentary and comes in a variety of different forms and types , making it impossible to use it in order to shape policy at European level .
INSPIRE will help to remove these barriers by forcing government agencies to improve documentation and ensure that their data systems are interoperable .
Similarly , they will share data with each other and with the public .
Unfortunately , however , this proved impossible , due to continuing concerns being put forward by certain Member States in connection with intellectual property rights .
One of the policies which does not guarantee a stable , long-term economic and business framework is the CAP.
If rural development is to strengthen the rural economy and keep pace with sustainable regional development , it needs resources and integrated planning .
The duration of development programmes should be seven years , in accordance also with the implementation of the CAP , in order to give producers and the food industries a constant timeframe .
It also reduces the resistance of the population and causes governments anxiety about suppressive measures , which often infringe fundamental freedoms .
Firstly , because terrorism has no borders and our critical infrastructures often have no borders now either .
But what should we do together ?
For example , my country might have information about a possible threat to another country .
We need to safeguard financing .
We cannot simply shell out money with no timetable .
You can have a database so that you can coordinate throughout Europe – if a disaster strikes one country , which other countries will help and with what forces – but it costs money .
There must be a crisis management , coordination and monitoring and information processing centre in Europe .
What should we not do together ?
