It goes without saying that political conflicts can only be solved through political negotiations .
This so-called divide , opposing two fictional monolithic blocks , Islam and the West , fuels further stereotypes and polarisation , and gives rise to extremism .
This is my first concluding point .
This is exactly what we need to generate the will to live together in mutual respect and appreciation of our ethnic , linguistic , cultural and religious differences .
The overall appropriations allocated to fisheries over the years must be considered a negative development given that previous budgets already represented the minimum necessary to implement a common fisheries policy and a maritime policy with the requisite resources .
However , they have unfortunately been living for some years in a terrible situation , which is getting worse , in which their fundamental rights are being violated .
We therefore condemn and regret the assassination of a young student leader who died a victim of this climate of violence which is being fuelled by the authorities .
How can we close our eyes and pretend that nothing is happening ?
Instead of distorting the facts and trying to give Venezuela lessons on democracy , the European Parliament should have included on the agenda a debate about the EU 's attempt to impose a proposed European Treaty , which has already been rejected , in total disregard for the democratic decisions sovereignly taken by the French , Dutch and Irish people , and also bearing in mind the refusal to allow other people to give their opinion through referendums .
As a result , they should stop claiming that they can preach to the rest of the world .
However , every day now the solidity of the European project is being put to the test in many other dimensions .
Today , the crisis resulting from deregulation of financial markets is seriously affecting the real economy and is further worsening the situation of many citizens in many regions .
It has to be much more than the more or less coordinated sum of national policies .
Having a Lisbon Strategy that is purely the sum of national initiatives and having a Stability and Growth Pact that puts different amounts of pressure on the various countries using it and subject to it are limitations , to which we can add the limited budget available .
This particularly affects female workers , which also implies a devaluation of motherhood .
We therefore insist on a new policy which gives priority to employment with rights , the fight against discrimination , and the protection of motherhood and fatherhood as fundamental social values .
That is why I must say , as a Member for the Socialist Group in the European Parliament , using my second minute , that I do not understand Mrs Lulling 's observation that the Socialist Group and the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe - and only they - introduced quantitative limits .
It also does not prejudice any of the countries which naturally have a different understanding from that of the country which Mrs Lulling represents and which I naturally respect .
When talking about excise duties , we must remember that they are levied on clearly defined consumer goods and services : tobacco , alcohol and energy products .
The goods covered by this proposal are sensitive goods , the sale of which should not be subject merely to the forces of competition .
As a rule , duties are payable in the country of consumption , except with regard to goods transported within the European Union .
However , this does not make sense where it may prejudice the public finances of Member States or public health objectives which Member States have the right to safeguard .
This is an (unjustified ) inversion of the general principle applying to taxation .
We believe that this approach is appropriate .
With regard to all initiatives in the area of civil protection , we consider that the priority should be promoting prevention and improving the civil protection resources of each Member State , and also their coordination . rapporteur . - ( PT ) Madam President , Commissioner , President-in-Office of the Council , ladies and gentlemen , it gives me great pleasure to welcome you all at the start of this debate .
In particular I must highlight the role played by Mr Goepel , not only as coordinator of the PPE-DE Group , but also as rapporteur on the own-initiative report which preceded the reports being discussed here today .
The 1 170 amendments tabled to the Commission 's proposals , particularly taking into account the fact that the period available was interrupted by the summer recess , illustrate the wide participation of Members in this debate .
There is also a lack of social sensitivity , which is quite clear in the proposal to exclude small farmers .
These are : the percentage and progressive nature of support for small farmers , giving greater freedom to Member States to set the minimum thresholds ; the retention percentage under Article 68 and the enlargement of its scope ; the broader scope of the insurance system , which is extended to the fishing industry ; the issue of cofinancing of rural development , and the expansion of new challenges .
I should like to see this adopted in plenary and confirmed by the Council with the backing of the Commission .
The Commission and the Council have also reaffirmed their positions , but I am delighted to note the signs of flexibility and openness that have been given .
We are all convinced , and this will be the best conclusion to this debate , that a common agricultural policy is needed in Europe so that European agriculture can be competitive and environmentally sustainable .
It cannot be said that defending production and employment is not as important as the financial sector