The counter-terrorism strategy nonetheless has a section entitled 'democratic accountability ' , promising a high-level political dialogue on counter-terrorism involving the Council , the European Parliament and the Commission once per Presidency , 'to ensure interinstitutional governance ' .
The meeting on 10 May , during the Italian Presidency , was the last indication of this commitment .
During its presidential term , Finland tried to honour its obligations under the strategy and organise this high-level event , but possible dates were always being cancelled before the invitation was sent , owing to one of the parties or because of some other major problem .
The Finnish Presidency regrets that it did not manage to organise the event , despite all its efforts to do so .
Mr President , human rights and data protection have always been crucially important in all discussions whenever European policy on counter-terrorism has been formulated and implemented .
We have to remember that European society is very much based on individual freedoms .
The Council would like to draw the honourable Member 's attention to the answer which was given to her oral question H-0815 this year .
This will also be an important step forward in developing European networks .
Mr President , these safeguard clauses may therefore be applied if a Member State makes such a request , if it is thought to be justified , and if the Commission considers that protective measures are necessary in response to it .
Mr President , this question is fundamentally linked to the common European energy debate .
When we talk about nuclear power , we have Member States where at present more nuclear power stations are being built , Member States that are cutting capacity , and everything in between .
It is nevertheless the job of the national authorities to ensure that these safety regulations are also implemented .
Let me say this a third time : decisions on safeguard clauses are taken by the Commission , on receipt of a justifiable request , so it is not within my power to judge the use of one .
If we are alluding to a new nuclear plant , I would like to mention that this is a very long-term process which will not solve short-term problems .
Subject : COP12 In the light of the recent COP12 meeting , the conclusions of the Environment Council meeting of 23 October 2006 and the conclusions of the Agriculture and Fisheries Council meetings of 24-25 October 2006 , does the Council agree that avoided deforestation must be included in any post-2012 settlement ?
To achieve this goal a considerable reduction in total volumes will be required , in accordance with common but differentiated areas of responsibility and capabilities .
The EU therefore stresses the importance of examining the various options with regard to how emissions from deforestation can be cut and , in particular , exploiting synergies with measures taken in other contexts .
There was some discussion of this question too at the climate change conference in Nairobi , so its significance and importance is definitely appreciated .
Subject : Composition of the Commission When does the Council intend to take a decision pursuant to Article 4( 3 ) of the Protocol on the Enlargement of the European Union annexed to the Treaty of Nice ?
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the Council has not yet begun any preparatory work on this .
Let me just say that if the negotiated Treaty on the Constitution comes into force , that will do something to resolve the issue .
I would say again that the Council has not yet begun the preparatory work .
The presidents and prime ministers from both sides attended .
At the meeting Belgrade and Pristina expressed totally opposite views on the status of Kosovo .
When notification was received that the Serbian parliamentary elections were to be held on 21 January 2007 , Martti Ahtisaari said that he would put a proposal to the parties immediately after the elections , as he did not want the solution to Kosovo 's status to become an election weapon in Serbia 's future elections .
Success is vital , because it would offer favourable prospects for the future , both for the inhabitants of Kosovo and for general stability in the region .
Mr President , Special Envoy Ahtisaari has made it clear to the Council that he has no intention of delaying his proposal for a solution after the January elections are over .
Can the Council confirm that citizens of other EU Member States use this clinic for abortions even after the 30th week of pregnancy , evading the criminal law of their own Member State ?
Is the Council concerning itself with this evasion of the criminal law of the Member States and this assault on human life ?
Mr President , the Council has never discussed this , because it does not fall within its competence .
The EU cannot interfere in unsatisfactory states of affairs due to differences in the legislation of Member States when it comes to areas that are not within its competence .
In this case it is incontrovertibly clear that big differences between the laws in Member States lead to very different practices around Europe . on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group . - ( FI ) Madam President , I too wish to thank the rapporteur , Mrs Záborská , for the excellent work she has done .
This is a process that is bound to take a long time , and it is important that the Committee on Women 's Rights and Gender Equality is heading the project .
I know that there are also those in Parliament that are doubtful about all this , and I feel that in most cases it is those very people who need to be educated in the matter of equality .
I drafted