In the developed western countries the situation remains under control , as things stand , but for the poor , less developed countries it might turn into a new scourge on a huge scale , one which , both directly and through its economic impact , will increase poverty , misery and the death rate .
The epidemic has been going on for only eight weeks , but one thing is certain : the decision-makers have a major role to play .
There has to be a guarantee of global stability and order , because that will be crucial from the point of view of health care systems and prevention .
A high-ranking health official in Canada , however , has been quick to deny the possibility of infection .
It is incredible that the Canadian health authorities should succumb to a childish , face-saving quarrel about where the disease has come from .
At a general level , this shows how badly the authorities in the Western countries have prepared themselves mentally for the spread of new and dangerous infectious diseases .
One more detail with regard to the SARS situation deserves comment .
Italy was dissatisfied with the decision of the Council of Ministers concerning action to prevent SARS , and decided to break away temporarily from the Schengen Agreement so as to be able to conduct checks itself on the state of health of people coming into the country .
In this respect the EU has passed a practical test with good marks .
It is difficult to make estimates because parliamentary elections are to be held during the year and the EU will enlarge .
Both these factors will increase Parliament 's expenditure , and at the same time they cause uncertainty with respect to estimates .
This expenditure item is new .
For that reason exceeding the ceiling by this amount may be justified because it would not actually alter the old way costs are distributed between the EU and the Member States , as the Member States have been responsible for salaries up till now .
The focus is the right one .
At the same time that would allow Members to participate more in the work of all their committees .
For example , there will be no possibility of expanding transport services , not at least before we have some definitive experience of the other new areas of expenditure .
If Parliament applies the health insurance scheme to the current Members it is only reasonable , as they work outside their own countries and it counts as occupational health care .
This argument does not apply to former Members , however , and it would be just another , somewhat covert , privilege .
This means that the practice of using two separate interpreters to translate what someone is saying will increase .
Mr President , a year ago Mr John Bolton , the Deputy US Secretary of State , said that the sole purpose of the International Criminal Court was to constrain American military power .
We must support those countries which are coming under pressure .
Furthermore , we would still like to know what steps the Council is taking to guarantee that Iraqi prisoners will not be arbitrarily tried by US military courts , but judged by independent international tribunals , preferably under the auspices of the United Nations .
That is why it is important to cultivate a policy that strengthens democracy and prosperity in the Union 's neighbouring regions .
Despite development , Russia still has much hard work to do in the creation of democratic social structures .
It will no longer be possible to maintain the current system of cooperation , but the experience we have had up till now of cooperation should be put to careful use .
If they get worse they could increase instability in Europe .
The situation is worst in Belarus , where the political situation has hindered EU cooperation with the country .
The Commission communication quite rightly stresses the importance of cross-border and regional cooperation with our new neighbours .
The key principles are that it should be multiannual , that there should be power of decision in the regions , and that it should be organised as efficiently as possible with regard to its administration and making payments .
Mr President , President-in-Office of the Council , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , there really must now be a new phase in our relations with Russia .
Bureaucracy has obstructed reform , and inertia , the Kaliningrad question , environmental problems and the mass media have generally drained it of its strength .
Terrorist attacks , whose victims ' relatives I want to express my deep condolences to - and my sympathies also go to the victims themselves - show that there is opposition to any political solution in Chechnya , although my understanding is that the Russian Government has gone down that path by actually organising elections .
It may be that if we are to deal with the Chechnya issue , which is souring relations between us , we need to provide a working group to plod on with the task in cooperation with Russia .
Russia may lose its markets in the region , and Union enlargement , if the worst comes to the worst , may isolate Russia .
It is the most recent example of that .
An example of this might be the Northern Dimension , which , with the right financing , would strengthen this partnership .
Russia must put the Investments Protection Agreement in order .
The fact is , the faster Russia 'westernises' , the faster human rights will improve there .
This last winter dozens of ships were cast adrift by ice , there being no help available from an ice breaker - ships on their way to Russia .
There is one thing about Russia that has often gone unremarked .
Russia has turned westwards , but I