talk about the agreement with the motor vehicle industry concerning CO2 emissions .
Air pollution is a particularly intractable problem which needs to be tackled using an integrated , systematic and multidisciplinary approach .
The automobile and petroleum industries now face the major challenge of giving further thought , together with environmental and consumer organisations , to a sustainable technology which can responsibly accommodate the need for mobility .
We must ensure that countries do not use emissions trading as a way of getting round the domestic measures which they ought to take .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I have three observations to make in the debate .
Policy on the prevention of climate change necessitates a redefining of a whole range of European policies on energy management , and possibly of sectoral objectives too .
Lastly , as you have already indicated , Commissioner , we must press the United States to ratify the Protocol as swiftly as possible .
This avoids situations whereby certain plans and programmes are subsequently found to cause unnecessary environmental damage . Unfortunately , there is still some reluctance to allow sufficient breadth of scope to strategic environmental assessment .
An essential part of the SEA lies in studying alternatives such as the zero option , which describes what the consequences will be if nothing is done , and the most environmentally friendly option .
I am happy too to be able to say that the Commission 's proposal on reducing the nuisance of aircraft noise , presented to us by Mr Valverde López , has the full support of the Committee on Transport and Tourism .
One way or another , this has to feature in the report - as soon as possible , as far as we are concerned , and it must be mandatory .
It is fitting that we in the European Parliament should all be keen to address the problem of noise pollution and other environmental nuisance factors caused by flying .
We have an airport in Maastricht , and in Maastricht we tried the following strategy : one , redeveloping the facility ; two , limiting the number of night flights ; and three , denying landing rights to noisy aircraft .
But I wonder what we are going to do on 1 April when , as in the USA , we have a lot of aircraft which are registered here and can thus be operated too .
This poor level of compliance on the part of Member States is not only lamentable ; the prospect of enlargement makes it downright alarming .
Whilst I would stress that the British Government did at the time recognise citizens of Gibraltar as British subjects , and since the European Parliament 's resolution says that all citizens of the European Union must be free to take part in European elections , it seems to me that the position of this Member State is in clear conflict with that resolution .
I think it is most important that a report like this should also pay tribute to the contribution which Islam and the Arab world , but Islam in particular , has made to European culture .
That is a very good thing , as the Muslim communities can involve their imams who have a role to play in our own social and cultural life .
So I urge Mr Mohamed Ali to get rid of these two points along the lines we have suggested , otherwise he will not secure our votes .
The outlook and debate on what is currently happening in Russia prompt a measure of gloom in me too .
Russia has yet to find her place in the world economic order .
Banks took great risks in emerging markets , attracted by the prospect of large profits .
The question is , though , whether it is actually possible entirely to prevent a funding crisis under the current system where banks are obsessed with making maximum profits ?
I think the situation is worse than that .
Commissioner van den Broek was right in identifying them as such .
The impasse over the MEDA funds and the financial protocols is a cause for concern , but we hope that creative thinking on Europe 's part and moves towards democracy on Turkey 's part will lead us out of the impasse .
Only through talking can we find common ground .
We have been on the very brink of a crisis .
This House too is discussing ways in which the international community might actively intervene .
The resolution drafted for this debate more or less intimates that the European Union might on its own initiative have to consider military intervention .
We are against that independence , because we think this would open up a Pandora 's box and lead to borders in Europe being challenged , in this particular region but elsewhere too .
We shall certainly be voting for it .
This country of origin principle already applies for consumer purchases , of course , unless exceptions are made such as for mail order purchases and new cars .
Finally , a completely different point .
I gathered from discussions in the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs that the Council and the Commission have no plans to change Annex H while the transitional system is in force , and it seems that we can look forward to uniform definitions of the categories listed in this annex .
First of all , there are three amendments on debt collection agencies , which are still encountering obstacles despite the single market .
The shorter the better , that is our motto , but distinguishing according to price is for various reasons neither as useful nor as relevant as distinguishing according to the nature of the contract .
So for goodness ' sake let us include ourselves in the scope of this directive