We should not be afraid of these identities .
( Applause ) In European democracy the word protection should not be outlawed .
We must debate them until we have succeeded in reaching a compromise that allows us to build a common policy .
France 's policy now is to work closely and with complete confidence with the European institutions , that is to say , the European Parliament and the European Commission .
I made my case to them prior to the elections .
I did not support the report that seeks to include CO2 emissions from aviation activities in the European Union 's scheme for emissions trading .
This blindness is total when it comes to meeting the Union 's international commitments and the agreements that have to implemented or ratified : it is the Geneva Convention for some , and for others , which means all the countries of the European Union , it is the Convention on the Protection of the Rights of Migrant Workers and their Families .
The rapid growth of urban areas is a continuing trend in developing countries .
The ultimate goal is to promote sustainable urban development .
Because of the impoverished status of a large number of the beneficiaries living in the shantytowns and poorest parts of the zones concerned , most , if not all , of the projects provide some form of benefit to the poor in that tariff adjustments are included as part of the package .
The data obtained are usually far from complete and often questionable , because the rudiments that we have and the methods used to quantify these statistics are not always reliable .
In some countries 60 % or 70 % of the population are below the age of 25 .
Not only are they repayable but , as you said , Commissioner , the sums repaid are far in excess of the original loan since they depend on the number of planes sold , and practically all of Airbus 's aircraft have been successful .
I would like to outline them here in order to explain , first of all , the extent to which we support them and why , and in particular to say that these points were incorporated in the consensus and that the European Parliament was pleased with all of the points it requested .
Here in the European Parliament we obviously support the reforms within the UN , with one stipulation , Commissioner .
European consumers need an assurance that low-priced , imported products will be safe in every respect .
Ladies and gentlemen , we as politicians are increasingly called upon to address the challenge of energy problems .
It is not a case of settling political scores , but a question of values , ladies and gentlemen .
The EU must be behind dialogue among all players in this area .
Let us not miss out on the chance of us all agreeing to work towards a common objective . on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group . - ( FR ) Mr President , Prime Minister , you made a fine speech .
However , in that case , for instance , we must come back to the draft economic partnership agreement which has been rejected by all our African partners because they feel sure - and I think they are right - that development of human capacities and free trade are not a good mix .
I wish to thank our rapporteur , Mrs Hieronymi , for her determination , patience and also a particularly open and positive spirit of compromise .
It certainly has major effects on economic growth and job creation in Europe .
I hope we can create European quality labels in accordance with ecological and social criteria , and quite simply enhance information and protection for European consumers . rapporteur . - ( FR ) Madam President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I am pleased to present this report to you today on the allocation of macro-financial assistance ( MFA ) to Lebanon .
For Parliament to carry out its work satisfactorily , it must have better-quality information in good time .
It is also enabling the relocation of production , which can be good in terms of using workforces and applying wage regulations , but , given that it takes no account whatsoever of the cost of greenhouse gases produced by this division of labour , it may accelerate the production of greenhouse gases and climate change .
This , ladies and gentlemen , forms the basis of my proposals . on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group . - ( FR ) I am speaking as Chairman of the Delegation for relations with the countries of the Andean Community .
First I will go over the structural points of this directive and the existing texts .
I would like to stress the importance of the consistency of strategies by geographical area : we would have liked the text to be tougher , but the need for consistency is affirmed .
I therefore wish to point out the need for simplification .
The 2003 reform is an unmistakable step forward which ought to help our agricultural sector protect the environment and health , and it was in this spirit in 2005 that we voted in favour of the new EAFRD Regulation replacing the EAGGF - Guarantee section .
With the European Technology Institute , the package totals EUR 2.7 billion , without jeopardising any EU policies .
Mrs Ferrero-Waldner is right : the decisive role of the EU in the UN Human Rights Council 's adoption of promising and demanding work mechanisms , such as the recent adoption of a resolution calling for a moratorium on the death penalty , must be analysed .
The second point I wish to make concerns joint action within the context of international humanitarian law .
The European Parliament will have more duties and more responsibilities to Europe 's citizens .
Ladies and gentlemen