imported from Russia .
The programme must also show clear links to EU relations with the northern parts of Norway , Iceland , Greenland , the United States of America and Canada .
The project has , with reason , been criticised for having nothing concrete to offer .
The decentralised character of its management , spread among several of the Commission 's Directorates-General as it is , only complicates the work .
I also support the idea that the Northern Dimension should have its own budget heading , which is in accord with my earlier proposals .
The Northern Dimension , however , has to be seen as a dynamic process .
With enlargement too the role of the EU in the Baltic Sea will alter significantly .
The prominence given to the Baltic Sea in all EU policy must increase , whilst at the same time its importance as part of the EU 's Northern Dimension lessens .
The EU should take the decision to join the Arctic Council , whose members are currently the United States of America , Canada , Iceland , Denmark , Norway , Sweden , Finland and Russia .
It would be odd if the EU were to continue to be left out of the work of this Council , which was established in 1996 , especially as so many of the EU 's own projects , if associated with Arctic Council projects , could result in important synergies .
EU policy on climate change could in this way obtain a new basis internationally on which to build practical action .
The reports by the journalist Anna Politkovskaja have been shocking to read , the horrific deeds of the army continue to go unpunished , and the enforced evacuation of the refugee camps in Ingushetia goes on .
Mr President , the idea is an excellent one and is already incorporated in the jointly adopted motion for a resolution , and thus no longer needs to be added here .
We therefore do not support this verbal amendment .
Madam President , I wish to thank the Council of Presidents for having included this important issue in the debate , and I would also like to thank the Commissioner .
We therefore have to keep abreast of developments .
High decibel and low frequency noise produced by radar can carry for thousands of kilometres in the sea .
Autopsies carried out on the dead whales revealed haematomas in the brain and inner ear cause by extremely loud noise .
The US navy itself stated in its report on the whale deaths in the Bahamas that LFAS had been the most likely cause of death .
NATO was conducting military manoeuvres in the area involving 58 warships and six submarines from different member states of the alliance .
The din can cause permanent damage to the ear bones , and brain and lung haemorrhage .
The link between radar and whale deaths is actually hard to prove because it is very difficult to track whales and study changes in their behaviour over a long period of time .
Nevertheless , the navy has a permit from a national authority to test the system for a total of 432 hours in other seawaters until August this year .
Until now the navy has agreed to test their equipment a long way off from the coast , and away too from known marine mammal breeding grounds and migratory routes .
The system can be used to cover up to 75 % of the world 's seas .
Economic interests are clearly linked to the issue .
Madam President , I want to thank the Commission for its statement .
Mr President , Geneva for us will be the moment of truth .
With the Iraq crisis reaching an acute stage , the Member States decided to adopt the process laid down in Article 19 of the Treaty on European Union in the UN Security Council .
We will no longer appear credible and we , old Europe , will be left without that moral authority we need so much .
Madam President , Mr McCartin has drawn up an excellent report on matters that Parliament focused its attention on when it granted discharge for 2000 .
This is particularly true of the way the Structural Funds programmes are implemented , which does not meet the requirements of good administration any more than it does the expectations of the public .
The situation only got worse from 2000 to 2001 and the trend continued into 2002 .
The amount in unpaid commitments in respect of the Structural Funds has grown to EUR 66.7 billion , which is the equivalent of the budget for two years .
The EU 's structural policy has to be thoroughly reviewed ; this programming period threatens to be a real catastrophe .
It must be the obligation of every official to apply the whistle blowing procedure where necessary .
There must be a more natural and swifter way to claw back EU funds paid out for no good reason .
The present system is unwieldy and arbitrary , as is shown in the report by Jan Mulder , which we are to discuss next .
I think the practice initiated by Mr McCartin of providing yearly follow-up with regard to the reports on discharge is appropriate , because it brings a long-term quality to Parliament 's monitoring of the Commission .
Just as with the first directive on access to environmental information , the third reading has now taken into account the result of conciliation , which represents Parliament 's position very clearly , and which meets the minimum requirement in the Århus Convention fully and even goes beyond it .
On the other hand , just these few issues caused huge problems , owing to differences in approach .
During conciliation we were able to find a two-stage solution to the problem .
