to correct the programmes in real time , as they progress , and prevent resources from being irrevocably assigned to technological initiatives which may subsequently prove to be dead ends .
The rapporteur proposes knowledge-sharing technologies and targeted projects organized in matrix form .
Mr President , there are many occasions during the year when we find ourselves debating this fundamental subject of employment .
The other thing that should be done , Mr President , is to eliminate the paradox of a society full of unsatisfied social needs and growing unemployment .
We must act resolutely to promote schemes which will create small - and medium-sized enterprises , especially in the service sector , to ease the employment situation ; at the same time , we need to strengthen the vocational training programmes aimed at young people , women and the long-term unemployed but not at slackers and loafers .
In doing this , the route Europe has chosen to take may be longer and more difficult , but it is also more exciting : to combat drugs is to reaffirm a European policy which aims to reduce demand for drugs in our Community .
The European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction needs to be strengthened , made more effective and linked in a more organic way with non-governmental organizations and those who work at the frontiers of the drug problem and need advice and guidance to help them become more effective .
I listened to Mr Burtone very carefully : I respect his political opinions , but when , in his capacity as rapporteur in a conciliation procedure concerning an action programme for the prevention of drug addiction , he maintains that in this document Parliament is against legalization , I should like to ask him which recital or article his statements are based on .
Other important aspects are : treating the addict as a person who is ill and not as a criminal ; prevention , which must cover all kinds of narcotics and psychotropic substances , including the new synthetic drugs ; and the need to mobilize all the sectors involved , supporting multidisciplinary cooperation between the public and private sectors , including NGOs .
I refer in particular to the stress on the fact that the patient is not a criminal , that , in reality , the prison environment is often a place where the risk of drug dependence develops and that the programme must cover all types of drug , without distinction .
Against the background of this debate , we have the recent outburst from the leader of the governing coalition in Italy who , perhaps trying to hold out too leafy an olive branch , spoke of liberalizing hallucinogenic drugs .
These questions need to be debated at a cultural level and cannot be used as or turned into mere political propaganda .
Mr President , Mr Tsatsos ' report is an important one , and comes , as the rapporteur himself pointed out , at a difficult time of crisis in the relationship between the European Institutions and the citizens of Europe .
But we must tackle it because democracy and politics have to be paid for .
Within that framework , my group would ask for the parties to be provided with services rather than funds , not least because financing of that kind is prohibited under the legislation of some Member States .
If we are unable to be absolutely satisfied with the implementation of the Commission programme for 1996 , the main area of concern has to be this relationship , particularly as regards a number of problems of timing and scheduling we encountered in reviewing dossiers sent by the Commission to Parliament .
Here too , we are asking the Commission to be bold and positive in taking an initiative .
Mr President , 1997 will be a critical year for the European Union .
That means that cohesion has still to be a concern for all of us .
We therefore need a proposal from the Commission that measures up to the gravity of the situation .
We have therefore to promote the revival of fisheries on the basis of sustainable fishing ; reform of the common fisheries policy is now , Mr President , a question that has to be tackled .
It gives a very negative signal to Europe 's citizens .
In point of fact , the Council is giving way to the caprice of one Member State which is actually using the legal bases in an attempt to prevent the Institutions working properly .
That is why I voted against , and I wanted to give that explanation .
Unless those issues are resolved , it will not be possible to have the kind of enlargement that guarantees the continuity of the Union ; and unless a constitutional state and full democracy are established in all of the CCEEs the political priority of enlargement will be left jeopardized .
That will be the lesser evil .
It does not appear to me that Mr Rehder 's report comes to no very clear conclusions : I think it goes a long way to developing the new proposals contained in the strategy paper approved by the Commission in December 1995 , in Madrid , and makes them more complete .
What sort of proposals can be made in relation to competitiveness , product quality and the need to give value added by processing products ?
The fact remains that the Commission has for too long tolerated the slaughter of the innocents and we all bear the guilt .
Bearing in mind that , generally speaking , the NGO co-financing projects are well thought-of , I do think that it is necessary - and here I wish to put an additional question to you - to understand the approach being considered in regard to the new co-financing conditions