Our ambition was not to add new decisions but , rather , to implement decisions already taken .
In addition , we wanted to develop the Union ' s common foreign and security policy .
The objective of this work was to show that the timetable drawn up by the Commission for the enlargement negotiations was realistic .
We were given a clear signal concerning the enlargement we wanted to see .
The most demanding task for us within the European Union is to work out common positions for the fifteen Member States .
We said in Göteborg that enlargement would be a fact by 2004 .
When Sweden took over the presidency , it was also our ambition to develop the foreign and security policy .
I am thinking , above all , of three important factors .
These three factors indicate a development parallel to that of the European Union .
Never have we concealed our views on the situation in Russia where the freedom of the media is concerned , but we have , at the same time , developed relations in order to create economic cooperation and a dialogue characterised by trust .
According to the Göteborg conclusions , Ukraine is a country which , together with Moldova , will , in future , be invited to participate in the European conference .
In that context , there was naturally a great deal of talk about the Kyoto issue , about which we most certainly do not , of course , have the same views - a fact which there was no point at all in concealing .
On the contrary , there is reason for conducting a very open and tough debate , because we believe that the United States is not complying with those obligations it had earlier sent signals it was prepared to stand by .
Relations with the United States are not just about Kyoto .
The Middle East is the European Union ' s neighbour .
Think too of North and South Korea , where the peace process must continue and be brought to a conclusion .
That is the signal .
We were able to establish that these processes must now also be integrated into the Lisbon process .
It is my feeling that they never do when it comes to the issue of the environment .
Obviously , we also discussed the economic issues in Göteborg .
Let me say that it would not have been possible to arrive at that decision but for the very active support of Parliament .
We obtained a compromise along the right lines .
It will dominate the Belgian presidency and will , when 2004 comes around , result in a major decision being taken .
Let it be just such a broad debate .
Let it be a debate on what the European Union is , in actual fact , aiming for and on what it wants to do , and let there then be a discussion on how this is to be achieved .
Progressively structure the debate as a proper Intergovernmental Conference aimed at making the European Union more rational and more powerful .
It has been incredibly worthwhile for us , and it is something I want to thank you for .
Finally , I want to thank all the officials in the Commission , in Parliament and in the Council who have supported us during the presidency .
I intend to do what I can to help ensure that my colleague , Mr Verhofstadt , is given all the constructive support he needs , in exactly the same way as I , during the Swedish presidency , have had extraordinarily fine support from Mr Chirac and Mr Jospin , the French president and prime minister .
What is that development to look like ?
It will grow and become a large Union with perhaps a further five , ten or perhaps still more Member States both in this Parliament and in the European Council .
Madam President , Prime Minister , honourable Members of the European Parliament , I naturally want to begin by thanking you for giving me the opportunity to come here and present the Commission ' s assessment of the European Council meeting in Göteborg .
First of all , the European Council has given us a fixed timetable for the first round of enlargement .
This strategy involves the European Union ' s undertaking to take certain measures to ensure that it will be possible for prosperity in Europe and the rest of the world to be maintained in the long term too .
We all condemn the violence , for stones can never replace arguments .
The objective is that they should participate in the European Parliament elections of 2004 as members ' .
The European Union ' s commitment to receiving new members has never been expressed more clearly or more precisely than in Göteborg .
In Göteborg , more details were provided of the timetable sketched out in the conclusions from the Nice Summit .
The prospects for a successful conclusion to the negotiations are now better than ever .
Consideration must be given to the social price which people in the candidate countries will have to pay .
Certainly , the meeting was unable to agree to all the individual measures and objectives listed by the Commission in its communication .
The Göteborg Summit means that the European Union is making significant progress along these lines .
That applies to all the institutions of the European Union .
That is important progress .
The European Council also noted that , in its plan of measures for better legislation - to be submitted to the European Council meeting in Laeken - the Commission will introduce mechanisms whereby all important political proposals will contain an assessment of how sustainability will be affected .
It is obviously an important task for MEPs , too