Parliament must be the exemplary institution during this formative period .
Precisely for that reason we gave you that opportunity .
This means that if the Commission does not satisfy every one of our demands , we cannot simply refuse to invest it and send it out into the street .
On Thursday we will vote here in Parliament on a clearly political reading of the budget .
The Commissioner is to a large extent responsible for the budgetary peace over recent years and I would , therefore , like to point out that , thanks to the agreements she and her team have presented at the last minute , we have managed to resolve certain complicated situations .
You are already aware that there has been a technical adjustment to the maximum limits of Headings 3 , 4 and 5 , which in themselves create an almost insoluble problem in terms of achieving the figures for the 2004 budget .
In Heading 5 – the heading in which agreement may , in principle , have seemed the easiest to reach – the Council took it upon itself to make cuts which reduced the administrative spending of the Commission and the other institutions to one and a half points below the amount provided for in the Commission 's preliminary draft and it is very difficult – as the Commissioner well knows – to maintain an administrative budget calculated to the last penny , if another institution then comes along and reduces it .
Thirdly , strengthening security , the fight against terrorism and the consolidation of a European immigration and asylum strategy .
And this is a message I would like to make very clear to the Commission and the Council : this first reading expresses a clear and unequivocal political compromise for the November negotiation .
We have also increased appropriations on measures to eradicate animal diseases and food safety , because they are also Parliament’s priorities .
Ladies and gentlemen , between 2000 and 2005 the number of decentralised Agencies has increased from 7 to 23 – this was Parliament’s idea ; I remember the budgetary procedure during which we adopted it .
We have already agreed on a package acceptable to the political groups .
Taking account , therefore , of the suggestions of the Committee on Development and the Committee on Foreign Affairs , we have requested that this heading be funded with the new resources provided for in the Interinstitutional Agreement in the additional sum of EUR 190 million .
I would also like to join the other Members in offering Commissioner Schreyer our best wishes in the next stage of her life , while not forgetting that Commissioners leave but officials remain .
If we want to open a debate on that , it will have to be about bull-fighting : this aid is not for Spain’s national fiesta .
They are Amendments Nos 98 and 99.
At the time when this House was approving the current financial perspectives , we were perfectly aware that certain headings were insufficient to cover the needs we already knew about in 1999 .
This year , the problems which were already becoming obvious in Heading 3 , ‘Internal Actions’ , have finally come to a head .
And I believe that politicians can provide more solutions to the problems faced by our society than accountants and I say this with every respect for accountants .
It must be able to choose , select , specify , emphasise and , above all , prioritise .
If we want terrorism to be eradicated one day , we must not just use force , but also intelligence , and if we use our intelligence we will realise that very often the scourge we are facing is led by educated people who find a perfect breeding ground amongst the wretched of the Earth .
Nevertheless , the very fact that that possibility is on the table clearly demonstrates not just the need to carry out a reform of the United Nations , but also the essential need to consider the structural injustice that distorts relations between the human beings and peoples of the planet .
I believe , therefore , that , in accordance with our respective competences , but always in a coordinated fashion , we three Institutions can and must promote sustainable development and appropriate management of globalisation , encouraging New Delhi to wage a decisive war against poverty , in which I am sure it can count on the cooperation of the Union .
Since we believe it to be an insult to my country , Spain , and probably to two other countries of the Union , I would call on the Vice-President of the Commission for a specific rectification and on acting-President Prodi to intervene .     Mr President , Commissioner , allow me to insist : in a developed part of the world like our own , with a market economy , the best explanation for the feminisation of poverty is the persistence of differing employment standards according to gender .
The high number of lone women immigrants , whose family burdens are not shared with anyone , who undoubtedly face two-fold discrimination on grounds of origin and on grounds of gender , oblige us , Commissioner , to pay much more specific attention to women immigrants .
I do not know what the PPE-DE Group wants to do : perhaps they should give out ear protectors to the dolphins and whales .
Mr President , before we begin the vote , I would like to say that we have travelled a long way in the Committee on Budgets .
Amendment No 69 , in line 04 03 03 03 , is accepted with a sum of EUR 600 000 .
But if you are asking me