but unfortunately under-utilised opportunity for Europe to export to and cooperate with third countries in the field of renewable energies , and also proposes a practical plan of action .
It should first and foremost serve as a point of coordination , encourage the foundation of export cooperatives , link these up with strong partners in the target countries and support premarketing activities .
For us , however , it is an enormous opportunity to progress through positive economic cooperation within the various development scenarios and agreements and , through cooperative partnership , to not only export new technologies but develop them jointly with our partners in the developing countries , within the framework of joint ventures .
Secondly , we must also make the necessary organisational decisions .
I have been in Parliament for 20 years now and rarely has there been such a good report as the one he has written .
Madam President , our group fully supports the factual , in-depth report by Mr Elchlepp .
The collapse of the financial system in the Far East has led to weaker market demand there .
Instead , we need to develop strategies , at the core of which must be , not moralistic advice , but well-understood self-interest .
We can only get to grips with these developments through cooperation , joint strategies and a joint problem-solving approach .
The President cut the speaker off
Economically , we should have no illusions .
What I regard as important is not so much economic competition but a policy that is independent of the United States .
That is why , even in a neutral country such as Sweden , there is no question at all about having a national defence system of its own .
The same applies to the Airbus .
You could call it agricultural policy transposed to the arms industry .
To hold the armed forces responsible for the environmental damage does not take us forward , for it would put an unacceptable burden on the defence budget , limited as it is .
Mr President , the Christian Democrats support the line taken by the Commission and the rapporteur , whom we thank for his good report .
As Members we are in an extremely difficult situation in regard to China .
I would add that transparency must also be a basic guiding principle .
It would be not just absurd but in fact inconsistent with the very principle of subsidiarity to also deprive them de facto of the instrument of national aid .
We cannot wait another seven years for the assent provisions of the Amsterdam Treaty to enter into force .
The list of 85 cases of tax reliefs , some of which are reminiscent of tax have ns , currently before us speaks volumes .
That does not mean that the Commission 's endeavour to bring about greater coherence is wrong as such .
I also believe that these measures will have to be accompanied by the development of safeguards in the areas of health , agriculture and ecological protection , because as the change in climate becomes ever more apparent , dangers will emerge that we may never have contemplated .
The reduction we saw in the first half of this decade , which has now given way to further increases , can be explained away .
Above all , we have to ask ourselves how this can be funded .
Here too , I would ask you to answer the questions my fellow Members have been asking .
That was naturally very gratifying .
Even though I myself do not believe it is necessary to treat many foodstuffs with radiation , because I share the rapporteur 's view that the healthiest food is local produce consumed when it is ripe , I believe that labelling is of great importance to consumers as a means of indicating to them what they are buying and what they can expect from their purchases .
The legal position in the various Member States has hitherto been unduly disparate .
My second point is that we have always pressed for labelling , so that every consumer can choose whether or not to buy one of this limited range of treated food products .
But for ten years I have been putting the case for this directive to the Council ; for ten years I have been advancing these arguments - and this applies to many parliamentary debates too , by the way - and it has been like talking to a brick wall .
Commissioner , I have absolutely no idea why you should be pillorying Parliament .
As part of the package of proposals , the Commission suggested that additional payments be made from the EU budget to the ACP banana producers .
It surely cannot be right , when everyone believes that Europe 's purpose in this market organisation , in everything we do in the banana business , is to protect the small and independent growers against the large multinationals , if we table an amendment to precisely that effect , specifying that support payments are to be made to small and independent growers and not to multinational concerns , and if this amendment is then rejected .
This development was referred to when we assessed the implementation of the reform package .
The Commission is trying to find sensible solutions to this diverse set of problems .
Moreover , the amended voice telephony directive provides for special tariffs for low-income users , price ceilings and affordability criteria in Article 3 and prescribes special measures for disabled users and users with special social needs in Article 8.
Parliament , through the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy , has called for a marked increase in the thresholds , and I believe , Commissioner , that the Commission ought to display considerably more courage in this matter than it has done in the past