, in the programme connected with this visit the group is described as a delegation and in particular Mr Goodwill , MEP , is described as leader of the delegation .
I can make this programme available to you .
This puts the whole visit in an entirely different context .
There was a formal delegation which I chaired from Parliament to the USA in June and there is an understandable confusion when another group of MEPs some three weeks later arrive in the USA , to all intents and purposes also a European Parliament delegation .
I have reports that the comments of these parliamentarians were from the wilder shores of the EPP Group and were notable for their anti-European content .
Mr President , on a point of order I can inform the House that in no way did the visit by Members from the UK, Sweden and Germany wish to be described as a delegation .
We were merely visiting the United States as a group organised from within our own national groups .
We did not represent the EPP Group , we certainly did not wish to usurp the role of the official delegation .
I contest the point made about the views expressed during that visit as being particularly extreme .
We represented the views of our national parties over there as well as the views expressed within the European Parliament .
Vice-President , thank you for giving me the floor .
With your permission I would like to re-raise the point of order that I tried to make just before the votes this morning .
I will re-read the point that I wanted to make .
I currently chair the European Parliament 's delegation for relations with the United States of America and would like to raise a point of order under Parliament 's rules concerning parliamentary delegations .
It has come to my attention that a group of EPP Members visited the USA in July .
Normally I would regard this as a private matter , but in the programme for the visit , which I can supply to you , the group is described as a delegation and in particular Mr Robert Goodwill , MEP , is described as leader of the delegation .
This of course puts the visit in an entirely different context .
An official delegation from Parliament , which I headed , visited the United States of America in June .
I think that you will understand that confusion may well arise when another group of MEPs arrives in the USA some three weeks later as , to all intents and purposes , a second European Parliament delegation .
I know that there was a strong anti-European tone to their reports , and this , of course , is a matter for the EPP , but when damaging and derogatory remarks about the European Union stem from what is purported to be an official visit from the European Parliament , I feel that the matter should be raised here .
I would ask you as a matter of urgency to investigate whether Parliament 's rules have been broken .
Could you also ascertain whether the Members concerned had a formal invitation from relevant bodies in the USA and intend to declare their visit in the Members ' register of interests ?
I will of course pass on the other documentation that I have received .
Approval of the Minutes of the previous sitting Mr President , our debate today reveals a continuing difficulty at the heart of the European Union 's approach on foreign policy .
Is the intention to give an enlarging group of European nations a stronger voice on the world stage and improve the coordination and effectiveness of their policies on a range of issues ?
If so , I can support this .
Or is the ambition to move towards a European state , with its own foreign and security policy backed by its own diplomatic service and army ?
This concept I wholeheartedly reject .
It is certainly not wanted by the British people , nor , I believe , is it wanted by many of the citizens in the rest of Europe .
They have never been asked in honest terms .
Mr Patten today reiterated his view that for the indefinite future there will be national foreign ministers .
But this is only half the problem .
What will be the content of their jobs in ten years ' time if the EU continues on its present course ?
After all , once EMU is fully established there will still be finance ministers in the euroland countries .
But how much real responsibility will they have ?
Clearly there are many in this House who are quite open in their advocacy of a single foreign ministry for Europe and the Galeote Quecedo report which was voted on today with its proposals for a permanent Community diplomatic service is , I am afraid , a step in this direction .
I am also concerned by the extent to which many want to define European foreign policy in terms of its distinctiveness from the United States policies , sometimes even deliberate hostility to the United States positions .
A priority for the European Union must surely be to break out of this antagonistic mindset and instead seek , as a primary aim , to contribute to western solidarity .
The best forum for dealing with security policy issues is NATO rather than the European Union and the danger is that the common European security and defence policy , with its emphasis on an autonomous capability , will undermine the alliance which served us so well during more threatening times .
Mr President , can I first of all thank the President-in-Office for his opening remarks and especially his remarks about the good working relationship that we have had between the Parliament and the Council .
