going to close to as it is being moved to Spain and Manchester .
My question therefore equally concerns what the Commission is going to do to ensure that there is capacity in the Commission to monitor how aid is provided from both Community and state funds in future .
I understand the answer to mean that there could be a situation where there is a period of overlap because there is insufficient information .
That is at least how I understood your answer .
As such , I think it is quite excellent and I would just like to urge you , if the new treaty is very close to coming into force , not to hurry some things through on the basis of the old standards if new information is needed .
We are experts in taking money from businesses , after which we set up aid programmes which give part of the money back .
We are far behind the USA and Japan with regard to technological innovation .
That is why we in Europe also have twice the unemployment of the USA and three times the unemployment of Japan .
We have problems with flexibility , which is noticeably worse , perhaps because we in Europe cultivate rights instead of incentives , and rules instead of opportunities .
But those who cling to the jobs of the past restrict the jobs of the future .
The way to more jobs , better workplaces and a better environment and working environment is through innovation .
Christian Rovsing 's outstanding report rightly stresses that innovation is not created by laws and rules , but what you can do is remove burdens and hindrances and promote a competitive and rewarding business sector , and you can reward innovation .
We can foster a culture of independence , and the European institutions should also practise what they preach to others .
A huge number of Members were very happy with your original draft calendar for the part-sessions , which brought the July part-session forward by one week .
Can Mrs Green or Mr Martens explain this last minute change , which many of us are very unhappy about ?
Mr President , since this is a second reading , I will pay particular attention to the proposed amendments , but before I do so I would like to thank both the rapporteurs for the work that has been done so far .
The Group of the Liberal , Democratic and Reformist Party is able to support the five amendments from the committee , and I will return to one of them , but we cannot support Amendment No 6 tabled by the rapporteur .
In fact we think that in the general area there are some restrictions which are inappropriate considering that many different countries are going to cooperate and it is undeniable that the conditions are not the same in all countries .
As far as the penalty terms are concerned , I am confident that we can leave that kind of thing to the Commission .
I shall concentrate on Amendment No 2 where the Commission has included a contribution to a multinational approach as its final criterion .
The reason we put so much emphasis on this is , of course , because we are confronting the biggest task in Europe , the enlargement to include the central and eastern European countries , and this enlargement will only succeed if all forces concentrate on it .
Now Mrs Flemming is saying that it is only a question of sentences of at least three years .
And , secondly , is it at all reasonable to believe that environmental organizations will commit such crimes ?
They were convicted even through the action got the Finnish Agriculture Minister to close the fish farm .
This week a date was set for the trial of Bellona employee Alexander Nikitin .
He has now been charged with spying because he wrote a report on radioactive pollution in Murmansk .
I think we should vote against Amendment No 6 , and if Parliament does not assume this responsibility , then I hope that the Commission will reject it .
The reason why I have asked this question is , you see , because we are going to have a referendum in Denmark and because I shall be going out and explaining to the voters what is in the Amsterdam Treaty , and once they know , they will be able to decide how they want to vote .
And then I will also have to tell my constituents that they will have to buy a pig in a poke , that I cannot explain to them what the Council has written , and the Council will not explain to them what it has written ; that the Council thinks they should go and vote in a referendum completely in the dark because it thinks that they should have sufficient faith in it and expect everything to be surely interpreted for the best .
Not only do you write in a way which is incomprehensible , but you then refuse to explain it before a referendum .
I would like to thank the President-in-Office of the Council for that excellent answer , but I have just a few things I would like to ask him about .
How are our trade relations with the area developing ?
Are we not , in fact , politically in a situation like the one in connection with South Africa when apartheid existed , when , fortunately , Europe realised , if a little late , that continuous strong pressure should be brought to bear to change the conditions in the country .
It is human rights that are under attack .
And , as you know , this Parliament is very concerned about the situation of the elected representatives in Burma