Ninety-five per cent of those infected with HIV live in developing countries .
The price varies from NLG 30 000 to NLG 450 .
The fight against AIDS in Africa must therefore be given the highest priority .
The social infrastructure must also be called upon : women ' s organisations , trade unions , schools ; we must involve these much more in the battle against life-threatening diseases .
Women who almost float along , who are kept apart by curtains on public transport , who are obliged to give up their jobs ... time and time again they are kept apart , and time and time again they are humiliated , abused and sold short .
Her criticism of the iconoclasm was too stinging and so the press bureau , which had existed since 1950 , had to close .
Twenty years after Zimbabwe ' s independence , we can only establish that the Mugabe government has not achieved a great deal .
Zimbabwe is not only in chaos , it is under a reign of terror .
I shall continue in French in order to show that indeed we must have a common stance .
This is an important element .
I myself know of many dozens of cases of parents in Belgium whose children have been kidnapped and taken to Tunisia , Morocco , Lebanon and even to America , and also in the European Union many children are denied the right to one of their parents .
Although it only deals with one case , it still reflects the issue which has a European and even international dimension .
We are all familiar with the many conventions , Article 24 of the EU' s Fundamental Rights Charter , the treaties of The Hague , and the many real-life cases , as Mrs Van Lancker mentioned a moment ago .
I can foresee two large obstacles which will stand in the way of finding solutions .
On humanitarian grounds , we have no choice but unequivocally to condemn the kidnapping of citizens .
In addition , local disputes regarding natural resources are increasingly fierce .
In my opinion , the international community has to take great care and must make sure that it is ready to grant the lawful government the necessary aid , for the poor are fighting the poor and , at the end of the day , this is an issue of poverty .
It is therefore understandable that difficulties should arise , and neither is it all that difficult to let the tensions between population groups escalate .
Turkmenistan , a republic in Central Asia , is blessed with generous oil and gas reserves .
Whoever dares to speak up is immediately imprisoned for years .
I therefore also call on the Commission to obtain information about Shagildy Atakov and to intervene with the Turkmen authorities on his behalf .
I call on the Commission to employ all available means to reinforce mainstream society , to strengthen a true multiparty system and to promote free and independent media .
Mr President , since the end of the Cold War , the distribution of light weapons has become a worldwide issue ; this is a phenomenon which is fomenting both street crime in our part of the world and civil wars in the Third World .
Europe must call for the stricter monitoring and penalisation of transfer countries of this kind .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , it is enough to give you nightmares .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , Commissioner , at one time , the Mongolian nomadic armies under the command of Genghis Khan instilled fear across the world .
The ECHO funds are appropriate here , and it would be to the European Union ' s credit if more TACIS funds were to be spent on stimulating this democratic rarity in Central Asia .
Indeed , we must repudiate discrimination at all times .
At the end of the day , this is about a few priests who spent some time in Africa and who displayed behaviour which was naturally wholly inappropriate and which we do not endorse at all .
Madam President , my group understands all too well that this subject is of an extremely sensitive nature .
( Parliament rejected the request )
Madam President , you will shortly be paying an official visit to the Netherlands .
In this light , the testing of cosmetics on animals pales into insignificance .
After all the respite which the cosmetics industry has been granted , we should clarify the matter once and for all .
Mr President , allow me to start by thanking Mr Sacconi .
We , as the Group of the European People ' s Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats , welcome the Green Paper and are in favour of an integrated approach which , on the one hand , protects the environment and health , and , on the other , guarantees the smooth operation of the internal market , whilst also very much taking into account the interests of employment .
As phthalates are rarely used in other plastics , their primary application is in soft PVC.
This brings me to production and incineration in general .
This should therefore be closely monitored .
It appears that PVC also has certain advantages as a material .
Meanwhile , we do not wish to place PVC under a ban , but we do want to handle it with care .
Mr President , I would be exaggerating if I said that we cannot wait for the Commission ' s legislative proposals .
When we consider a replacement policy , we must give serious consideration to the ideal characteristics of the product for which there might not be an alternative .
This is what we call bulk PVC , and includes