arguments which I wish to place before this House as to why it is important to have EU legislation .
It is a great problem when you do not hear the arguments , but you merely come in with your own loaded thoughts .
Indeed , it is a great shame , and I hope that Mrs Villiers will come back some time and perhaps pay a visit to our committee so she can hear some of the debate about this report as well - because I noticed that she disappeared soon after she made her point - maybe we will read about that in the papers as well .
Finally , I would like to say to Mr Bushill-Matthews , who is here , that the journalist on the Daily Mail , to which you sent your press releases on this report , rang me back and asked me about a specific amendment that contained your phraseology and your words , which he said was the nonsense part of this whole directive .
Perhaps you can correct him instead of correcting us .
Mr President , perhaps I can begin by saying the introduction of the title of our debate no doubt had many Daily Mail journalists salivating , but the issues that we are considering are fundamental issues that go to the heart of what the European Union is all about .
That is the development of a true , single market ; because if we were able to achieve a true , single market , not only might we find more unanimity within this Chamber , but we should be well on the way to serving our constituents by ensuring that we achieve real economic progress in Europe .
Therefore , this particular piece of legislation falls within that context .
There are a number of ways in which competition policy is important in driving this agenda forward .
The Commissioner , and I congratulate him for it , has seized the initiative in terms of the application of state-aid policy ; we will be debating that in the second session in Strasbourg in connection with another report which I am currently taking before the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs .
The other major area that Commissioner Monti has been busy with is the modernisation of competition policy itself .
We are awaiting the outcome of the Commissioner ' s review of over 100 responses to his White Paper on the reform of restrictive trade practices and the abuse of market power .
Earlier today I heard that we may receive the result before the end of this month ; perhaps we will hear more from the Commissioner about that in due course .
The reform that we are looking at , according to the Commission itself , forms part of the overall agenda of reform .
Within that context , I want to say to the Commissioner that business is looking for a number of things .
It is certainly looking for the things that the Commission was seeking consultees from about whether the current regulations have become too legalistic , too bureaucratic and could be simplified .
I have no doubt that the Commissioner ' s proposals will achieve that simplification .
Business is looking for the development of confidence in the whole range of new mechanisms which the Commissioner is seeking to bring forward as part of its overall reform package .
I would therefore ask the Commission how he sees this specific reform , which is not controversial , in the context of his wider reform of competition policy which , as he well knows , might be generously said to be slightly more controversial .
May I turn to some of the detailed areas in the particular proposals that the Commission has asked Parliament to comment upon .
Firstly , I welcome this process .
The Commissioner is inviting Parliament to express its views in relation to the paper that was produced in April of this year .
In essence there are a number of areas where , having agreed with the thrust of the reform being taken forward , I feel that the Commission might give the matter further thought .
Firstly , I would like the Commissioner to explain why there is a contrast between the treatment of horizontal restraints and vertical restraints .
I would like the Commissioner to indicate whether , in due course , it is his intention to see further exemption categories specified in the legislation .
I have indicated that businesses are strongly of the view that the duration of exemption in the cases of research and development should be expanded up to a period of ten years .
Since the Commission ' s own papers make it clear that horizontal cooperation agreements are generally not made in order to work against the interests of consumers , I would be grateful to see what the Commissioner ' s response is in that particular area .
I would also be grateful to have clarification of the position regarding trade supplies , not least because that is an issue that troubles Mr Berenguer Fuster .
I know he has tabled amendments in relation to that .
I am particularly concerned to ensure that we take all steps to avoid a re-nationalisation of EU competition law and I would be grateful to hear what reassurances we can have from the Commissioner in that area .
Finally , business would prefer a lengthier transition period ; they would also prefer the Commission to look at more than just the market share in assessing market power .
For these purposes what the Commission proposes may be appropriate , but deciding market power solely by assessing market share is too inexact a science .
Mr President , the Commission ' s plans to slash export refunds will cost the EU' s food and drink processors an estimated EUR 145 million per year