I saw again Fatuzzo the seafarer who , aged 20 , was sailing a magnificent cruise ship from New York to the Bahamas and back - the good ship Oceanic - flying a European flag : there were dances , elegant clothes , money being spent everywhere .
At the same time , this is the first budget to be established according to the new Activity-Based Budgeting presentation .
This represents an increase of 0.4 % over the 2003 budget .
In particular , we endeavoured to comply with the annual expenditure ceilings set by the Financial Perspective for 2002-2006 , to leave , where possible , adequate margins below the ceiling for the various headings , with the exception of headings 2 and 7 , and , lastly , to provide sufficient funding for the European Union 's various priorities .
The third principle was the identification of genuine requirements within the financial envelope for internal policies , taking into account the possibilities for implementation of appropriations and bearing in mind the need to maintain a margin below the ceiling for that heading of the Financial Perspective .
While agreeing to a rigorous approach for heading 5 , the Council stressed that the appropriations and the items necessary for the success of enlargement should be provided for in the 2004 budget .
The Council 's concern regarding the level of payment appropriations is even more understandable and important in the current economic climate , in which - as you are all aware - national budgets are facing serious difficulties .
Moreover , EUR 22 million in payment appropriations proposed by the Commission for the scrapping of fishing vessels have not been accepted , consistently with the rejection of corresponding commitment appropriations in 2003 .
I feel that the Council has provided adequate funding for priorities within heading 3 .
One : leaving an adequate margin within the ceiling under heading 5 , in the interests of sound financial management .
Eight : accepting the pensions appropriations , after making allowance for the impact of the revision of the Staff Regulations .
I am sure that all three Institutions represented here today - European Parliament , Council and Commission - will do their utmost to give the European Union the necessary means to take up the challenges that await us , bearing in mind that this budget is ultimately financed , as always , by the citizens of the European Union .
I would , however , like to focus on what may be a painful aspect of the budget - we must exercise caution when it comes to the appropriations for Iraq .
Personally , I have some misgivings about these appropriations : there is a danger that they will grow out of all proportion .
In this and in all other matters , I would like to wish the Council , in particular , good luck in its work , proud to be able to say that I , too , am an Italian representative .
I am afraid that the impression we often receive is that the priorities established by Parliament are not adhered to .
In actual fact , this clause , formally included in agreements with third countries , is often disregarded by those who should be enforcing it .
I believe that the consideration which I have just illustrated deserves , in all respects , as stated by the draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on Foreign Affairs , Human Rights , Common Security and Defence Policy , the support of the House in the final vote on the budget .
I would therefore like to say a word in defence of the Council - which has been somewhat ill-treated , so to speak , by some of the Members in their speeches - and explain that , in cases such as this , the Council has the task of seeking to realise and harmonise many different expectations .
.
I , too , Mr Wurtz , am extremely sensitive to the need for the trade unions to be fully informed and made aware of these issues , just as the public authorities need to be aware of how the trade unions are coping with them .
Mr Wurtz said that the Commission has discretionary power in the field of competition which is not subject to control .
It is not , therefore , such an inflexible , blinkered policy as might be imagined at first glance .
Then , as regards to the difference between the professions of notary and huissier , I do not think it is at all relevant : they are both , in any case , occupations , professions , which deserve the greatest respect , as , I believe , does the job of European Commissioner .
Mr Lange described the European Commission 's attitude as 'arrogant and dogmatic ' - I believe these were the words he used .
Of course , the loss of currently existing jobs from a specific area is always going to have a higher profile than the other jobs we manage to save elsewhere in Europe by ensuring respect for the rules .
That is why the matter before us is not an easy one to resolve .
It is absolutely vital that we stop the wastage taking place in the different pension systems of the States of Europe .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , a number of key dates have been mentioned repeatedly in this affair .
The first is , without a doubt , 5 March 2003 , when the United States asked airlines operating between the United States and Europe to make available all the data relating to passengers : absolutely all the data , not just , as had been the case thus far , the data necessary for air transport agreements .
It is right that the Commission should raise its