How much more should the United Kingdom pay ?
I believe the statement you made today reflected that spirit of German continuity in its European policy and forms a basis for constructive cooperation on a number of issues in the coming months .
Europe is too important to be wrongly blamed .
I do not approve of that , which is why I welcome your call for transparency .
Secondly , they must realise that this is not just a question of agricultural prices , export refunds and compensatory payments , important as they are .
After the inglorious outcome of the negotiations between Holbrooke and Milosevic I said that the day is drawing near when the west will reproach the Kosovo Albanians for not finally giving in .
For there is nothing they can do where they are .
We have applauded Mr Rugova here in this Chamber but on the other hand - and this is a contradiction - we verbally support the actions of the KLA .
The introduction of the euro is more or less a fait accompli .
But I would like to say that for you simply to dismiss what I said as emotional is male arrogance , and I am happy to return the insult .
We can only defend ourselves against this accusation by ensuring greater transparency and democratic control .
If we are to build the Europe of the future , we need the participation of all concerned , not least for the sake of our credibility .
That , after all , is the reason for the dilemma we now find ourselves in .
In that respect a number of improvements are still needed after the experiences of 1995 .
Its name is democracy .
The only way to turn this Union into a democracy now is through a constitutional process .
Furthermore , for the future I hope that the main political parties will fight the campaign for the election of the European Parliament with a supranational top candidate who also aspires to the office of President of the Commission .
Many Lithuanian economic sectors will not be able to do without state aid for some time at least , in the course of adjusting to the EU acquis in competition law .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , in the case of Romania too the Committee on External Economic Relations is pleased to note that the necessary approximation of Romanian competition provisions to EU rules and the cooperation between competition authorities can develop satisfactorily .
The more active the role Romania plays in the joint projects between the EU and the Trans-Caucasian republics , especially Georgia and Azerbaijan , in relation for instance to transport networks including energy transport networks , the sooner it can realise its potential in a European market that will soon become larger with the accession of Hungary , Poland and Slovakia and thus improve its balance of trade and balance of payments .
But that is not the only problem ; another is that other aspects that in fact play a part in strengthening or creating markets have not advanced at the same pace .
But this situation could become consolidated if only because that is how it was in the past .
I pointed out earlier that the Romanian refineries in Ploesti are due to be modernised and that Romania plays a key role as a link between the Trans-Caucasian oil-producing countries such as Kazakhstan , but also and in particular Azerbaijan .
Here I could well imagine a combination of private-sector and Community measures , in order to achieve the best results .
It offers such bad wines bought outside the Union that nobody wants to consume them .
Moreover , incentives must be created and enhanced so that the developing countries can be induced to observe the basic social standards - in other words , no sanctions and no concealed protectionism .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I am certainly very pleased that we in Parliament are now recognising the right of employees throughout the world to decent working conditions .
That had been disputed for many years .
We need clear guidelines so that , when it comes to certain practices which have become established in one or other of the Member States , it can be made clear that the practice in question has to stop .
If I may cite a few examples , satellite-guided air traffic control will make the work of flight controllers easier , thereby ensuring greater passenger safety .
So GMSS really does have enormous market potential , and Europe can perhaps provide the world 's first civilian supplier in this segment of the market .
Only three things have to be regulated in this context : the conditions for guaranteeing the reliable identification of the person communicating by means of an electronic medium , whether digital or binary , the integrity of the transmitted information and the legal status of electronic or digital signatures .
I believe we all agree that the entry into force of this directive is a matter of extreme urgency , since it will put an end to the tangled mass of disparate legal provisions that are hampering the single market in the domain of electronic signatures , a crucial aspect of cross-border electronic transactions .
It is therefore high time that this material was incorporated into a uniform European framework , otherwise there is a danger that we shall eventually have 15 different laws on digital signatures with a variety of different standards .
Regrettably , there are also some rather inappropriately worded amendments , such as nos 8 , 15 and 23 , which my group feels have overshot their target , namely to formulate the text more precisely .
That , I have to say , is an old parliamentary failing , which I have often mentioned before .
We