ones , such as in terms of contents production , the information society or the transport/telecommunications sector which give the term "industrial structure ' , which Mr Caudron rightly uses , a whole new meaning .
The field in which Europe , both at Community and national level , has a genuine need to catch up , is industrial research .
There is another possibility which we introduced in the debate and which Mr Caudron also mentioned : benchmarking .
If we examine this closely - and I believe there can be no general assertions which are correct - we can see some positive aspects .
I have now come to believe that if there is to be any point to such a debate on competitiveness and jobs we must have the courage to set this priority .
Then we will see that we are not in such a bad position .
It is almost like real life and yet there are some important differences .
However , it does require the actors involved to take on a considerable degree of responsibility , which must go further than non-binding rules .
We are a little proud of the fact that since the beginning of electronic commerce we have been the opinion leaders , to a certain degree , perhaps not in terms of the fact that the subject is already such an important one here - in the USA it is only in its early stages - but more so in view of what it means in terms of development and what we have to do to promote this development .
When we clarified this there were no further concerns .
For this reason there is no cause for concern .
If it is not guaranteed many people will refrain from using it .
I am quite glad that Mrs Mann has come back as I felt quite alone when she went away .
Mr President , I can limit myself to speaking briefly , although in doing so I would not quite do justice to the significance and quality of the report .
The old number , which is known , can no longer be used .
Everyone would be able to interpret it as they wished .
Of course we also want to contribute to a solution and we assumed two basic requirements .
In order to ensure that no claims for damages are brought against them , all these people will label the products with " contains . . ' .
I consider this report to be very important indeed .
The Intergovernmental Conference has agreed that the common institutions should use every means to improve their functioning without any change in the Treaties .
Mr President , the European Parliament must fight for its democratic rights .
The attitude of mind which prevails on this issue in this House can be seen in recent events , when the majority groups actually used the protest demonstrations - which are quite normal , which have occurred hundreds of times in the history of this House , and which still go on - as a motive simply for conjuring up images of the downfall of democracy .
I would just like to say one more thing .
As these examples show , the claims which have been made simply do not live up to reality .
Madam President , I am presenting this explanation of vote on behalf of my Group , namely the Green Group in the European Parliament .
In 1989 Milosevic acted unconstitutionally in annulling Kosovo 's autonomy and he is without doubt also guilty of those crimes against humanity which were recently perpetrated in that country .
This sad decline has for years been accompanied by anxious resolutions from the European Parliament , which have basically done no more than lag behind events with half-hearted measures aimed at risk limitation .
We are also still owed an answer as to the nuclear waste , for this material certainly cannot be sold to Russia .
The Guatemalan government has recently shown how anxious it is to establish peace and order .
Democratic states are quite rightly not very keen on banning political parties , for such bans soon get a reputation for being themselves undemocratic and for stifling political activity and freedom of speech .
This must apply to everyone , even members of the Fazilet Party .
But that is not enough .
So it comes as no surprise to me that some of the ideas contained in his proposals are rather confusing .
In view of this new situation , the German Bundestag is currently deciding about easing national regulations on arms exports in order to improve Germany 's position as an arms trader .
We support your efforts to apply certain conditions to this agreement , such as those which seek to reduce the dominance of both companies in the transatlantic route to and from London and to ensure that there is fair competition on the transatlantic routes .
The Commission should only intervene when a violation of competition law has actually occurred .
I also see that we need this interconnection when it comes to the modal split with rail transport , so that at the push of a button the traveller knows which system is better , which is cheaper and , furthermore , which is more environmentally friendly .
In this respect , codification is something the Commission should be following up .
Such a commitment should ensure greater personal responsibility .
When the WHO held a conference on genetic diversity in Leipzig in 1996 , the EU was the only region in the world which was able to present such a programme .
However , such a system has made the inspection process somewhat more cumbersome .
The report makes a reference to this and indicates that inspectors have to be given greater independence to carry out their work without pressure from other quarters .
