In the Committee on Development , we proposed EUR 80 million .
Hopefully that is not just pie in the sky .     . – The Commission ’s legislative programme for 2006 illustrates a concept of Europe that is now obsolete : - an antidemocratic Europe , following an underhand ‘plan D’ to force on us a constitution that the French and Dutch rejected ; - a Europe without borders , open to worldwide immigration , allowing , in particular , the hundreds of thousands of illegal immigrants regularised in Spain and Italy to settle in other Member States ; - an antisocial Europe , which , by implementing the ultraliberal Lisbon Strategy , causes our businesses to relocate and dismantles our employment law ( the Bolkestein directive , which Mr Chirac promised in April was dead and buried , will once again be put to a vote here in Parliament ) ; - a Europe with no identity , which , by opening accession negotiations with Turkey , an Asiatic , Muslim country , will soon be European only in name ; - an antinational Europe , dissolving our nations into a bureaucratic superstate .
It is completely contrary to our traditions for people to be detained with no access to the outside world and no opportunity to defend themselves .
The representatives have called on MEPs to do as they did two years ago and reject this directive that is both pointless and harmful , when it comes back to Parliament .
For example , the Commission can open a possible infringement procedure against a Member State , but it can only do so if a violation of fundamental rights has been observed with regard to the application of Community law .
We need to be vigilant on a daily basis .
These crimes are taking place in a particularly worrying international context , in countries such as Egypt , Lebanon and Senegal .
This mechanism must not only enable recurring problems prejudicing the quality of the European debate to be resolved , but also , with regard to the ‘fair return ’ debate , enable a balance to be struck between the rights and duties of those residing in the European Union .
Through these requirements and these desires expressed by the European Parliament , it is indeed a question of developing the Union into a real political community .
The report sharply underlines our shortcomings with regard to combating the trade in , and trafficking of , women , adolescents and children .
The aim of the round must continue to be one of ensuring that the trade rules serve development , and this must remain the EU’s goal , even though we know that it will mean us obtaining less than what we offer to our partners in the South , not least where market access is concerned .
This clearly shows that the ‘lowest price ’ policy does not work and that it is not viable in the long run .
This amounts to saying – and this is my fifth and final point – that the road to a reduction in customs duties is a dead end that should be consigned to the past .
If we , as democrats , do not do so , then we will pay a very high price in political terms , not least through the rise in extremism .     .
In the current legal context , maritime transport yields good results .
Yes , this directive is primarily designed to disguise a new and obvious failure on the part of the Union’s institutions .
You need to think along these lines in future when you design the new initiative .     Mr President , the port services directive presented to us for the second time completely overlooks the general interest and the improvement of the living conditions of Europeans .
Ninety percent of our European exports pass through our ports .
We are also faced with the high-speed development of the technologies used in the ports , which also brings a factor into play not present in the situation that prevailed when this proposal for a directive was devised .
It seems to me that , in a healthy democracy , there can be the opportunity to vote .
It was very helpful to have Parliament enlighten me on the Community’s external policy in the field of air transport .
With Parliament’s support , we are going to continue to call for new negotiating mandates .
The first phase of negotiations must unquestionably be devoted to improving the regulatory framework and the conditions relating to commercial operation .
I intend to pay a great deal of attention to safety and security issues , which sometimes urgently crop up in this sector .
Secondly , the demand for citizenship rights in the Member States to be harmonised , on the pretext that the differences between these rights bring about discrimination against non-Europeans who wish to acquire European citizenship as currently defined in the Treaties .
The right of every citizen to move and to reside freely on the territory of the Member States is intended as the central right of European citizenship .
If we are to combat all this organised human trafficking effectively , the first thing we must do is restore controls at the Member States’ internal borders .
Internally , this means maintaining the intervention system for a time so as to guarantee market stability during the next four years , which we all know will be difficult economically .
The third aspect of the reform is concerned with the sector ’s future through the development of alternative outlets .
While the measures proposed are different , their philosophies converge along the lines of adapting the ‘Everything But Arms ’ initiative .
It has brought appreciable changes to the initial reform plan .
Despite Mr  Fruteau’s laudable efforts , we are set