of international law , a violation of borders , an invasion of another country , can be excused because the Iraqi government is unable to control that part of the country .
Will it manage not to make millions of jobless the victims of the logic of numbers and international competition ?
The European Union seems to have forgotten the dreams of its founding fathers .
If all of these reforms really come about we have no right to sacrifice that Europe on the altar of a technocratic operation of doubtful effectiveness .
The same can be said for some of the ideas outlined by Mrs Randzio-Plath .
It is clear , Mr President , that this social and economic model is completely contrary to workers ' interests , and that is why we shall fight to overturn it .
It is the duty of the Council to admit the failure of a policy when that failure has occurred .
The least we could have expected to be done as a result of the new guidelines would have been to sound an alarm signal and admit failure .
Already one prime minister has fallen after losing his hearing and others will do so in turn , Commissioner , and then perhaps we shall reach understanding as simple citizens and not as officials .
That is obvious from the large increase in life expectancy , well-known achievements in the field of vaccinations , and the amazing progress in diagnosis and surgical methods .
That could also be the case of some of the teams referred to in the rapporteur 's report but he wants to make them independent and give a licence to nondoctors who wish to carry out medical practices .
My sixth point is that everyone knows that it is impossible for any new medicine to be used by doctors unless it has undergone lengthy and documented tests so that responsibility can be taken for its circulation , something which again is overlooked in the report .
Mr President , I should like sincerely to congratulate the rapporteur , Mr Watts and the Commissioner , Mr Kinnock on this initiative , an initiative which has unjustifiably been delayed until today and which will perhaps make it possible for a safer and more humane functioning of passenger sea transport , with more respect for ordinary passengers .
Fourthly , as Mr Watts himself very rightly emphasized , we should call on shipping companies , at long last , to change their stance towards the public who travel on their ships : i .e . rather than just looking upon them as a source of profit , also looking upon them as citizens to whom they really do have an obligation to provide some kind of quality , efficient service .
I have to say that there is a story behind this .
We are talking about the minimum level of training of seafarers in third countries serving on ships flying European flags .
In particular , we voted against certain provisions of the report and unfortunately we are forced to vote against the report , in particular concerning Amendment No 10 , Amendment No 32 and Amendment No 33 .
This is an unacceptable amendment for us because it automatically binds the Member States , many of which have not yet ratified the STCW Convention .
As I said to you , the Commission has done some very good work and its amendment , as tabled , is one we can agree with .
Therefore , I shall repeat what I said at the beginning - we shall be voting against this report .
The trip was arranged for early May .
I am concerned about Greek , because as a member I must be able to participate .
The real issue , though , is that we cannot do our job .
Madam President , I too wish to compliment Mr Perry on his report and to thank him .
However , as a committee , it is not the same as the others .
It is form of ongoing check , a form of public scrutiny of Community law through the eyes of ordinary people who very frequently find themselves up against adverse circumstances in their everyday lives .
I think that this message is good news to very large numbers of people .
Mr President , the collection and analysis of all health data is obviously a necessary condition for the promotion and actualization of the Community 's competence in the field of health , as required by Article 129 of the Treaty on European Union , and for ensuring that Community programmes and actions in the field are structured in the best possible way .
These actions should have been taken immediately after the adoption of Article 129 .
We should not forget that the programmes that are devised , regardless of how important and detailed they are , may end up as texts in the eleven Community languages and make no effective contribution to public health in the Member States .
Both sources are regarded as attractive to tourists and are thus a focus of competition for profit .
The report of our excellent and experienced rapporteur Carmen Díez de Rivera Icaza covers the subject comprehensively and I agree with everything that it says .
It not just aircraft noise , which has very rightly been highlighted , and noise from factories that we are talking about .
I believe that we have a duty to examine this whole matter and to tackle it comprehensively .
Mr President , I have listened to the Commissioner but allow me to say that the situation in Bulgaria , as anyone who has visited that country will have noted , is such that we cannot not permit something that is absolutely vital to enabling that country to return to the path of good economic policy to be held up for bureaucratic and procedural reasons .
