If it had done that , our situation would be an easier one .
Whether it be four weeks or four months , the principle remains the same and indissoluble .
The ensuing discussion will create difficulties for us when it comes to selling Polish and Slovene accession to our public , and I hope that the Council is aware of this responsibility and is not thinking too much in the short term .
It is also true , however , that it repeatedly has to be pointed out by both sides that the European Union is not a cash dispenser .
They have resulted precisely in those who would have preferred not to commit themselves at present - and there were quite a number who would have preferred not to do so - now being forced to endorse the outcome of Helsinki once again , namely that Turkey clearly has candidate status , that it will be treated like any other candidate , that its prospects for membership are unqualified and clear and that it is encouraged to continue down that road .
That is why the date of 1 November emerged for the next Commission .
I find it all the more regrettable that three group chairmen this morning issued a press release on this important question , which really depends on a consensus in this House ; I think that was completely intolerable .
What happened ?
We talk about strengthening democracy and not just about salaries , we talk about the dignity of Parliament , whose Members represent 380 million citizens of the European Union , and not just about reimbursement and allowances .
I know there are still problems with primary law , but they can be solved and I would be very grateful if the Council would concentrate on this question and send us concrete pointers for a solution .
Is it those who make reference to a decision by a parliamentary committee or an opinion addressed to the presidency , or those who ignore that decision and want to start a parallel action ?
I would like to begin by thanking all the rapporteurs , and also the person who tabled the question , for the reports because they give us an overall view .
The scientists have also pointed this out .
Secondly , we propose a simplified system for the fishing effort , where we want to operate the effort not for each individual ship but for a group of ships .
Our proposal in this connection is a new basic regulation for the common fisheries policy as the cornerstone of the reform .
First , there is something I would like to make clear .
The fund will add the resources for scrapping that are yet to be reprogrammed to the resources already provided in the structural fund for fisheries .
Hardly a ray of hope for exhausted resources , more a fatal 'eyes down and charge ! '
Nor do I totally agree that we should call the voluntary scrapping measures proposed by the Commission into question .
It is not up to the Commission to take the decisions here ; this is a decision for the Council .
I must also reject Amendments Nos 24 , 31 and 99 , because our wording for the precautionary principle is in keeping with international maritime law and cannot therefore be watered down .
Now for your proposed amendments to the chapter on controls .
I can only accept the part of Amendments Nos 19 and 37 designed to promote the diversification of vessels out of fisheries .
In addition , more Senegalese fishermen and observers will be deployed on board our vessels , although fishing opportunities for our vessels have been cut back , in line with data from Senegalese scientists .
First of all , my thanks to you , Mr Lage , for your report .
Four : assuming we really mean it , the Lisbon strategy and an eco-social market economy will allow us , at long last , to get past the received wisdom of capital versus labour , social policy versus economic policy , public versus private sector , Europe versus the Member States .
Parliament has worked on this Commission proposal in a very focused manner , in a very focused and very concerted manner .
If we want to coordinate it , then we also need to pluck up the courage to talk about investments and about an offensive in this area in the face of around 8 % unemployment and a growth rate of under 1 % .
The main thing is that Parliament should be involved under an interinstitutional agreement , at the very latest by the time the Convention completes its reforms and the Treaty is amended .
Thirdly , on the future EU Member States : we need to integrate candidate countries at the very earliest opportunity if we want to achieve our ambitious aim of transforming the European Union into the most competitive , dynamic , knowledge-based economy in the world within eight years .
I am becoming more and more convinced that employee protection directives look very pretty on paper but that nobody actually wants to implement them .
I am delighted with this report .
The proposal for a directive , which provides for short-term residence permits to be issued to victims who cooperate with the competent authorities , is an important step .
I also support the proposals for law making that you have just mentioned .
That is a total repudiation of the role of this House - the European Parliament is being emasculated !
My justification for this is as follows .
As recently as last month , we drafted a resolution on this very important topic , and a form of words relating to this terrible accident was to have been incorporated in the declaration adopted in Copenhagen .
In paragraph