.     The Council has repeatedly explained to Albania that correctly conducting municipal elections in a lawful manner is part of the process of the country ’s with the European Union .
The serious failings demonstrated in the municipal elections of 12 October and 16 November 2003 , in particular in Imara , can only harm further with the Union .
Furthermore , the Council should soon adopt a decision on the conclusion of the readmission agreement between the European Community and Hong Kong .
Following the results of this study , the Council will be able to assess possible initiatives in response to the need to establish a research , documentation and statistical network on organised crime .
We must try to do more .
In the meeting held in Brussels on 16 and 17 October 2003 , the European Council invited the Council to examine the Commission proposal as soon as possible .
The EU would like to help Georgia and other countries of the Southern Caucasus to consolidate their relations with the European Union .
The Council concluded that exceptional circumstances exist which justify considering such aid to be compatible with the common market by derogation from Article 87 of the Treaty .
The Commission and the Member States have given substantial financial assistance to Armenia , Azerbaijan and Georgia since their independence in 1991 .
As soon as it does receive it , the Presidency will do everything necessary to ensure that it is swiftly adopted .     I am not in a position to give a detailed reply .
As we know , the main aim of all of the institutions is finally to have new legislation that allows European citizens to have equal opportunities and to have access , as soon as possible , to new , more powerful drugs , which are more selectiveand more easily tolerated than existing ones , hopefully at a reasonable price .
Finally , I hope that in Europe the pharmacovigilance system , which I outlined as a pharmacologist and that guarantees maximum protection of citizens , will be made more efficient and transparent .     Mr President , after this report on the legislative package regarding medicinal products  – a report that , as we have seen , made veins and pulses tremor – my report is like drinking a relaxing cup of camomile tea .
Nevertheless , at the request of an individual country  – and this was a reason for improving the directive – and with a reasoned opinion from the Technical and Scientific Committee for Herbal Medicinal Products of the European Agency for the Evaluation of Medicinal Products ( EMEA ) , the period of use of 15 years can be significantly reduced .
After all , the current directive defines the harmonised legislative framework for all countries of the European Union in favour of free movement of traditional herbal medicinal products within the Community .
The issue that is still a matter of disagreement is the age of retirement .
This is why we have to be politically flexible .
If we want the extremely important system of financial provisions for MEPs to progress , let us call it by its name .
We should , however , reserve the word ‘statute’ for a time when , like national parliamentarians , we have common rules for the other issues that had also been incorporated   – and which today have to be removed , or we imagine they will have to be removed , for a whole series of reasons   – but which remain fundamental .
I believe that the Italian Presidency must take the credit , even though the Constitution has not seen the light of day  – if Mr Antonione will allow me to say so , for this point which really is the most relevant .
It is true that small sacrifices have been made , but the issue now looks fairly clear and acceptable .
Furthermore , if the principle is one of equality , indeed material equality , it is difficult to understand why MEPs , from whatever State they may be , when carrying out their mandate , which is at least equal to , if not higher than , that of a national MP , may have fewer prerogatives than the latter .
The overwhelming majority of the Member States currently set retirement in public organisations at the age of 65 or over .
Let us call a spade a spade .
On the basis of this hypothesis , they have set up the necessary bodies to prevent , manage and resolve their crises , in particular the Peace and Security Council and the joint committee of the largest African States .
We sustained constant diplomatic activity , which took the form , not least , of a series of numerous EU Ministerial Troika missions to Africa .
The declarations of 22 September and 9 December , the mid-October visit of a European Ministerial Troika and the work of the European Union representative in the Monitoring Committee are evidence of this .
This could be the case in Burundi , where the first wholly African peacekeeping force is currently operating , which could be replaced by the United Nations within a year from now .
If wisely implemented , the Peace Facility could prove to be one of the most important instruments for the future of relations between Europe and Africa .
From the point of view of the implications , were the embargo against China to be lifted , the European Code of Conduct would , in any case remain applicable , the result being that , in reality , weapons exportation would not vary substantially .
Moreover , it should also be pointed out that Beijing has rejected the idea of making the lifting of the embargo dependent on tangible progress in human rights .
