What is of the essence , though , is what form it should take in practice , as it is only through a conversion appropriate to our economic structure that the financial sector including an essential pillar of the economy and its enterprises , above all the small and medium-sized ones , can actually be strengthened .
What emerged from Mrs Villiers ' and Mr Karas ' question today was important for me to learn , and so I ask you to add to it .
It will be a very rapid process .
So , Commissioner , please tell the President of the Commission , Romano Prodi , that , tomorrow , when we deal with Mr von Wogau 's report , with financial services and with everything we associate with ' Lamfalussy ' , we expect the Commission to take up a position in defence of Parliament 's rights vis-à-vis the Council of Ministers .
There is , though , a new regulation for those holders of the national visa issued by the Member States for longer-term residence who are not yet in possession of the residence permit .
Something that is also important is the possibility of making integration a criterion for the grant of a residence permit .
The inevitable conclusion is that the illegals are simply the logical consequence of the 'fortress EU' policy , and that is why I entertain no high hopes of major changes on this point from within Parliament , the Commission or the Council in the immediate future .
Starting with first reading in April 1999 , and , indeed , in the committee meetings before that , there were often major differences of opinion between the groups ; the rapporteur had to be agile - she was too - and the same was true for me as shadow rapporteur for the largest group , the PPE-DE.
Kralowetz is , though , also in essence a European problem .
The Commission has presented a new regulation on the harmonisation of certain social security regulations relating to road transport , which will , in consequence , soon be on Parliament 's agenda .
That is the situation we face .
Half of the total lent , about EUR 5.7 billion , was used for that purpose in 2000 .
It will , without doubt , be a matter for our concern that there may be a decreasing number of small and medium-sized banks and financial institutions available with which the European Investment Bank can manage the flow of its funds .
Competition of this sort will put the citizen in a stronger position and enhance Europe 's competitiveness .
We have , furthermore , gained the right to monitor outcomes , which is where President Prodi 's statement was extraordinarily important .
We all know how important it is that we catch up on the United States ' integrated market in terms of the productivity of capital .
This was , fortunately , clear today .
Today is an important day in the sense that it is now a matter of record that we recognise the knowledge and insight possessed by the experts , but at the same time that democratic control means that it is parliaments that , at the end of the day , decide on political objectives .
I recall the European Company , on which we are in agreement on matters of content but not at all as regards form , because we act on the basis of Article 95 and , in Nice , the Council pulled the legal basis for codecision from under our feet .
The insurers Allianz have said that they will only go into markets where they will be among the top three , and that , on an international level , will become a self-fulfilling prophecy .
If this hapless proposal from the Commission were to be implemented , there would also be a massively greater risk of smuggling , especially in the countries of the South and in post-enlargement Central Europe , because the price of cigarettes there would increase by between 200 % and 500 % .
The directive that the plenary has adopted today represents another important step .
These involve us telling the truth and not going along with irresponsible language .
We urge Arafat to provide information on this .
The point here is not the fact that something is being destroyed , but rather the reason why it is being destroyed .
We look on while Israeli tanks destroy Palestinian homes and kill Palestinian civilians and we also watch as Palestinians kill themselves and take equally innocent Israeli citizens with them .
This is not about denying Israel the right to defend itself against terrorism , but about our strongest condemnation and rejection of excessive courses of action that really have nothing to do with counter-terrorism .
This modifies these rules and makes a nonsense of them .
It is clear , therefore , that this chapter cannot be completed without compliance with the content of this agreement .
The overwhelming majority of Bulgaria 's population does not see it as at all self-evident that the country 's largest and most important power station should be decommissioned under pressure from the international community .
How long does such decommissioning take ?
Madam President , the EU is continuing to be taken for a ride by professional fraudsters , a situation which is , regrettably , a beneficiary of the excessively complex VAT system .
If the European Union wants to be the world 's most competitive region , that means that its enterprises must be the most competitive enterprises in the world .
As I have said , I have named them .
Let us cut back on it a little .
There is a danger to sheep , so they too have to be tested .
Although they involved a lot of distortion and scaremongering , reports played a