so important in domestic law , should also be worked into the operation of the Eurojust system so that the fundamental rights that these guarantees aim to preserve do not end up being diminished .
When the European Parliament gave its opinion on the provisional unit in November last year , we made a clear recommendation that the creation of this unit should not be a pretext for undesirably delaying the setting-up of Eurojust .
Eurojust is to operate with appreciable independent status .
Hence the importance of the ideas set out by Mrs Gebhardt , which the Commission recognises , regarding guarantees of a defence for the accused , the rules on data protection and global issues of safeguarding citizens ' fundamental rights .
OLAF has competencies within the first pillar ; Eurojust falls within the specific intergovernmental context of the third pillar ; therefore we feel it would be best to avoid giving the idea that Eurojust always has to be involved in cases where OLAF takes the initiative to safeguard the protection of the Community ' s financial interests .
That is why I hope the House will support Mrs Gebhardt ' s report .
We therefore do not know what is happening there , and there is a total lack of impartial witnesses in the field .
Mrs Ilda Figueiredo 's report on the programme to combat social exclusion deserves our support .
The preparation of an annual Round Table Conference of the European Union on social exclusion , organised in close collaboration with the Presidency of the Council of the Union and in consultation with all the actors concerned , is another essential initiative .
There are also , however , institutional and technical issues to examine .
Since 29 September 2000 , the date of Ariel Sharon ' s provocative act in the Mosque compound ( Haram al-Sharif ) , the Israeli army of occupation has already caused hundreds of deaths , mostly children and adolescents , injured tens of thousands and arrested hundreds of Palestinians who are fighting to make their right to a have a State a reality .
For that reason , I abstained .
In relation to this legal framework on judicial decisions in criminal matters , the report deserves our applause and gives a very balanced view .
We must therefore recommend that the Commission should be cautious in this matter and adopt a policy of taking small steps .
The European Parliament wanted the qualified-majority rule for Council decisions to be changed to co­decision with this Parliament , and the Conference did not do what we felt was right .
It also acknowledged , to a certain extent , that the method of preparing for this Conference was completely inadequate .
To put it in another way , the European Parliament does not wish to be part of the problem , it wishes to be part of the solution .
As a matter of fact , there is something I cannot understand : if the intergovernmental method failed in Nice and if the convention was successful in drafting the Charter of Fundamental Rights , which the Council signed , why do we not take the good example of the convention to draft the reform of the Treaties ?
Madam President , I shall conclude by offering my thanks : firstly to my colleague , Iñigo Méndez de Vigo , for his experience , his competence and also for the honesty and rigour with which he worked on this project .
This is a small sticker , which says ' Yes to the convention ! '
This report does not concern the Treaty of Nice ; it is about the post-Nice process , the start of the political circus at the Laeken Summit , which will be held at the end of the year .
Instead , you want to reform everything else .
This should suffice for us to disregard this report , which is full of attacks and plans , completely ignoring the practical actions that have been taken to achieve a lasting , de facto solidarity .
We do not want a federation of nation states , but a Union made up of the nation states that we are .
If there is no constituent European power , there can be no European constitution .
The first concerns its view of the Treaty of Nice ' s content .
My third point of disagreement concerns the method that has been laid down for following up the proposal to draft the Charter .
In order , however , to enable sustainable development and economic and social cohesion to take place , the procedures for internal support must give special consideration to the situation of farmers and family-based farming and to the legitimacy of specific aid for public interest goods and services in the framework of a multifunctional system of agriculture .
The fact that their approval requires unanimity in the Council makes changing them even more difficult .
In this field , because it is neither politically nor legally acceptable to bulldoze existing regulations and agreements by adopting provisions that run counter to the Financial Regulation , we must reduce the specific rules in the sectoral regulations to the absolute minimum .
We hope that the Commission will devote the necessary attention to this in its future proposals .
By the same token , we Socialists consider it to be a point of honour that this Parliament ' s political groups fully comply with all of the procedures that we approve in this Chamber for the Community expenditure of other institutions .
The Lisbon Council decisions , the broad employment guidelines for 2001 , the Social Agenda and the new provisions of the Treaty all define the importance of increasing employment amongst women , in both quantitative and qualitative terms , not simply to comply with a law , but mainly for the sake of economic balance and to ensure that pensions are sustainable