The problem with the amendments that we have before us is that , if this goes through , the people who are managing my pension fund will not be able to maximise that value for me .
That applies to millions of ordinary individuals working in companies up and down the United Kingdom .
It is their future that we are talking about .
This is not some abstract concept .
It goes to the heart of the British economy and it is something that increasingly will be critical for the future of the European economy as well .
Mr President , the Commissioner will also know there was unanimous consensus in Council on the common position .
I hope you are going to take as robust a position on Mr Zimmerling 's amendments as you did on the Lehne report .
It is also an issue about the vitality and competitiveness of the European art market .
If it was centred on Berlin I am sure that Mr Zimmerling would argue quite differently on transposition times and thresholds .
Without an international droit de suite , the fact is that the European art market will go offshore .
There is evidence to prove that .
I too , like Mrs Echerer , must listen to artists .
They are divided .
There is Kûnstler gegen Folgerecht .
They are divided .
It is arrogant of Mr Zimmerling to dismiss the views of people for whom we claim to legislate in this Parliament .
We legislate in their interests .
We should listen to their views as well .
We can also see that the Folgerecht does not actually advantage many artists .
In Germany , for example , in 1998 , of 7 000 artists who transferred their rights , only 274 actually got any money from it and 40 % of the droit de suite was taken up in costs in levying the sum .
So there are some problems with how it currently operates .
I want to use this opportunity to register my dismay that the Commission has failed to provide any analysis or evaluation of the economic impact of droit de suite .
It is far too important a piece of legislation for it not to have done this work .
I still fail to understand how the Commission reached the arbitrary threshold of EUR 1 000 with no scientific evidence to back that up .
Therefore I must plead for a long transition period to open serious negotiations on an international droit de suite , without which we will lose the European art market , wherever it is located , whether it be Paris , Berlin or London .
I do not believe artists will gain from that either .
Mr President , I try to adopt a practical approach to this issue because I have one of the biggest art auction houses outside of London in my constituency .
They had raised their fears about these proposals and I went back there recently and we looked at some case studies together .
We took paintings from a recent auction that would have been affected by this proposal .
With one item there would have been considerable difficulty in tracing the artist 's family ; only tracing agents and collecting societies would have benefited .
In another case , the item would undoubtedly have been sold elsewhere , i .e . in America .
The one artist we were able to contact who would have benefited was not interested and said it would all be too complex to help him or his family .
I am afraid this leads me to the inevitable conclusion that we do not need this , and that without international agreement in place , it is one piece of internal market legislation that we can do without .
Madam President , on a point of order .
I wish to inform the House of the news of the closure of a car factory in Luton in the United Kingdom , with the loss of many thousands of jobs .
I am sure the House will be concerned to hear of this latest example of decline in industry in Europe .
Madam President , on a point of order .
If we are to debate this important question today , it is essential to have the amendments that were tabled in the various languages for us to know what we are debating .
They are not available .
I tried last night and first thing this morning .
It seems to me an impossible state of affairs when we are debating a very important subject and amendments have come in late , together with those that went to committee , and we do not have them in our mother tongue .
Madam President , I also wish to thank the rapporteur Mr Ferber and the members of the committee for their hard work on this particular dossier .
It has not been an easy dossier to follow and it has not been rushed or done wrongly .
It is excellent .
The previous directive of 1997 called for : " a gradual and controlled liberalisation " .
What the Commission came up with during this year was neither gradual nor controlled .
What it came up with was , in the words of Neil Armstrong , the famous American astronaut : "one giant leap for mankind " in that they moved from 350 grammes to 50 grammes in one fell swoop .
Therefore , whilst that may be welcomed in certain parts of this House , it would have had a devastating effect on postal services throughout the European Union .
This morning we need to examine what those proposals would have meant .
We also need to make the point made by Mr Jarzembowski : so many studies have been conducted by this Commission , yet we have never seen them .
A commissioner came before the committee and