Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , this is an important issue , and it is important that we observe Community competence .
However , the proposal does not respect the prevailing principle of subsidiarity on all points , e.g . point 3 on the design of care .
This is something which each Member State must consider very , very carefully .
With regard to the age limit , we should perhaps avoid making this matter into something of a forbidden fruit .
I believe that many of us feel it is rather ridiculous and dangerous to have implants , but we should not decide about this at European level .
It can be seen , for example , that we have been on rather shaky ground when trying to introduce a total ban .
Unfortunately , I must express my regret that Parliament has postponed the debate which we were to have had today on human rights , which was an important priority for the Swedish Presidency .
EU Common Positions have been adopted on all nine chapters which made up the Swedish Presidency ' s road map , including several difficult issues such as the free movement of people , acquisition of property and , especially , the environment .
The whole internal market area has fallen into place .
As such , we can confirm the principle of differentiation .
At the same time , we could see clear concern among them following the referendum in Ireland .
The progress we have seen during negotiations with the applicant countries would not have been possible if these countries had not implemented major reforms and put a great deal of work into meeting our requirements .
Secondly , we all have a responsibility to send a clear message that the Treaty of Nice will be implemented and ratification will continue in other countries .
I would just like to add that the report for Gothenburg describes all the initiatives from Member States , applicant countries and institutions , especially Parliament ' s resolution of 31 May .
However , the exact make-up must be dealt with in Laeken .
In Gothenburg , we will also be addressing the Swedish Presidency ' s third " E" : Environment .
The EU is , in fact , the only global power able to push forward environmental issues and sustainable development globally .
As such , the common European security and defence policy , ESDP , is one of our most important processes .
The Gothenburg Summit will receive a report on progress within the ESDP and a European programme for conflict prevention .
The Balkans , the Middle East and Africa are particular priorities .
We will be discussing the Western Balkans , where developments in the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia , FYROM , continue to cause concern .
This is also an example of the way we can deal with conflicts through close cooperation between the EU and NATO .
As Europe stands on the brink of a highly successful age , its citizens are vacillating .
This is the clear message which I believe is needed .
Many people wish to foist tasks on the EU which can better be dealt with domestically .
Sweden believes the summit with the US is a significant event and one that is important to the EU.
The leadership must focus on what unites us .
George W. Bush is good for the US and good for Europe , and we welcome him to Europe .
Mr President , the Gothenburg Summit will round off the Swedish Presidency which , as was mentioned previously , had an ambitious programme .
The work carried out was excellent and important for the EU' s ongoing social initiatives .
We also have the issues of pension systems and how they will be developed in the future , and reducing the divisions between regions .
They must have an impact on transport policy , energy policy and agricultural policy as we develop a society sustainable in the long term .
One opportunity will be the Gothenburg Summit and the summit with Mr Bush , at which the EU must stand its ground with regard to the Kyoto Protocol .
Finally , I want to say something about the most important of the three " E' s " , which is undoubtedly Enlargement .
This must be clarified so that the first countries can join .
Finally , I would also like to say something about the common European foreign and security policy , on which the Presidency has worked very well and for which Sweden has received great praise .
As it supports openness , Sweden must also support a convention , but not as the only method , but as one method of preparing intergovernmental negotiations next time .
War is better in a media society .
However , I would like to thank Mrs Lindh for her excellent work so far .
Should those in power in Europe , including myself , not "put their own house in order " first ?
The other major environmental problem in Europe is traffic .
Around 5 billion of that will go into preserving cultural heritage and biodiversity , the rest is highly counterproductive from the point of view of the environment , so let us "put our own house in order " as we move forward .
Thirty years after the UN Environmental Conference in Stockholm and ten years after the UN Earth Summit in Rio , the Heads of State and Government have a historic opportunity , an undertaking and a responsibility to adopt a credible strategy for sustainable development for the EU.
Major changes must be made in economic policy , transport and energy policy , chemicals policy , and agricultural and fisheries policy .
There must be a good result .
Mr President , I would like to start by congratulating the