former Prime Minister of Luxembourg , but after more than two years as President , we unfortunately have to say that Mr Santer does not have the power to match his intentions .
At the start of 1996 , there were 21 392 .
And in the Commission 's new programme , there are proposals for more legislation from Brussels .
And in the context of the Intergovernmental Conference now taking place , the Commission has put forward proposals to make qualified majority decisions the general rule .
The advocates of a closer union are seeing their idea take shape in Brussels .
So at some point , we have to conclude that what Mr Santer is doing is what he wants to do .
All the specific actions point in the direction of a new state .
All the actions run directly counter to our vision of a Europe in which the nations determine their own affairs and coordinate with each other when they cannot find solutions by themselves .
Why does the decentralist Mr Santer insist on having completely identical rules for drinking water which is treated and drinking water which is taken straight from the groundwater ?
People say that pollution does not stop at borders , but is this an argument for removing the upper limit for discharges of various substances into Danish drinking water ?
There is a need for the Member States to have much more freedom , and I hope that the Commission will bear that fact in mind .
Mr President , as Mr Florenz points out , the Commission communication on European Community water policy is not an adequate response to the clear and precise calls that were made last year by the Committee on the Environment and by the Council for a European water protection strategy .
The latest report by the European Environment Agency shows as clearly as one could wish that there are so many problems with our water that the time for action is now , which means legislation in the form of a framework directive , as soon as the drinking water directive has been dealt with .
I therefore welcome the fact that Mrs Bjerregaard has promised , in a letter to the rapporteur , that she will bring forward such a framework directive on the basis of the guidelines set out by the rapporteur , focusing on emission standards as the most appropriate instrument , combined with the principles of prevention , precaution and action at source .
I also look forward to the Environment Commissioner ensuring both that the many mutually contradictory water directives are made compatible with each other , and that water policy is incorporated into other policy areas such as agriculture , industry and transport , where these are subject to the consideration of a sustainable environment .
If paragraph 22 of the motion for a resolution is rejected , we can fully endorse the report as a very relevant critique of the communication from the Commission and a practical indication of how the future framework directive should be drawn up .
How can one think that anything at all can be achieved through diplomacy with a military regime which allows diplomats to die in gaol and imprisons hundreds of politicians elected by the people ?
We have had a case before of a united opposition calling for economic sanctions in a situation where democracy was being trampled on .
Today , everyone agrees that Nelson Mandela is a wonderful person , but if the truth be told , a good many people were slow to meet his requests for sanctions against the apartheid regime in South Africa .
In the case of Burma , there is an opportunity for everyone to join in from the start .
The undisputed leader of the democratic opposition and recipient of the European Parliament 's Sakharov Prize , Aung San Suu Kyi , is asking us to take economic sanctions against Burma .
So there is no reason to hesitate .
It is just a question of getting started .
The customs agreement provides some 10 % of Burma 's GNP .
It is even worse that foreign investment is being made possible by slavery or forced labour .
With Burma , we in the EU have the chance to let honesty prevail .
Respect for human rights is the sound principle which should form the basis for a common European foreign policy .
If anyone disagrees with this , I look forward to hearing their idea of what Europe should actually be working for together .
Mr President , at the Dublin summit , the stage was set for a number of majority votes in which the national parliaments can be voted down .
But why should the EU 's laws and standards be absolutely the same in all parts of the Union ?
Why can we not let a country have stricter rules on additives in foods which are transported straight from the factory to the consumer , and then allow artificial preservatives in those areas of the EU which actually ask for permission , for example to put medicines into cheese and sausages ?
Natamycin can be obtained from pharmacies as a remedy for such things as inflammation of the eyes or of the internal female sexual organs .
Why must we no longer ban colourings which can produce allergies ?
Why should all the rules be the same everywhere ?
It is this obsession with a United States of Europe from which frontiers have been removed which is now effectively also leading people to dislike useful international cooperation .
What makes no sense is to turn standards into binding legislation , instead of just an option for those who wish to trade across frontiers .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , once again today , the House can take satisfaction from helping to encourage safety in European waters