The Commission must not act as a 26th Member State in terms of aid donations , but must , naturally , make use of its special authority , its special capacity , its neutrality and its multilateral character in order to give some impetus to these issues and make certain things better than other institutions are able to .
This would provide millions of people in the poorest countries of the world with opportunities for development and for sustaining their livelihood .
In my opinion , the developing countries ’ demands for protection of vital parts of their services sector from exposure to competition are entirely legitimate , given the levels of development of these sectors .     – Madam President , many people are pessimistic about what contribution the meeting in Hong Kong can actually make , but I am an optimist at heart , for we must succeed in concluding ambitious agreements in quite a few of the areas we are negotiating about .
Many Members of this Chamber tend to oppose precisely this kind of liberalisation , but they are wrong to do so .
All those who argue that Commissioner Mandelson has already gone too far and who think that we cannot liberalise agriculture any further must realise that their policies come at a high price and that Europe – the world’s leading trading power - will pay dearly for failure to obtain new market access .
The politicians and NGOs , such as Attac , which are currently attempting to thwart the negotiations are doing so at the expense of the poor .
Having less trade liberalisation and more quotas and tariffs , or letting the developing countries hide behind high protective walls , benefits those who are already privileged , but what the people – the consumers in poor countries – need is investment .
If we do not succeed , it will be a matter of life and death .     – Madam President , the EU has been pursuing an unfair trade policy for many years .
What the Commissioner calls ‘some sectors ’ are actually 93 out of 163 sectors required compulsorily to open up their markets .
Give them a chance at self-determination .
It may certainly be the case that they give rise to these qualities , but why should the EU make efforts in this area ?
The resolution advocates that sports journalists be trained using EU funds so that they might learn to avoid stereotyping , discriminatory phraseology and racist expressions .
Obviously , the right to life is more important than all other rights .
On the subject of adequate remuneration , the fact is that , if you do not have any money , you cannot provide adequate remuneration .
I wish to begin by thanking Mr Blokland for his very constructive work .
The use of the heavy metals mercury , cadmium and lead in batteries must be limited as far as possible .
It is particularly important that the exemption relating to cadmium in batteries and accumulators used in hand tools be changed into a ban after a four–year transitional period .
There are practical alternatives , produced by quite a few manufacturers .
These include not only tools for private use but also heavy-duty tools for professional use .
Why should we release a whole lot of cadmium unnecessarily ?
We also think that the collection targets proposed by the Council have been set too low .
I therefore want to see Amendment 38 on guaranteed capacity labelling applied to all batteries .
This screwdriver contains nickel cadmium , while this one ( contains nickel metal hydride .
This is a case of consumers ’ being sold poor and old-fashioned technology by companies that are at present duping them .
What , then , we are concerned with here are lifespan and economy , its being apparent that these batteries last on average more than twice as long after 500 chargings .
The industry says that nickel cadmium batteries are necessary in these types of machine .
Seventy-five per cent of all refined cadmium is , in actual fact , used in batteries .
What we are concerned with at present is batteries , and cadmium in batteries needs to be got rid of .     Mr President , the June List supports the proposal concerning the internal market’s four freedoms .
It is a good thing that the deadlines in this report should be extended , as this will facilitate the preparations in the run-up to the regulations ’ entering into force .
The Commission must not be some kind of federal government , and it should in the first place be supervised by the Member States .
As it is important that an acceptable compromise be reached with the Council , it is unfortunate that Parliament should have chosen in this way to put an intra-institutional power struggle into the mix .
It is growing investment , new jobs and high and increasing tax income that creates social protection .
The fact of the matter is that a tax system that is clear , transparent and predictable creates good basic conditions for investment and new jobs .
It is good that we should have competition .
I therefore support this report and congratulate Mr Bersani on a good piece of work .     In all 18 reports , the rapporteurs have proposed that the European Parliament be given a role in appointing the various agencies ’ Executive Directors and in extending their terms of office .
We are therefore voting in favour of Mrs Malmström’s report .
The June List supports EU efforts regarding cross-border environmental issues .
We are , for example , critical of the European Parliament’s stating that public information campaigns on the collection and recycling of batteries should be conducted and of its putting forward views on