It is further necessary to develop a better understanding of diseases such as multiple chemical syndrome or damage caused by hormone-altering substances .
We can see that lead and sulphur emissions are gradually disappearing from our cities .
We hope that this will also have an effect on the related diseases .
Madam President , the Whitehead report discusses how European consumers are to be protected when the euro is introduced and how the Union is to deal with existing concerns over the safety and quality of foods .
I believe that stable and firm rules create consumer confidence , as does labelling which provides sound information to the consumer .
I have a feeling that politicians sometimes tend to adopt measures which are not entirely necessary .
In the long run , this can lull consumers into a false sense of security .
Madam President , Commissioner , it could be said that in this Chamber we are 'cryptic correspondents' , who go in for coded messages .
I regret that this has not brought into the plenary debate .
It is really my hope that this will form part of the work to create an area of peace , security and freedom which we have been talking about since the Treaty of Amsterdam .
My impression is that the core of their argument relates , firstly , to confidence in Community law and , secondly , to the fact that the problems of effectiveness are not solved .
I think we must now take a serious look at the situation as regards the defence of the Community justice system .
The essence of this is the collegiate system .
Mr President , in my view we have before us two major tasks facing society in the energy field .
It is important that all this be done in stages : we who are elected representatives promote measures to phase out nuclear power and the burning of the fossil fuels , oil and coal , so that the market in turn gets the stimulus it needs to concentrate efforts on the development of renewable energy sources .
That means of course that the majority here will also be voting today for the amendments tabled by the Greens .
The EU must adapt to reality too and have some faith in the future .
However , I join with Mr Bösch in maintaining that it is important also to achieve results in the governmental work , both as regards developing a functioning administration , a stable democracy and , not least , when it comes to resolving minority questions .
We must protest at this process in all its manifestations .
Capital punishment in the United States
The UN is important and needs to be developed .
For in a 'green' world order , the UN has a key role to play .
In the new wording for the passages in question , the Statutes stipulate that there shall only be one category for new staff taken on , namely staff seconded by their national laboratories .
Thus there is still an element missing , namely stipulations on how the rules are to be applied to the new staff .
This will not really do .
We must exercise better supervision over the EU 's fusion programme , because it is tremendously complicated , as Mr Adam pointed out .
The Green Group put forward a number of amendments in committee , precisely in order to ensure that the European Parliament becomes more involved and can find out what has happened .
Mr President , it is immensely important , perhaps the most important element in the report , that Eurostat is being called on to provide sex-related statistics .
I congratulate her on the requirement of sex-specific statistics .
I hope that we shall soon get a communication on this , so that we can have common standards and can popularise this better .
According to my information , on the one hand we use statistics more often - every month data have to be sent to Eurostat - and on the other hand we can have more uniform statistics by applying the ILO Convention .
I wonder whether , as I hope , Eurostat and this network could in the future cooperate , so that we could get common definitions and could get the authorities actually to supply the information needed .
Remember the old saying : 'lies , damned lies and statistics ' .
I wish to draw special attention to the environment , with new environmental products and new environmental systems , as an area for development .
Appropriations must be used more effectively .
There must not be empty chairs and money for projects remaining unused for several months or for half a year .
I for my part will support Amendment No 4 , which covers increased national influence .
As everyone involved in transport policy knows , facilitating free movement within the Union is one of the main challenges facing us today .
Legislation varies from country to country , and any harmonisation must be based on the highest possible safety standards .
This is an important point , and I should like to ask the Commissioner one or two questions regarding our external frontiers .
I believe there is a broad agreement within Parliament on this issue and will restrict myself to just a few comments .
Last spring , Parliament aimed high and called for reductions in emissions to a level the environment could absorb .
There could well be a connection between the greenhouse effect - which has often been debated in this House - and the steep rise in water temperature .
The desire of individuals to tend and protect nature has often led to rich biological variation .
Financial incentives in this area have in the past produced positive results .
Mr President , our biodiversity is