as training is concerned , the Social Fund should consider providing appropriate training in this field , geared to the acquisition not only of technical skills but also project management skill and team spirit .
The many current problems have moreover already been raised in the debate and are well known to the Commission and Parliament , to women ( those directly concerned ) and also to the Council .
I would refer , for example , to a specific problem which we shall be discussing in a few weeks ' time : the budget .
SMEs represent an ever growing percentage of Europe 's fabric of production , particularly in less developed European regions .
During 1996 the domino theory , so popular with Soviet-trained African dictators , affected 14 of the 53 African states , causing internal conflicts and the exodus of thousands of people : UN figures speak of 8 million refugees .
Not because they are unimportant , but because we should begin by setting ourselves a political goal : namely to help re-establish the balance and find what positive elements exist amidst so much human tragedy , by encouraging the African countries to become more self-aware and more autonomous .
Therefore , respect for national integrity and a refusal of any drastic changes to national borders would prevent the situation deteriorating further and an even more unfair balance of power replacing the previous one .
My second point is this , Mr President .
So , present-day events are showing us that the only defence left to the Albanian population has been to resort to pre-industrial , pre-democratic values based on clans and tribes .
The West , and the European Union in particular , could find themselves caught unawares by the Afghan question , out of a misguided sense of respect for cultures different from our own .
But whereas the environmental , economic and social consequences are serious , the reasons for the fires remain an equally serious cause for concern .
Madam President , thank you for having taken the vote , and I thank my colleagues for having adopted the report .
They play a leading role in economic growth in Europe and are one of the main sources of job creation , which is highly significant in view of the current situation in the Union where we have 20 million unemployed .
For this reason , the Commission should develop specific programmes for young entrepreneurs which promote and support training in administration , the use of new technologies and above all the creation of networks between companies .
We wish , on the contrary , to understand the causes , the tensions that exist within the family - still a cherished institution in Europe - and the conduct which often weakens it .
This - I repeat - is the minority position of my group , but I did wish to voice it .
Prevention and cure go hand-in-hand with rehabilitation , reintegration and finally repressive policies , not just against small-scale trafficking but primarily against large-scale trafficking in hard drugs .
The document is a good one , but it has two glaring omissions : the first relates to the lack of action even in fields for which the right of initiative lies with the Commission and is not delegated to other agents ; the second - politically even more significant - lies in the fact that there is no hint of the problems , risks and possible measures relating to internal corruption in the EU institutions .
I am referring , not to be controversial but to emphasise this aspect , to the Monetary Institute , the World Bank , the OECD : all bodies which - as I said - have never previously adopted a stance , despite witnessing many and widespread cases of corruption , for example in international trade .
I should like now to touch on a few points from the conclusion to my report , which sets out to identify the main approaches and priorities for action in this area , assuming that action will be far-reaching .
This phenomenon deserves our attention .
In the light of this increase in corruption - clearly , corruption has existed since public institutions and government bodies were first created , in other words virtually since the world began - we must all consider whether a greater use of penalties and repression is the right response .
Demand for fish is high .
In short , what is needed is an international framework of reference , enabling us to do our job properly and extend our activities to international level .
So have experiments carried out in the English Channel with technical gear for catching shellfish .
Quite simply , we have not got that far yet .
I can tell you , since you have seen the latest monitoring assessment report , that the Commission considers monitoring to be mediocre everywhere in Europe , and even in non-Union countries .
We are trying to give fishermen more and more of a say in all this , but without overburdening them unnecessarily .
As regards access to records , I agree , it is just a question of finding the right wording .
Nor can we accept amendments which are already covered by Article 26 of the action plan .
Thank you again for your support and at the end of the month , in the Council , I hope to achieve some of the success which has not been forthcoming so far .
To my mind , the President of the European Central Bank , and he alone , would be the person to participate in international meetings on behalf of the euro zone members , in the name of