positive progress in the future , because it again sets out an attitude we Greens cannot accept : the use of animals and plants as objects , things to be traded , not living beings to be protected for themselves .
None of that exists and so we have no political Union .
I will tell Mr Bruton .
We have all talked about disinterest .
They are not even remotely interested in whether a statement of human rights should be included in the Treaty .
With that ideal we will succeed in inspiring Europeans .
President Santer was right to say that we need to bring politics closer to citizens .
Mr President , it seems to me to be appropriate today , as we are debating the state of the Union , to talk about Bossi and his outbursts .
Non-one wants to consider the fact that the legitimate grounds that those voting for the League have in opposing the centrist state which is grasping , bureaucratic and inefficient may be used by Bossi - a Member of this House and an unscrupulous demagogue - to seek out personal power , with very serious risks of instability throughout Europe .
It is apparent from what has been said that the MRLs are not linked to the environmental issues , already considered by Directive 91/414 , but are designed solely to provide the maximum protection for human health .
Directive 91/414 requires that comprehensive documentation be submitted in relation to each product and crop , in the light of the specific chemical and physical , toxicological , environmental and agronomic characteristics , because the persistence of residues and the danger they represent varies from product to product and crop to crop .
In Italy , the adoption of the combined approach - involving the use of chemical and biological products - the attempt to rationalize use , technical progress and the development of new products has already achieved a reduction of some 25 % in the quantities of pesticides used .
I do not believe that to be the case .
It is therefore our view that it is not merely a question of taking military action to deter Iraq but of evolving economic and security policy measures and doing so jointly with all countries that have influence in the area : the United States first and foremost , the European Union , Russia , the moderate Arab countries and the UN.
The intervention by the Baghdad regime in the southern provinces of Iraqi national territory has provoked not only the desperate flight of Kurdish civilians and a political and military crisis with unpredictable consequences throughout the Middle East but has perpetuated and aggravated the unprecedented suffering of the whole of the Iraqi population .
But there is no doubt that our diplomatic fragmentation and , in spite of the mechanisms of intergovernmental cooperation , the lack of a real understanding between the governments , means that the European Union seems to have been taken by surprise .
This is a situation of concern to Europe which feels powerless - and rightly so - as has been apparent in both cases .
We are in favour of the customs agreement but this could be the last opportunity this Parliament gives Turkish democracy to show that it really is a democracy .
Our amendments will be discussed during the coming weeks and it is our hope that all of the groups will be able to meet us half way in our campaign .
Finally , we are calling for the introduction of a 'blue telephone ' line at European level and , above all , we are asking the Intergovernmental Conference to introduce into the future revised Treaty a chapter on the human rights of minors .
The attention needing to be paid to this phenomenon must consist in specific proposals , funding and controls .
We shall not be able to defeat this phenomenon unless we have the courage to take robust action , to introduce reinforced coordination between the police and the organs of the judiciary .
Mr President , my group will be supporting the resolution and all of the measures for which it provides and which have been described by my colleague , Mrs Todini .
I therefore believe that we should take strong action in regard to those countries , by taking specific measures including economic measures .
The charters take off for the so-called sex tourism - we know where they leave from and we know their destination .
We know that at least 15 million children throughout the world are involved in prostitution ; we know that many travel agencies do more than good business , in complete freedom and openly , with sex tourism ; we are aware of the incredible number of minors who have disappeared or been kidnapped and the veritable trade in newborn babies ; we are also aware , despite all of that , of the very limited structures for prevention , aid and psychological help for minors .
We need to increase cooperation and the exchange of information between the Member States with the help of Europol whose objectives of fighting international crime include the trade in human beings .
As a result , although these are apparently issues of internal relevance to the states , they are important at a European level because they violate the fundamental principle of equality of treatment of economic operators and thwart the proper functioning of the internal market .
Let us help entrepreneurs by providing them with information and assistance so that they , like the big concerns , are able to have access to the aid that the Union makes available .
The second aspect is sectoral .
The State police has never shown such determination in combating organized crime ...
We have to raise another point concerning our competence in relation to corruption .
