Mr President , before the vote on the legislative resolution I should just like to confirm again that the changes which the Commission has made to Amendments Nos 2 and 3 are of an editorial nature rather than a substantive one - insofar as an amendment represents a supplement to the existing legal text - in other words , that these changes are in accordance with what we are voting on here , so that we shall then have a common position from Parliament and the Commission .
They are used to buy things there and the goods purchased are turned back into money by fence organizations .
On the one hand , we need a standardization of security markings on credit cards .
So the industry is not automatically interested in the highest standard of security .
One of the dangers which I want to address is the fact that we have not as yet developed a coherent security system in the European Union .
We have a completely new dimension today , with a world-wide struggle against internationally organized crime which is obstructed by political conditions .
I am confident that we shall be able to have this debate with the Council and the Commission in our next Strasbourg sitting .
At present , the Commission is concluding its considerations in connection with the task with which it was entrusted in the context of the action plan , of elaborating proposals for measures against fraud and against the forgery of all types of means of payment , including credit cards , and of examining inter alia the introduction of harmonized bases for punishable offences in relation to certain actions .
I think that there is an urgent necessity for the Commission to turn to scientific work and in the first instance to take the preventive action that Sweden has already taken , namely banning prophylactic use in animal food , and for us to develop scientific bases in order to hold our own in WTO negotiations .
I believe that there is already a great deal of knowledge in relation to the conditions under which animals are kept .
The reason is not that we were so slow , but that it took an infinite amount of time to progress from the first criticism of events , which cannot be denied , to a report from the Court of Auditors , and to the completion of this report and its submission to us .
How can citizens in the Member States otherwise be expected to gain confidence in the European Union in the face of the serious shortcomings that constantly occur ?
It is high time that we radically re-structured our entire energy system .
We have had not only the internal market for energy but also a liberalized gas market for a few days .
Let us remind ourselves of the Treaty of Amsterdam .
The Presidency also carries some of the responsibility for the state of the Union and cannot just settle for its skills of packaging and word-spinning .
Something more has to be done in this area .
So we have to change things .
That is why , as a strategy to counter the freedom of having no frontiers which those who are able to misuse our economic system enjoy , we also need cooperation , which as far as possible is not affected by frontiers , between the police and our justice systems whose role it is to pursue the criminals who operate their network on a panEuropean basis .
Although the Council Presidency has said it is a matter for Member States , and has passed the buck , it would have been interesting to hear whether there are any approaches which it would be worth pursuing .
I know that this is a problem .
Given the tussle over questions of detail which are at times hard to explain , it may reasonably be asked what market disruptions the European Union has to fear .
In this context , on behalf of the Committee for Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy , I should like to congratulate my colleague Mr Gasòliba i Böhm on his excellent report .
The internal market lives on competition .
Now it is essential to deploy public sector investment as well and to dress the Delors White Paper infrastructure programmes for modernisation and innovation in new clothes .
The working group set up by President Hänsch has come to nothing .
There has been a great deal of theft in the House .
We would like our draft amendments to contribute to ensuring that the report on the problems of frontier workers sticks with this issue , and that it is not muddled up with other sets of problems .
If we take that as our measure , then there is an urgent need for action .
That is why I fully support giving equal rights to frontier commuters and mobile workers in terms of the European Commission 's action plan which contains five main emphases , namely improving or adjusting the most important legal documents on the free movement of workers , increasing the transparency of the labour market , taking-on of responsibility by the Member States and developing co-operation , better information about the right of free movement and strengthening the external effect as well as assisting innovative projects in the framework of the European Social Fund .
Moreover , the alignment of registration documents will facilitate reregistration of a motor vehicle from one member country to another .
At first glance you might think that we were dealing in this case with a hopeless undertaking .
They , too , should share in the integrating effect at which our measures are targeted , and it will be important for them in particular to profit from Europe 's capacity for innovation and to contribute to it .
The guarantee of