Jobs are being lost , unemployment is rising and there are record deficits in our public finances .
Major issues remain .
Despite significant budget deficits - 8 % of GDP in France , 6 % of GDP in Germany , 14 % in the United Kingdom and in Ireland - the Committee on Budgets thinks that the Member States should finance greater expenditure and more administration .
We must agree on a budget that the Member States can afford and that we can justify to our people .
Bearing in mind the excellent cooperation that we have enjoyed to date , I am sure that we will be able to resolve even this complex issue in the difficult situation and predicament in which we find ourselves .
In 2025 - in other words , in 15 years ' time - China and India will together account for 20 % of global investments in research and development .
Both the Council and the Commission have agreed that this is a priority - in the Lisbon process , in the Seventh Framework Programme and in the European Economic Recovery Plan .
We need more resources to be allocated to research and development .
It is there that jobs will be created and it is there that the future lies for Europe and Europe 's competitiveness - not in cuts in this area .
Many good suggestions have been made .
It is difficult to set priorities , but set them we must .
At the same time , we must bear in mind that the EU is in recession .
We are investing in measures that will stimulate growth and we are being more restrained when it comes to areas such as administrative expenditure .
Poverty means an absence of power , opportunities and security .
Both require full respect for human rights .
This initiative , which was launched by the Czech and Swedish Presidencies , has been discussed here previously on a number of occasions , including with my colleague , Mrs Carlsson .
As a global player , with 27 Member States and the European Parliament , and as the world 's largest contributor of aid , the EU has a key role to play in terms of supporting democracy building in its external relations .
We are not starting from scratch .
We have strong rules on human rights that include dialogue with third countries and seven common EU strategies .
The essence of democracy demands a new political framework , and the current distribution of labour between the various pillars does not necessarily correspond to the needs that exist .
Without therefore inventing new tools or models , we quite simply want to bring about greater coordination and coherence in the way we work on supporting democracy .
Our involvement in the Western Balkans is one such example .
It combines first and third pillar instruments and is , at the same time , oriented towards supporting political reforms , including institution building .
We must be humble , however .
Naturally , this is a sensitive issue .
We are building on the work started by the Czech Presidency , which held a special conference on the EU and democracy building .
Discussions in the Council working groups on development and human rights are taking place in parallel or at joint meetings .
Another proposal is the need for real partnership , based on dialogue and consultations , in which support for democracy is treated as a separate topic and in which various dialogues are more coherent and coordinated .
Election support needs to be made part of a continual process that involves following political developments over a long period of time .
I hope that the Treaty of Lisbon will enter into force in the near future .
Along with the European External Action Service , the political framework for supporting democracy building will improve so that the EU can provide even better support for developments in various places in the world .
I would like to thank the Members of the European Parliament for pushing this issue .
We are entirely in agreement on the need to strengthen democracy in the EU 's foreign policy .
If there are not well functioning democratic institutions in such a situation , things can go seriously wrong .
That is why it is important that there are secure democratic institutions and a strong civil society capable of dealing with such crises .
We will have a meeting of foreign ministers in December and we hope to be able to launch a great many specific measures at the start of 2010 .
The human rights situation there is far from satisfactory .
We hope that the means of achieving this is through stronger commitment .
Perhaps we can find other ways .
Perhaps they are not comparable with the terrible injustices committed in other countries , but there are shortcomings internally within the EU.
It accords entirely with the ambitions of the Swedish Presidency .
We have a comprehensive agenda , which includes many issues that affect the welfare of us all .
That is why the European Council will also look at these issues .
The country 's lower house and Senate approved the Treaty , but then 17 senators petitioned the Czech constitutional court to examine whether the Treaty of Lisbon is compatible with the Czech constitution .
As you know , President Klaus has also stipulated certain conditions for signing the Treaty .
In the European Council , we will also be discussing the preparations that have so far been made to ensure that the entry into force of the Treaty goes as smoothly as possible .
In this connection , the Presidency will present a report describing the state of play with regard to all of these issues .
As I said , we will discuss this in