to keep an eye on this matter so that we are both of help to the candidate countries and assume responsibility ourselves in our own countries .
Mr President , I am able to support the separation of foreign and security policy from other EU cooperation and the restriction regarding the constitution of the Council , but I must disassociate myself from all the attempts to give the larger countries a greater share of presidencies and posts .
The proposed reform concerning transparency does not seriously open the Council of Ministers ' work up to the public , let alone to the elected representatives in the European Parliament and the national parliaments .
It is not , however , until the end of the process that voting will be opened up and , because only a small number of proposals are voted on in practice , this part of the exercise is purely cosmetic .
The problem is that 70 % of decisions are finalised by the Council 's working parties and 15 % at meetings of COREPER ambassadors .
Only 15 % of the proposals are put before the Council , and we do not have figures for what percentage ministers in actual fact see .
The requirement in this area must be that all elected representatives , at least , have full right of access to documents as part of the legislative process .
I am pleased that , yesterday at the Conference of Presidents , the Spanish Foreign Minister , Mr Piquet , promised us full access to the Council 's working parties during the codecision process , and so that is a good beginning .
A purely national bill can always be altered , whereas an EU bill can never be altered .
It could be assumed that the right of veto under the Luxembourg Accords should continue to apply , perhaps in the variant proposed by Georges Berthoin , Monnet 's right-hand man , whereby the prime minister is obliged to defend a veto at the next summit .
It must not be made easy to block a proposal , but use of the veto must be an option if the EU is to consist of cooperation between parliamentary democracies in free countries .
Every single time the Committee on Women 's Rights and Equal Opportunities has spoken with the Commissioner , he has not hesitated to state that the 'acquis communitaire ' , if I may use that term , should also apply in that area .
The Commissioner cannot be reproached for the fact that the 'acquis ' was only introduced at the last moment in a long list of countries .
It means , however , that I should like to call upon the Commissioner and his colleagues to continue to monitor this area so that we do not only consistently obtain the necessary facts but also ensure that the countries supply these .
Women form more than half of the population , and what women in the candidate countries have so far had cause to note is high unemployment affecting women in particular .
I believe that the Member States have a contribution to make to this area and that they and the Commission together have a special contribution to make .
Mr President , I should first like to thank both the Presidency and the Commission .
I find it very encouraging that the timetable for the negotiations with the candidate countries looks as if it will be kept to , so that the negotiations concerning ten countries can be concluded by December under the Danish Presidency .
One crucial thing is now missing , namely a strengthening of the administrative capacity or management structure so that the legislation can also responsibly be put into effect .
In my view , this has been a big help to many candidate countries .
The ten candidate countries will probably be ready , but rather more doubts can be entertained about the EU 's own preparedness .
I think this is cause for concern , not because of either the Commission 's or the Spanish Presidency 's handling of the matter but because we are in the grotesque situation in which the Fifteen have still not been able to reach agreement on a common position regarding the issue of direct aid to agriculture , and the divisions between the EU countries are particularly striking in this area .
It is a sensible and very balanced proposal which can also ensure that the competitive situation for both Polish and other farmers is fair and just , without the EU 's funds drying up in the course of a few years .
In my opinion , it would be an historic mistake if the candidate countries were to be turned into hostages of the Member States ' own internal disagreements .
The circle from Copenhagen to Copenhagen is about to be closed .
Nor , then , shall I conceal my pleasure at coming from a country which , according to the opinion polls , is the country which puts enlargement highest on the agenda .
We must express our thanks for the significant contribution that has been made , just as we must thank Commissioner Verheugen for his tireless efforts .
We have also heard about the hurdles which remain and which must be overcome : agricultural policy , Kaliningrad , the Cyprus issue and the Bene ? decrees .
The question is , whether the Netherlands , Sweden , Germany and Great Britain are to be added to the list .
Let us not lose this historic opportunity to reunify Europe for the sake of freedom , peace and security .
It is 'enlargement , enlargement , enlargement ' .
I should nonetheless like , however , to highlight two points : first of all , the failure - already mentioned many times today - to implement the budget for the structural funds .
