Consequently , that Europe , with the self-assurance of the citizens behind it , could give its backing to stability and security pacts with the new neighbours .
The acceding states expected to come home to a community of values , one that also fulfils their deepest desires .
A crucial factor in this context is the way in which the Members of this Parliament view their term in office .
The citizen is entitled to a government which honours its promises and which translates good intentions into proper policy .
In that way , the elections may not be about settling scores , but instead about giving a mandate .     Mr President , we must safeguard the European economic and social model .
I should like to say the following by way of conclusion .
To be on the safe side , I shall also e-mail it to you .
These are all qualified candidates and we will give them our backing .
The Group for a Europe of Democracies and Diversities regrets that the area of policy of budgetary control has not been assigned separately to one of the new Commissioners , of whom there are many , and so this could have easily been done .
We have to take our work seriously and that is why specific reference is made , in the draft resolution on which we are voting this afternoon , to the critical verdict of the competent parliamentary committee .
We would like to see a drastic change by October ; if not , we ought to look for another candidate for development cooperation and poverty control .
Furthermore , I still see equality and equal participation of men and women as an objective .
I should like to have the assurance that that will be the case in the new Commission too .
As first vice-chairman of the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism , I should like to give this piece of advice to the forthcoming Parliament .
Even though we play different roles within the European Union , we also have much in common .
The Council believes that he is the man to take the Commission forward at this time .
Another shows it as a tower under construction .
Critical comments , however , are part and parcel of democracy .
The Netherlands Presidency wants to send out that message loud and clear , with both heartfelt ambition and clear-headed realism .
It is pleasing to see that you are energetically getting down to business and pressing ahead with Parliament’s legislative work .
In a number of countries , approval will arouse heated debate .
It is not possible , within the space of this presentation , to cover all of the substantive issues on the agenda .
Externally , by looking ahead , together with our partners elsewhere in the world , and by operating more decisively , as a Union , on the world stage .
In December too , the European Council is to consider whether Turkey fulfils the Copenhagen political criteria for human rights and democracy .
The problem is not religion , but misuse of religion to sow hatred and intolerance and to repress women .
We must avoid focusing on our own jobs , our own social safety net , our own pensions .
During the Netherlands Presidency , preparations are being made for its interim review .
The Directive on services , proposed by the Commission , is an important step in the right direction .
Europe’s innovative capacity is not strong enough .
( Applause ) The Union is more than an economic project .
The Netherlands Presidency is endeavouring to ensure that the European Council on 5 November outlines a vision that is as concrete as possible .
This will focus on the joint approach to large-scale drug trafficking and also on improved prevention and health care .
In a Union with open internal borders , we cannot afford not to have a European policy on asylum , immigration and repatriation .
A place means a place in our society .
We intend to pay greater attention to the integration of newcomers .
This is a delicate matter , which is viewed in many different ways .
Europe could be more decisive .
Extra impetus also needs to be given to the multilateral trade system .
Europe must make a concerted contribution to the future of Iraq .
The EU must remain active there , not only in terms of relief work , but also in a political sense .
On the other hand , however , it is becoming increasingly clear that such cooperation and such feeling of solidarity are no longer obvious to many people .
What makes Europe so valuable is that we are a community in which freedom , solidarity and respect hold equal weight .
The Netherlands Presidency wants to work constructively with you , the directly elected representatives of the citizens of Europe .
All the obstacles will fade in time . ’ That is how I would sum up our approach .
How does the President-in-Office of the Council intend to achieve that ?
In large parts of the world , intolerance , repression and exploitation are more the rule than the exception .
A country whose accession would constitute a financial and social drain and would set in motion a new and massive wave of immigration .
In the same spirit , the Council needs to approve the European Parliament’s new statute rather than standing in its way .
Europe must be more visible .
There is every reason to ask a great deal from this Presidency in those areas .
What is so modern about that ?
Whereas in 2000 , we used to talk about high-quality public provisions not only in infrastructure , you now talk about liberalising and privatising the service sector , which involves electricity , health care and public transport