The figures of 7 300 tonnes , 6 167 tonnes and almost 1 000 tonnes respectively for 1998 are quoted , over and above the nominal 12 000 tonnes from China .
Documents produced by the Commission reveal that it is aware of the problem .
In the light of this data provided by the Commission itself and since the market is collapsing , it is essential to put pressure on the Commission to take action to remedy the situation .
Mr President , Commissioner , I should like to congratulate Mr Jové .
Parliament does not object to a certain amount of flexibility , but we must ensure that the main role of the producer organisations is not eroded .
The rapporteur has suggested increasing the thresholds to the average amount processed during recent years .
Human rights are being infringed in the Balkans , most particularly in Kosovo .
That is our message to the nominee and I am sure there is consensus on this .
I would merely remind the House of the events and our response to them .
Mr President , I shall finish by pointing out that in view of the serious problems concerning enlargement and our social and economic policies , our group feels that what we need is not just a President of the institutions , but a President of all the people of Europe .
For once , everyone seems to be in agreement .
The social and economic consequences of the present situation will therefore be very serious .
It involves more than 15 000 farms and some three and a half million direct jobs .
According to Article 115 of the Treaty , such measures aim to prevent distortion in the movement of goods under the framework of the common commercial policy .
It is worth remembering that this is the fourth occasion on which we have debated the issue in scarcely four months , that is , since last December .
The Commission had already stated that it accepted and supported these amendments , but in the end it was not prepared to include them in the regulation .
I am particularly concerned because , in actual fact , this does nothing to enhance our reputation .
The gas and electricity markets have been liberalised .
The Spanish delegation will therefore oppose most of these amendments , given that gradual progress will be made in the future .
I would advise you to do some research , Mr Gahrton , and not to talk any more nonsense .
We have tabled and supported a number of amendments aimed at a specific financial proposal , bearing the Environment Agency 's second report very much in mind .
Madam President , we support Mr Valverde López 's proposal concerning revision of the regulation allowing voluntary participation by organisations in this eco-management and audit scheme .
After all , according to Eurostat , most of the jobs in Europe - more than 85 % - are generated by small and medium-sized enterprises .
Hundreds of organisations have adopted ISO standard 14001 , along with others the world over , and they have been registered .
As Mr Valverde has said , what happens in a great many other countries is that the accrediting bodies will only accredit insurance companies or standardisation companies and that makes the complex procedure even more difficult .
In Berlin , each of them stubbornly defended their own interests , but no one furthered the common interest of the Union .
There is also a gradual decrease in the percentage of GDP set aside for cohesion policies , from 0.46 % at the moment to 0.42 % in 2006 .
However , we note that there was no dialogue or agreement with the European Parliament on establishing a timetable of investiture for the new Commission , which would allow us , as a matter of urgency , to resolve this temporary situation and , at the same time , strengthen the democratic legitimacy of this institution .
If we do not wish to have to act this way in the future , we must try to prevent such situations .
These opinions refer to certain aspects that have been pointed out , for example , the flexibility we need .
In the agricultural field , we have not yet concluded a far-reaching reform that will help us to maintain the competitiveness of our agriculture and allow us to improve the quality of life in rural areas .
On a different matter , Madam President , on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists , I should like to thank the German Presidency , the Council , and the governments of the Member States for the decisive action they have taken on the Kosovo crisis .
Madam President , if I had to sum up the Berlin agreement in one sentence as far as Agenda 2000 is concerned , I would say that the Berlin summit has been a victory for those who want less Europe as the outcome of the summit indeed means that we will have less Europe .
But our congratulations must also be extended to the whole college of Commissioners for their excellent preparatory work on Agenda 2000 and for their sincere dedication throughout the whole procedure .
But in this respect , as Mr Bourlanges claimed , we are concerned that we have still to establish the financial perspectives needed to provide a multiannual financial framework for long-term policies such as regional polices .
The political message in this resolution threatens rejection of the Berlin financial perspective .
He was assassinated after having stated publicly that Milosevic could not guarantee peace but could only generate a crisis .
We must therefore strongly support our Commission - particularly at the moment - as it is doing a good job .
Mr President ,