in goods and competition and various institutional provisions .
The interim agreement and the special financial aid for Azerbaijan are also vital if we are to ensure that Azerbaijan receives a similar level of support to that provided by the European Union for Armenia and Georgia .
Although it is only one small step , I should nevertheless like to offer my warmest thanks to Mr Schwaiger for his report , and I can only hope that his dynamism will help to ensure that considerable further progress is made in relations with Azerbaijan .
The truth alone can free us , and when we fight against people like Mr Le Pen we are fighting for our own future .
At any rate , there is nobody either in the House or outside it who can say : I have found a way to tackle both the prevention and rehabilitation problem .
Anyone who disregards this balance - as Mrs d'Ancona did in her first report in which she called for the decriminalisation of drug consumption and the free sale of cannabis products and heroin on production of a medical certificate , must accept the consequences .
The fact is that Mrs d'Ancona requested me to withdraw the report so as to give us an opportunity to negotiate compromises .
To return therefore to what I said at the beginning , we are facing the internationalisation of economic power in Europe while national structures are still being used to combat the abuse of this economic power - which is precisely Mr Bontempi 's point of departure .
Let me stress that the purpose of the present report is to provide the ECB with an effective instrument and to enable the Bank to make flexible decisions on how to use the instrument to respond to present and future developments .
The Hoppenstedt report rightly draws attention to an important instrument of monetary policy .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the three reports before us , dealing with minimum reserves , sanctions and the collection of statistical information , were unanimously adopted at the committee stage - to all appearances , three more or less routine reports , but in view of the latest developments in the international finance markets they are anything but insignificant .
One reason for this is that up to 1.8 trillion dollars is moved around daily on the international finance market in the form of speculative transactions - that represents about 10 % of global GNP .
It is very important that we give the ECB the greatest possible degree of independence , but at the same time its activities must be governed by the legal principles that apply in the European Community .
We have one more wish to add to the list of outstanding tasks , namely simplification of market transactions between the United States and Europe .
One of the subjects addressed in the report is the agrimonetary regime , a matter we have discussed in connection with Mrs Schierhuber 's report , which is on the agenda for Friday ; this relates to the new scheme that must at all events be ready for entry into force on 1 January 1999 .
There are 30 000 EU officials ; 90 % of them live in Belgium or Luxembourg , and since both countries have signed up for EMU, some of the problems are surmountable .
No one may be compelled to use the euro , nor may anyone be prevented from using it ; the European institutions are called upon to prove by their involvement in the euro changeover that the euro age has indeed dawned , but that fact must not turn out to be the Achilles ' heel of the changeover process .
Even at this early stage , when I look at the example of Italy and see how little transparency the European Central Bank can operate with , it becomes crystal-clear that transparency is precisely what it will take to prevent future weaknesses and instability .
The amendment of customs and fiscal legislation is also running to plan .
However , I should like to put one question to you , and I do not know whether you are willing or indeed able to answer it , because this is not your own area of responsibility .
I presume that in this report we shall not only emphasise the need for our involvement but shall also make sound proposals to that end .
Responsibility means being prepared to answer for those things for which one is individually accountable .
You are accountable for a huge conflict of loyalties among the staff of the Commission .
This is regrettable because , in view of the revelations of alleged abuses in the European Community Humanitarian Office , a rapid response by Parliament in the form of proposed remedies would have been useful .
Otherwise , I fear , we shall have a rather lengthy discussion ahead of us before we find another efficient way to combat fraud .
The responsible Commissioner is no longer there either .
We had to delay by several months the discharge that can now be given to the Secretary-General , because our committee wished to await the findings of the inquiry conducted by the Bureau into the cancellation of funds amounting to about ECU 30 million .
It seems to me that a separate vote is necessary on each of these three proposals .
Would you be prepared to involve yourselves in that sort of undertaking ?
It is certainly also right to accept safety standards in the form that applies during the checks and not as they apply when this directive is adopted , since I believe we will still have to tighten up some areas .
For when we talk about a transport infrastructure we are of course talking about a common infrastructure