Activity Based Budgeting ( ABB ) and Activity Based Management ( ABM ) were introduced during the Prodi Commission , spearheaded by Commissioner Kinnock .
The aim of ABB and ABM is to clarify administration by budgeting available resources and human resources according to policy area .
Administration should be able to show the results achieved clearly in order to make their value compared to input clearly visible .
The approach reflects that used in business .
The results also show how efficient management and administration are .
It may be the fault of both the Commission and the Member States , though the fact remains that the administration is bureaucratic and inefficient .
Activity Based Management puts the emphasis on personal responsibility , but it also allows for freedom of action .
With a good administrative system there is a clear division of responsibility .
Because the goal of management is good productivity , a manager should not put unnecessary constraints on work .
This report is based on recent studies , the most important of which are listed in the explanatory statement section .
We particularly need to assess whether the current annual Planning and Review Process involves too much planning , especially in comparison to the presentation and evaluation of the results achieved .
This generally causes problems for the drafting of the budget , as resources are included in the revision of the financial framework , which is what the Council objects to in particular .
There have been clear examples of this virtually every five years .
It is to be hoped , in this respect , that the Commission will be bolder in its approach .
Finally , Mr President , the report before us is based on our European heritage - Article 15 of the Declaration of the Rights of Man and the Citizen of the great French Revolution of 1789 : ' Society has the right to ask a public official for an accounting of his administration . ' . rapporteur . - ( FI ) Mr President , I would like to thank all those who have provided feedback on my report .
Finally , I wish to thank all of you , and I especially want to wish Mrs Grybauskaitevery happiness and success in her future challenges .
The Montreal Protocol is considered to be one of the most successful of all international environmental agreements .
The results speak for themselves .
Furthermore , greenhouse gas emissions will have been avoided over a 20-year period that are equivalent to more than 100 billion tonnes of CO2 .
The simplification of the current regulation 's structure , the deletion of obsolete provisions and extending the obligation to file reports to cover new substances are reforms that were sorely needed .
The now acceptable regulation will bring current Community regulations more appropriately in line with the original provisions of the Montreal Protocol .
If there were too many exceptions to the exports ban , it would be too difficult to show they were justifiable .
The Montreal Protocol itself has had additions made to it no less than four times .
It is not just a success story : it is also a story of the necessity to correct mistaken trends as understanding increases .
So CFCs started to be replaced with HCFCs , for example , which were a lot less harmful to the ozone layer .
Some of them are more than a thousand times more intense as global warmers than carbon dioxide .
It has to be admitted that it is not at all effective as it stands .
It will not cut global emissions and will not even reduce carbon intensiveness .
Climate change is an environmental problem on a totally different scale from earlier problems .
That is why climate change must be seen above all as a problem of industrial engineering .
Parliament has succeeded in bringing forward the deadline for abolishing the use of methyl bromide by four years , and , furthermore , the schedule for cutting HCFCs has been made tighter .
That was because it was thought that they would be regulated under the Montreal Protocol .
It is important that we also remember to attend to this issue and continue to abolish powerful greenhouse gases in the future .
In the case of substances whose use has been banned in the EU , my group would have liked to restrict their export in a clearer way than has now been agreed .
Good administrative practice and a dignified reception should be guaranteed and the entry of genuine travellers should be facilitated .
Thank you , Sarah , for your close cooperation .
I would like to say a special thank you to the shadow rapporteurs Mrs Klamt , Mr Cashman , Mrs Ždanoka and Mrs Kaufmann for their very constructive cooperation and strong support in the negotiations .
Without the support of a unanimous committee , Parliament would not have achieved such a good result in the negotiations .
My thanks also go to the French and Czech Presidencies , both of which demonstrated the will to recognise the problems that Parliament wished to address and the ability to meet Parliament half way .
I would like to extend a particularly warm thank you to them .
However , this disappointment is assuaged by the fact , for example , that children under the age of six and persons under the age of 25 representing organisations in seminars , sports activities or cultural events will receive their visa free of charge .
Children should be able to receive a general education that fosters equal opportunities to develop their abilities - their individual power of discernment and sense of moral and social responsibility - so that they might grow as well-balanced , responsible members of society .
Those responsible for the education and supervision of children should