for the full protection of the consumer , or to environmental liability .
The point relates to Article 7 on specific legislation on violations of the environment .
Firstly , as I said before , the Commission also believes that the special sectors , such as the protection of the environment , deserve to be treated differently , and therefore I take the liberty of drawing the rapporteur’s attention to that matter .
As regards flights from or to Europe , we will ask the airlines to give us advance notice , so as to avoid the mistake made in the past of listing people with the same name on the no-fly list , prompting the grounding of an aircraft simply because of confused identity .
For my part , I will be absolutely clear in demanding full respect for the protection of EU citizens ’ personal data .
They live in Fallujah , Basra and Baghdad , they believe in justice and democratic participation by the people and they were victims of Saddam Hussein’s dictatorship .
This war is now lost , and it has done much to aid the jihadist terrorists , instead of weakening them .
Once the invasion had been completed there was a moral duty to reconstruct Iraq , at least in physical terms , but political and military arrogance , incompetence , corruption and ineptitude have prevented this .
Thus , even passing over the disgrace of Abu Ghraib , they have lost , without winning the hearts and minds of the Iraqi people .
In reality , we know that things have turned out differently .
If we do not condemn the war today , it is not possible to understand what is happening in Iraq at the moment .
We will certainly take into account , within our committee , the assessments and written replies that have been sent to us .
Nelson Mandela , in his message to the G8 , expressly said that hunger is also the hunger for justice and added – and I share the sentiment his words express – that poverty , like slavery , is not natural but man-made and can be eradicated by human beings .
It is the best weapon against fundamentalism , brutal conflicts and terrorism .
I hope that the awareness that can be observed in the people and among us will also be displayed at the next WTO round in Hong Kong and that the Millennium Objectives , which are a fundamental intermediate stage , can be achieved .
Another important issue is debt cancellation , which the African Union summit called for yesterday .
With extremely low levels of internal savings , and external investment flows that are equally low , the current economic conditions in Africa do not offer any hope for escape from poverty .
We , on the other hand , are convinced that these two issues are of the highest priority and I thus believe that we must be a little less hypocritical and admit that public aid can also be linked to progress by these countries along this path .
Therefore , what counts is political will and the interests at stake .
Yesterday afternoon during the debate in the Chamber we examined the entire package on regional policies .
I understand the reason behind this , because Emma Bonino , when she was in Srebrenica in her role as European Commissioner , tried desperately to warn the Dutch Government , which did not listen to her , and we are well aware of the consequences .
The countries in question should draw up precise financial plans , set out the extent of internal resources that can be invested in the plan and how much will have to be obtained from donors .
An entire region of our planet now sees its future compromised .
The report also calls upon the Commission to adopt a clear initiative on three points .
Firstly , it calls for a policy guaranteeing that the rules of free trade are respected within all manufacturing countries , particularly China , and therefore that the state aid or hidden subsidies granted to businesses , which distort competition , are reduced .
The report by Mrs Saïfi , whom I truly thank for her excellent work , rightly insists that the utmost attention continue to be paid to verifying the good will of the Chinese authorities and to keeping a worsening situation under control .
The absence of rules or the failure to respect them prevents fair competition , and , in actual fact , invalidates the very concept of the free market .
I believe that that is an extremely important step forward towards the day marking the full membership of these , the last two ex-Communist states , which , in my opinion , ought to have been accepted with the other eight countries on 1 May 2004 .
Despite this criticism , however , we welcome the action taken by Commissioner Mandelson , whom we invite to oversee not only the agreement reached and its implementation , but also what is happening with regard to other categories of products .
In view of the terrible predictions made by industry associations , and taking into account that in the absence of national sovereignty , imposed by this bureaucratic Europe , initiative measures cannot be taken by individual Member States , the Commission must expedite policies and directives supporting European businesses and employees in the sector , and prevent the marketing in EU countries of goods produced by the Asian Tigers , which are invading our markets . , they are goods produced without any guarantees for the consumer in terms of the production processes and the materials used , which often have a very high environmental impact , and which , furthermore , do not respect social guarantees and workers ’ dignity , in complete contrast to what is stipulated by the World Trade Organisation .     Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the report on the future of textiles and clothing after 2005 without doubt presents a complete picture of the new economic and trade realities at global level .
