It is now up to them to make further progress in this respect , through specific actions , not mere words .
Sadly , however , terrorists continue to kill , kidnap and blackmail the people of that country and of Peru and Venezuela , whilst we continue to debate whether or not to include those who murder , kidnap or blackmail on the list of terrorist organisations .
An important part of policing involves guaranteeing the safety of citizens as a fundamental principle of living together in freedom .
With this in mind , the creation of a single market and the creation of an area of freedom , security and justice are bound to mean that it is necessary to harmonise private security services within the European Union .
That said , I am bound to request the House to support the report of the Committee on Freedoms in tomorrow 's vote .
The Court of Justice has ruled to this effect also .
As rapporteur , I am therefore of the view that if the present draft decision were adopted , it would contravene Article 47 of the Treaty of the European Union .
To do so would run counter to Article 47 of the Treaty of the European Union , amongst others .
Parliament has therefore been unable to exercise its function of democratic control .
Nonetheless I believe such lack of justification is not in line with the principles of sound financial management applicable to the Community budget .
Given the size and activity of the sector across the Union , its activity should be regulated , as is recognised by Mrs Cerdeira Morterero in her report .
The citizens are clearly concerned about the present lack of security and unhappy with the situation .
Coordinated police action is required if we are to rise to the challenges posed by these developments at European level , together with the swift implementation of initiatives designed to overcome them , such as the one before us today .
Multifunctional agriculture must enable us to combine market management and management of rural areas and enable farms across the current and enlarged Union to exist and be viable .
We ask that , as part of the interim review of Agenda 2000 , there should be compulsory and uniform modulation of aid under the first pillar .
The financial perspectives have been respected , and what is more , expenditure has been far below what was budgeted .
The requirement of co-financing , as it is currently designed , creates a deficit of rural development measures in the poorest regions , which are the most needy ones , and the predominant measures in some countries frequently have little to do with sustainable rural development .
Commissioner , when Agenda 2000 was signed in 1999 in Berlin we all breathed a sigh of relief as it began a period of budgetary calm in which multifunctionality had laid strong foundations guaranteeing the survival of a sustainable rural environment , in which quality , safety and respect for the environment had found their place .
Therefore , if we accept the modulation of CAP aid , that modulation must take place according to parameters that do not put paid to the competitiveness of farms and that take into account the economic inequalities of the European Union .
Thirdly , the preliminary evaluation should under no circumstances be conducted by industries , NGOs , etc. , as proposed in an amendment that we do not support , but by those legally established to conduct it .
I would ask the European Commission , the Commissioner and all of the political groups in Parliament to be responsible when voting and to take into account that , without agriculture , sustainable development is not possible .
I must also commend the choice of thematic strategies .
I would like to call for solidarity between the countries of the European Union , the same solidarity on which we have built this community of Europe and which in recent times appears to have faded , because without it , European shipbuilders will soon have disappeared , and we will be accountable to thousands of families .
To conclude : the Regulation should be adopted before it is too late and the shipyards have closed down because nothing can be done .
On the one hand it meant cutting aid to companies in the sector , and reducing the periods within which our industry could receive that assistance .
On the one hand it had incorporated the positions of those who wished to remove aid to this industry , which is fundamental for energy supply and for social cohesion in our countries , while on the other hand others among us would have liked to go further and have greater certainty about what is going to happen after 2010 .
I therefore share the desire expressed by my colleagues the Chairman of the Committee on Industry , External Trade , Research and Energy , Mr Westendorp , and Mr Rapkay , that we should adopt the Commission 's proposal , for various reasons .
And being under threat is not exactly the same thing as being more vulnerable .
We wish to stress that , when dealing with issues associated with energy and the environment , the Commission 's focus is an overall one that takes into account all the issues associated with energy sources and their use .
Finally , our proposal , which I hope will be favourably viewed by the European Parliament today , takes into account the dimension of the enlargement of the European Union , as some of you have said .
I am well aware that projects are agreed upon and that it is very difficult to establish some stops , but the institutions in Aragon considered it to be viable according to a study