So instead of making people in the rural areas of the candidate countries feel eager to get going and creating partnership between government and NGOs , expectations almost everywhere have been bitterly disappointed , and the negative experiences with Sapard have unfortunately benefited those agitating against EU accession .
We only have to insist that Luxembourg fulfils its obligations , follows up notifications involving the protection of European taxpayers and in the end brings charges .
That is not the way .
I really think it ought to be done by another institution .
We shall therefore make every effort to meet that target , and we shall keep you constantly informed of our progress .
The Prodi Commission has once again failed to fulfil its obligation to manage the European taxpayers ' money prudently and thriftily .
What we advocate is the full application of this Convention , not its amendment .
Any humanist - and let me say to my radical and less radical fellow Members that I have absolutely no intention of triggering a Marxist critique of the role of the state in this case - will agree that it is essential to reject any type of official policy on drugs .
The Commission 's proposal that the reunification of these categories of people should be at the discretion of the Member States is not convincing either , because it gives too much scope , in my view , to individual countries in a united Europe with open borders .
The proposal presented by the Commission is sound .
Our justification for doing so was the lack of democratic and judicial control over Europol , for , belonging as it does to the third pillar , Europol has hitherto not been subject either to parliamentary control by the European Parliament or to judicial control by the European Court of Justice , whilst the national parliaments mainly had no interest in controlling it either .
Fifthly , Europol must also be able to act in defence of the EU 's financial interests when asked to do so by Eurojust or of the Public Prosecutor yet to be appointed as part of it .
I think it is a pity that I cannot put my laboriously-crafted four-minute speech on the record , but it is apparent to me that my speech would have been a mere repetition of everything that has been said so far , and which has also been true .
I think this should be obvious if the Convention and its work are to be taken seriously .
That is both true and irrelevant , for the character of the Police Office is not determined by which state body is meant to be controlling it .
Negative public opinion is of course reinforced by the EU 's inability to get a grip on corruption , and by its failure to effectively dismantle the bureaucratic apparatus - I am thinking , for example , of the way our Parliament meets in two places .
The political will to reduce the distance between Europe 's citizens and its institutions is absent - not from the European institutions , but from the Member States .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , please permit me to start my statement with an expression of thanks to the staff of the Committee on Foreign Affairs , Human Rights , Common Security and Defence Policy and also to the staff of the groups , who , over the past years - just as much as the rapporteurs on the individual countries - have taken such trouble in dealing with this issue in depth , so that we have always been enabled , by broad majorities , to do justice to our task .
The candidate countries will be obliged to make further substantial progress in the areas of administration , a competent judiciary , the combating of corruption and the guaranteeing of minority rights .
The compromise before us has been brought about , after a fifth trialogue , by the use of what I have to call legal artifice , and by renovation and repair in a process that we are unable to properly explain to anyone out there .
No other parliament in Europe will have the opportunity to say yes or no to individual countries ; all the others will merely have to ratify the treaty as a whole .
We are talking about the Slovaks and the Czechs , whose attempt , in 1968 , to change the course of European history resulted in much suffering for them , and who , with Charter 77 , also made a significant intellectual contribution to freeing Europe from totalitarianism and dictatorship .
He has already mentioned the great symbolic significance of this place .
I can assure you that the Commission will monitor very closely how commitments made in the course of negotiations are implemented .
Only now have we been handed this opportunity by the peoples of Central and Eastern Europe , who never reconciled themselves to being cut off from the free part of this continent .
Will the new Member States allow themselves to be part of a common European foreign policy ?
There will very soon be 27 of us , and only then will the present enlargement round be over .
Robert Schuman - whose name our Chamber bears - said , as long ago as the 1960s : ' One day , all Europeans will belong to the European Community , to the European Union , in freedom and in peace . '
The many unqualified statements by some Czech politicians in the past , statements made with an eye to the various election campaigns , have been too frustrating for that .
First , if the Czech younger generation in particular is able to move and develop in a wider democratic environment , the