good governance and democracy .
Far too often , we are prepared to support one against another group to the long-term detriment of peace in a particular region .
Finally , what we must do of course , is to stem the flow of arms into these regions , not just by actions against small arms .
I would like to see , as I outlined in my report last month , action taken against arms brokers throughout the European Union .
In many countries , there are no controls over the activities of arms brokers .
They are able to trade as they will , and in almost every conflict you will find arms brokers behind the proliferation of arms .
It is crucial as part of the EU code of conduct that we license arms brokers and start to control their activities .
It is no good governments tidying up exports if we allow private individuals to act in they way they are doing .
Similarly , we should also look at licensed manufacturing .
It is no good having rules on manufacturing within the EU if EU companies are able to license production outside as a way of getting round the controls .
I welcome this report , but would stress that we will not get anywhere unless we are prepared to stem the flow of arms into regions of conflict .
That requires much tougher action than we have been prepared to indulge in up to now .
This time last year I visited Belgrade , a rather bleak city , veering from despair to hope on a daily basis .
I went to see the NGOs working in humanitarian and free media fields , financed by the European Union , and the picture was not a particularly happy one .
The aspiration was there but the actuality was not .
The promise was there but the performance was not , because the money was not coming through and there was an administrative bungle .
I want to ask the Commissioner if he will confirm that he will thank the staff of the Commission both in Brussels , and in particular in the Belgrade office under Michael Graham , the head of the delegation , who throughout this time have gone through enormous change and have actually wrought a major difference in the process of moving towards democracy .
Despite the difficulties , they have achieved something rather remarkable .
I would like the Commissioner to confirm that he will thank not only those people but also the NGOs working in the field .
More particularly I hope he will accept the thanks of this House , because he has demonstrated that democratic activism not only works in Hong Kong but also in Serbia .
I would also like to thank the Commissioner for his efforts and I hope I can without being pretentious assure him that the relatively low attendance in this House does not , I am sure , reflect the level of interest in this subject .
I think , just as an aside , there is something weird about the procedures of this House that we spend an hour and a half voting at lunchtime but for such an important topic we do not enable people to be here in the numbers that would reflect the interest .
I wanted to ask him about regional cooperation .
Is he , and we as the European Union , making progress in convincing the players in the region that when we encourage them to have regional cooperation , this is not a diversion from a move towards Europe and to eventual membership of the European Union , assuming all the criteria will be met with no deadlines and timescales , but a step towards eventual EU membership ?
Mr President , I want to put on record the European Parliament 's concern and apprehension on the subject of the Hague Conference .
Firstly , as was mentioned earlier , there is the question of the participation of MEPs in the conference at all .
Whatever European Union policies flow from this conference at The Hague will have to come to this Parliament for debate , amendment and agreement , that is the European policies .
National policies , whatever they are , will have to go through national parliaments , but we will have a hand in agreeing whatever comes forward as a European Union policy as a consequence of The Hague .
So far our promised participation in the EU delegation has been limited to three parliamentarians .
At the same time the exact nature of parliamentary participation is very unclear .
We would like to be able to send a bigger delegation .
We realise that COREPER is going to wrestle with this next week but we look forward to hearing any news from the Commissioner on this .
We would also like our representatives to be briefed before the conference .
I hope we can have a full briefing from the Commissioner , we will hear about that in a moment , and to receive all necessary briefing during it .
But that is not all : we need our representatives to be present at all the EU delegation meetings , including those where tactics and policy are discussed .
We do not believe that in asking for this we are asking for too much .
Given our involvement in the making of European Union law it is absurd for the Commission and Council to keep the negotiations to themselves .
Secondly , there is the question of how far the industrialised countries , including the United States , are really sincere about COP6 and the ratification of Kyoto .
Do they , and in all honesty do we , really want to go forward or are we about to witness a slamming on of the brakes ?
