has already managed to prevent , at least so far , the Mediterranean crossings by desperate people in the traffickers ’ old tubs and the resulting tragic shipwrecks .
Its creation has thus made it possible to achieve a positive outcome in the fight against the despicable trafficking in human beings .     Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , as Members of the European Parliament we sit in this Chamber representing the citizens of the 25 nations that make up the European Union .
It must do so through a common policy , with choices that are mutually agreed upon and maintained , and not by means of ineffective initiatives which isolate certain Member States .
Seized by despair , they hijacked the aeroplane and forced it to land in Sudan .
For this reason it is necessary to set up a single European agency for refugees and European reception centres to examine individual requests , providing legal and linguistic assistance .
All this unequivocally demonstrates that the strategies adopted up to now have not had positive results .
Our report , which has been adopted by the Committee on Civil Liberties , Justice and Home Affairs , is therefore based on the need to fight drug trafficking , organised crime and terrorism and to give priority to saving lives and protecting health .
Only by keeping alive persons who currently cannot or do not want to stop using narcotic substances can we hope that in the future they will succeed in escaping from all forms of dependence .
In the High Representative’s actions in Ukraine we have glimpsed a sign that the initiative in that direction is being strengthened .
Regarding the Middle East , we must ensure that the presidential elections in Palestine give the road map a new boost and that the Israeli Government’s unilateral decisions , such as the withdrawal from Gaza , are included in the negotiations with the Quartet , so that the creation of the Palestinian state can be completed within the established time frame .
We are not at all worried about the voting system that we should use .
Last week , on 9 December , I found myself in Reggio Calabria , where I had been invited by the Pensioners ’ Party official Carlo Rositani to give a lecture at the Tommaso Gulli Teacher Training College .
We call for a referendum to be held in all the countries of the European Union so that the people can have their say , because the peoples of Europe are against Turkey’s accession .     . – The delegation has voted for the Eurlings report on the opening of the accession procedure for Turkey , a procedure that will take several years .
Secondly , it would have a negative effect on the allocation of European funds to regions currently considered to be ‘lagging behind in their development ’ , such as Sicily , at least in the short term .
I also refer to the requests and aspirations of the Hungarian minority , which consists of 1.5 million people ; the treatment of the disabled ; the shameful condition of the health infrastructure , especially those facilities housing patients with mental problems ; the violent methods and actual physical abuse practised by the forces of law and order ; a judicial system that fails to meet the criteria of efficiency and independence ; as well as media that are still not entirely free .
Romania is Europe ; Romania has a civil and political society based on values which , despite their undeniable highs and lows , have to be regarded as perfectly comparable to the values on which the European Union is based .
We have to put a stop to illegal immigration , and Romania has to defend its external borders and actively collaborate in stamping out this activity , which does no credit to the civilisation of Eugen Ionescu , Mircea Eliade and the many other great writers and thinkers of a civilisation that we feel is close to us and which we share .     – Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I thank the rapporteur , Mr Moscovici , for giving us a balanced report , which points out the advances made by Romania in recent years .
Baroness Nicholson of Winterbourne did well to recall the position from which Romania started and the reasons that have made progress so difficult for that country .
There is no doubt that there are topics about which our fellow citizens are concerned , the most important of which is the inadequacy of the fight against organised crime .
Let us therefore welcome Mr Moscovici’s suggestion to that effect .
Romania must , however , make rapid progress to fulfil all the accession commitments , especially in the area of the Community .
Our group has no objection in principle .
Commissioner , we appreciate your offer of collaboration , and our willingness to extend the life of this programme should be interpreted as an act of trust .
I fully agree with the need to extend the implementing arrangements relating to human rights , development and democracy .
I should therefore like us to retain our own individual character and also to value the important work that we are doing .
To that end , we must invest heavily in volunteers .
To me it seems not so much a free choice as a mandatory solution , without any alternatives .
Commissioner , what results have the information monitoring centre , the solidarity fund and the Community mechanism achieved in terms of risk forecasting and prevention , rather than of emergency and post-emergency management ?
In conclusion , I believe we need to promote the action of civil protection volunteers and to support it with structured training , equipment and funds , so that it can become an essential resource for dealing with emergencies and natural and other disasters .
