Our collective experience on this continent , which has been involved in conflicts and horrors throughout the last century , makes Europeans particularly sensitive to the absolute need to develop and affirm international criminal justice as an instrument of service to human rights and humanitarian standards worldwide .
The trial of ex-President Slobodan Milosevic in the Hague which has recently started is just one more example of this tendency that is gathering more momentum throughout the world , for this is what world-wide public opinion demands , and because it has to be seen as the logical conclusion of the current process of globalisation .
Whilst in the Rome Diplomatic Conference 120 States voted for its adoption , the Treaty has been signed by a total of 139 States , that is to say , an overwhelming majority of the international community .
It is also appropriate to highlight the work that is being carried out in this regard by a large number of non-governmental organisations , frequently with the assistance and cooperation of the European Union .
No one can say that the International Criminal Court is going to be a Court simply for the Western world or developed countries .
Next , we will have to develop and strengthen all the mechanisms that will help the new institution in order to guarantee its effectiveness both in its headquarters and on the ground .
All of this is taking place on the basis of the common position adopted in June 2001 , which I mentioned earlier , which , if necessary , could be supplemented by a more detailed action plan or , when appropriate , through an updating or refining of its terms depending on the progress of the process .
I am sure , Mr President , that we will lack neither the will nor the consistency to be able to persevere in our commitment , and , for this reason , I believe I will always be able to count on the support of this Parliament .
When the Rome Statute was approved , Kofi Annan considered it a gigantic step forward .
Since 1995 , this Parliament has been working towards the creation of this criminal court , and subsequently , in 1998 , the Rome Conference very clearly stated the work that needed to be done to set it up .
From the signing of the Association Agreement , in 1963 , and its formal request for accession in 1987 and the Customs Union signed in 1996 , relations have had a long journey , which has not always been easy , characterised by mutual interest , rapprochement and , at the same time , by the clear European requirement for certain indispensable conditions that apply to every candidate for accession to the Union to be met .
Two-thousand-and-one saw one of the most important changes in Turkey ' s process of democratisation : the adoption of a package of 34 amendments to the constitution , which is the most profound change that this fundamental legislation has undergone since its entry into force in 1982 .
It is also to be welcomed that the Council of Ministers has approved the decree that will allow Amnesty International to legally open an office in Turkey .
Turkey could be said to have the basic characteristics of a democratic system , but the implementation of the reforms necessary to guarantee democracy and the Rule of Law is taking place extremely slowly .
An essential element of the Turkish process of democratisation is what is known as the National Programme for the Incorporation of the Acquis , presented by the Turkish government shortly after the Council of the European Union approved the Association Agreement for accession in March 2001 .
This message was repeated by the National Security Council when it stated that the campaigns requesting Kurdish language education have been orchestrated by the PKK with clearly separatist intentions , adding that this party , the PKK , is attempting to take another step in its strategy of politicisation and of creating a Kurdish nation .
There have been thousands of cases of people from the HADEP party being arrested , and although the majority have been released following a short period of detention , these individuals were arrested for being suspected members of the PKK terrorist organisation and were accused of being involved in terrorist activities .
Recently , the Secretary General for European Union Affairs , Volkan Vural , announced that a second package of legislative reforms is being prepared .
With regard to polluting emissions from vehicles and their noise levels , we must concede that notable progress has been made .
Given the need to make progress on improving methods and on carrying out pilot projects , financial resources will be made available from the new action programme for health , to develop and test the methodologies to assess the impact of transport on health .
I will say straight away that it deserves the approval of the Socialist Group .
Is there a sufficient constituent basis amongst European communities ?
We hope that this situation will change in the near future .
Mr President , this morning , just three hours ago , the ETA terrorist organisation tried to murder Ester Cabezudo , a Socialist councillor from the Portugalete Local Council , and her bodyguard .
That is very democratic behaviour .
With regard to Amendment No 10 , which refers to the concern at the unsustainable nature of several water management programmes , specifically the Spanish National Hydrological Plan , we voted for all its points , although in the end only part of it was approved .
The President , as Mr Poettering well knows , since he was with me in the seminar that he invited us to , insists that we should hold comprehensible debates .
Today 's Spanish press widely reports the adoption