also the Member States have not made the slightest effort to work together to make it easier for artists , their works and productions to circulate .
Every year on 8 March demonstrations are held and statements made in support of sexual equality but it cannot be repeated often enough that if society is not involved in that process there is little that legislation can do to ensure that women 's representation in public life matches their demographic importance .
What they do need is positive discrimination in the work place to enable them to come up to the level corresponding to the 52 % of the population that they represent .
The Commission should not accept this situation and must react against this blatant provocation which to my mind is typically imperialistic .
In conclusion , the Commission and all the Member States , without exception , must tell the United States that the tactic of divide and rule is an ancient one but is well known to us Europeans and will not work with the European Union .
We have already given in to the World Trade Organisation on many occasions .
Mr President , the first question to be asked about the European Union 's own resources is whether they are sufficient for the policies that we intend to implement .
Furthermore , we must also consider whether there might not be other areas in which Community action is desirable and which would need resources to be allocated to them .
We must , after all , ensure a fresh distribution of the available resources between producers and regions .
Therefore , in our opinion , and without wishing to go over the top , we think that this problem can only be solved if we improve the existing system of own resources , in particular by giving greater weight to GNP when calculating the transfers .
The only product of any significance is canned tomatoes , but even they account for no more than 7 % of the market .
These were by no means easy negotiations but I can tell you that the final outcome is well-balanced .
So , I do not think frankly they are disrupting the internal market in South Africa .
The problem with beef arose a few years ago and I am quite confident that has been solved and that there is no such problem today .
So it is to compensate them for the higher prices which the CAP imposes on tomatoes , to ensure a level playing field as regards canned tomatoes .
As to trade agreement and refunds , it was indeed suggested at a certain moment in the negotiations that if South Africa would lower some tariffs we would phase out our export refunds .
I have to say , however , that in my opinion the European Union was exemplary in the way in which it took account of certain legitimate South African concerns - in particular the fact that it had inherited a difficult situation in terms of how customs duties were applied , and the need to restructure the automobile and textile sectors ( something now under way ) , to mention just two examples .
Please bear with me if , in the short amount of time at my disposal , I concentrate on priority project No 8 , dealing with links between Portugal and Europe via Spain .
As Mr Wijsenbeek said earlier , there really is a world of a difference between the port of Oporto and the port of Rotterdam in terms of infrastructure .
Mr President , of the fourteen priority projects for the trans-European transport networks established at the Essen Council in December 1994 , three are at the finishing stages and six are due to be completed by the year 2005 , while for the other five there is a great deal of vagueness about their timetable , costs and funding .
Are there three or four corridors ?
In the short term the Lisbon-Algarve motorway , the second stage of the Via do Infante and the Ayamonte-Seville link must be joined up to form part of the European road network .
The Commission therefore presented , in November 1997 , a proposal to communitarise the programme with the backing of the European Parliament in May 1998 , demanding co-decision for the nomination and selection of cities based on solid cultural criteria .
The outcome is an honourable compromise in which neither party loses face : the governments managed to hold on to the right to define a rota system among the Member States to decide which of them is entitled to nominate cities , while Parliament has been given the right to select the given cities within that system .
On this score , I should like to emphasise three points .
As if all farmers had benefited equally from it in the past .
But perhaps I should add that this is happening at a time when 13 of the 15 governments and 11 prime ministers are all Socialists .
It would prevent them from developing on an equal footing with the others .
It opens up the possibility for any entity , person or group , not necessarily with previous experience of or links with the rail sector , to gain access to a business , regardless of their national origin and the Member State in which they are applying .
The railways have to be seen as a means of transport that is closely linked to others , since that is the only way to guarantee users satisfactory services and to ensure that all means of transport achieve maximum profitability .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , the Trakatellis report is a moderate one .
As far as I am concerned , the only thing I ask of a smoker is that they do not disturb me and blow their smoke over me