the number of legal immigrants to be admitted to their territories , we welcomed the Commission 's initiation of a study on the relationship between legal and illegal immigration .
We also confirmed the urgent need for an economic plan to revive the region 's economy – which we named after the plan which brought about Europe’s recovery after the Second World War , the Marshall Plan – with the support of the G8 countries and the Member States of the European Union .
The Italian Presidency maintained constant contact with France , Germany and the United Kingdom with regard to the mission of their Foreign Ministers to Teheran yesterday , 21 October .
We refer to the tragic developments in the situation in Bolivia and the turbulent preparations for elections in Guatemala , and express our concern at the violence and intimidation that is dominating the pre-electoral period there .
The Growth Initiative is simple and practical .
Firstly , it takes advantage of the potential offered by a higher rate of Union cofinancing .
In particular , however , the funding must comply with the Stability and Growth Pact and it must be in line with the commitment to improve the quality of expenditure , as set out in the Broad Economic Policy Guidelines .
May I express my appreciation , at this point , for the great spirit of cooperation displayed by the European Investment Bank , which has drawn up a meticulous plan for financing this Initiative and with which we are working in complete harmony .
Indeed , it has given the Commission the green light to prepare a detailed proposal , in conjunction with the European Investment Bank , to put to the Heads of State or Government for approval in December .
If the new Constitution is to be approved in December , it is vital for the Presidency to come forward by mid-November with clear proposals that can meet with consensus .
As you know , throughout the last Intergovernmental Conference , I fought for double simple majority voting in Council decision-making .
We must strongly oppose this idea , which seeks to overturn the balance crafted by the Convention .
That is the difference .
Remember – and , here , since everyone else is doing so , I really do want to recall the great battle that took place over the wording of the US Constitution  – that , if it cannot be amended , our Constitution will not be workable and will fall apart at the very first hitch .
Today , no one can cope with it satisfactorily , given the lack of a single EU policy approach to the phenomenon .
Moreover – to show you the full extent of the problems – these countries need to have such legal lists so they can step up measures to discourage these desperate attempts by illegal immigrants .
We believe that this is a genuine question of democracy .
With regard to the famous list of trans-European transport networks , all we hear today are the cries of the two categories of interested parties : those lamenting the inclusion of a particular tunnel or corridor and those who are champing at the bit and want to start building as soon as possible .
Without further ado , we would say to President Prodi that we greatly welcome the idea , particularly if this new list is based on the quality of the work and its social and environmental sustainability , unlike the Van Miert list organised by Commissioner de Palacio .
One last point , Mr President-in-Office : as you know , the European Parliament is extremely sensitive to the question of its citizens ’ rights .
Clearly , then , I cannot say we are laying too much blame at the door of the Italian Presidency .
Quite the opposite : we know we are indebted to Italy for the major contributions it has made to European integration at crucial times as a founder country .
The debate started with the new development introduced by the Convention’s draft regarding the operation of the Union’s legislative process , which is no longer to be dispersed among the many different configurations of the Council of Ministers , but with legislative powers being concentrated in a single General and Legislative Affairs Council instead .
In the questionnaire-based consultation which took place before the debate between Foreign Affairs Ministers , a large number of the governments said ‘no’ , although we do not know what their reasons were .
This way of doing things is unacceptable .
He said that the big fish we think we have caught with the draft Convention is in danger of being reduced to its backbone , for the sharks have taken away the meat .
The European members of the Security Council have , at last , come to an agreement , and now the Council has to turn that compromise into an initiative : there can and must be a return to multilateralism , we can work together in the field of reconstruction , the humanitarian crisis , security and the democratic transition to Iraqi sovereignty in Iraq under the mandate and guidance of the United Nations .
The policies put forward by the President-in-Office of the Council can only be considered if we disregard the actual situation in Europe .
However , the war continues in Iraq and is polluting the world .
Rather , I would draw your attention to the failure of this policy , of the policy of control rather than receiving immigrants and creating a different development model .
The tragedies which have taken place along the coasts of Italy call for the Council to decide to give political refugees the right of asylum , a matter which has been at a standstill for too long , and to clearly condemn governments which do not respect human rights , do not invest in resources to combat hunger and fail to expose terrorist and fundamentalist organisations present on their territory