I believe that the cases to be heard in Brescia and in Bergamo are on the borderline , and involve a Member of this House using his immunity to the utmost , even to the detriment of others .
This makes it very important to note that the ECB has in fact delivered itself of a number of brief but clear and notable statements on the reform of the Stability and Growth Pact .
Let me conclude by saying that last year saw the ECB taking a great stride towards the clearing of payments and the settlement of securities .
I can well understand how , at a time of great political pressure such as the present , the ECB is unwilling to publish minutes , let alone records showing who voted for what , but I do hope that the day will come when the minutes can be published , along with indications of the way the votes went .
We are , of course , currently seeing to what extent it is applied , and what effect it has , in Italy , and there are doubts in some people’s minds about that .
I would also urge you , though , to deter countries from running up deficits – if need be , by means of higher interest rates and poorer internal ratings .
When , in 1999 , the Commission forwarded to the Council and Parliament its proposal for restrictions on phthalates in toys and childcare articles , it did not expect so much time to elapse before this directive was eventually adopted .
It is also a good thing that we have been able to broker agreement between Parliament and the Council , and so I am addressing my fellow-Members of this House when I say that I am not entirely satisfied either with the way this debate has gone or with the result that has emerged from it .
Phthalates in soft PVC , though , are no more than the tip of the iceberg .
Mr President , the report that we are debating underlines the importance and strength of this House .
Another primary requirement is for distributed generation , which will make the network more stable , and this will require proper maintenance and the development of a true internal market .     .
What makes a difference is whether there is a clear dividing line between technical inventions , which will of course continue to be protected by patents , and software , which is , in any case , already protected by copyright .
They organised a hearing , the result of which left no doubt about the fact that they believe that the Common Position – capable of improvement though it is , of course – meets the conditions laid down and resolves the problems .
The rules on software patents that we are debating here today could well turn out to be a job-creating measure – the jobs in question being created for lawyers , who will have a lot to do if we do not reject the demand made of us today .     Mr President , although it is claimed that we are debating one of the most controversial pieces of legislation , that would be the case only if half of us were in favour of it and half against .
I am persuaded that we will be doing democracy , small and medium-sized enterprises , even , indeed , economic prosperity a favour if we vote against these software patents .
We have dozens more amendments to consider , and have scarcely any idea what their effects will be .
This Common Position contains things that I could enumerate point by point , and which are mentioned in the amendments , and they lead me to take the view that it does not make for legal certainty , fails to foster innovation , and frightens small businesses .
I would like to respond to what the Council Presidency has said by again emphasising the possibility of creating jobs even in regions that are already regarded as lost causes .
Our group found the issue of the reimbursement of VAT by the Regional Funds a difficult one to discuss .
The emphasis on the regions most likely to benefit from support , albeit not to the detriment of those affected by the statistical effect , is the logical consequence of Article 160 of the European Communities Treaty .
To sum up , we are convinced that ESF measures must continue to benefit asylum seekers , who , in many cases , have been with us for many months , waiting for a decision on their applications for asylum , and so they need our support .
Following the last European Council , it is to be hoped that the British will come up with one initiative or another as regards how this is to be funded .
Few , if any , of these additional tasks are being performed to their fullest extent , and so the Community needs to intervene in this area if we are to have an overarching structural policy .
All these have resulted in a wide-ranging debate in the Committee on Women’s Rights and Gender Equality and a report supported by almost all the groups .
It really does testify to our political bankruptcy that women make up only 4 % of the members of our national legislatures and 1 % of our local councils .
Mrs Niebler is grateful to all of you for the good and fair cooperation in the Committee while preparing this important report .
The same argument holds good in respect of the third issue , namely our call for more pressure to be exerted on the Member States and the social partners to get them to improve matters .
There is a need for political will ,