Mr Bolkestein , the Commission is the Guardian of the Treaties .
Who distributes the post in Sweden ?
I would like to finish off with one last observation .
Apparently , the proposal is founded on an ideological principle , namely that companies should no longer be publicly owned .
Fledgling companies could in future cite this restriction in their freedom as grounds for filing a complaint on account of improper government intrusion and distortion of competition .
This is more than enough to support the public tasks , such as adequate universal provision of services and a uniform rate .
The postal services are ready for it , so is the market , and the customer wants efficient , high-quality and affordable services .
Mr President , Mrs Lynne stated in her amendment that there are currently 22 cases before the courts in Indonesia and in Timor .
In various Member States , it has transpired that resale right is superfluous and causes distortions on the internal market .
Rendering this legislation compulsory would immediately and seriously harm Europe ' s competitive position in terms of art compared to other markets , because resale right outside Europe is non-existent .
Of course , I realise that artists are entitled to remuneration for their creativity , but unlike books , in the case of visual arts , this right is actually bought at the initial sale .
.
The murder of the Dutch journalist , Sander Thoenes , on East Timor , occupied by Indonesia at the time , remains unsolved .
For a variety of reasons , such as noise pollution , air pollution and energy consumption , the discouragement of shorter flights , certainly domestic flights , deserves much attention .
The outcome of that consultation was discussed within Ecofin at the end of November .
I am of the opinion that this idea can be combined with the original Commission proposal for one single registration without putting up bureaucratic barriers for industry .
I am of the opinion that considerable headway has been made under the French Presidency , and I am convinced that in 2001 , Sweden will continue in the same vein .
This is a simplification measure which regulates the exchange of information between the Member States on VAT numbers in the electronic trade , and we will take the proposal to heart in our future work in Parliament and the Council .
Finally , I would like to comment on the report on tax on aircraft fuel .
These discussions will prove very difficult , however , since the possibility of levying tax on aircraft fuel was not decided on at the previous general meeting .
This is why the patent office is based in Munich .
The Commission empathises with the situation Mr Berenguer Fuster has cited .
Consequently , as the Commission has no information whatsoever on the basis of which it can conclude that these Member States have taken the necessary measures , it recently sent a written reminder to those countries .
Also , the Commission has assessed whether the funding of the project can be reconciled with the rules of the Treaty in terms of state support and has not reached a verdict yet .
It is expected that the proposal will be approved by the Commission early next year , which is very shortly .
I would very much like to assure Mr Trakattellis of this fact .
I would like to underline that the Member States have exclusive authority to define whether , when and to what extent measures are necessary and commensurate so as to facilitate the free movement of goods on their territory .
I would also add that a number of MEPs did not receive the correct English text until this morning , when we were discussing the report .
That would be premature and in so doing , we would miss the debate .
If a group would like to vote against , it has of course every right to do so , but we must also give others the opportunity to vote in favour and let the democratic process run its course .
We can then iron out this minor inaccuracy .
Too much noise from infrastructure affects the health of human beings , and reduces their quality of life .
Lden is an annual average .
The Environmental Committee ' s most controversial proposal is to develop a daughter directive on aircraft noise at this early stage .
That is not doing the European citizens any good , and that is why these standards are required .
As far as legislation is concerned , I would , however , like to prioritise and , initially , to opt for regulation of noise around airports .
However , rail and car traffic noise are issues which can be solved more easily by means of technical directives .
The largest airports are located in densely populated areas and their environments are becoming less and less inhabitable .
Credit should go to the rapporteur , in the first instance , and the support he has received in committee .
Another group may claim that the proposal contains technical problems .
We would not ask for peeled and cut carrots to be plunged into alginate , and support the rapporteur in his amendment .
After all , a number of years ago , it became clear that citrus pulp from Brazil , which was contaminated with dioxin , had ended up in animal feed in the Netherlands , Belgium and in Germany .
During the trialogue , it became clear that the Council did not intend to shift from this position .
I wish her every success , and she knows she can count on me .
Precaution is applicable in situations where science cannot provide a conclusive answer .
There is no such thing as absolute scientific certainty about new substances or products ,