In other words , each institution needs to have sufficient financial means to fulfil the tasks assigned to it .
Citizens ' requests for diplomacy must receive an adequate response from the European Union .
This is a case in point .
Mr President , I should firstly like to congratulate the rapporteurs of these reports because they contain information and proposals that will be of great use to us .
Such programmes need our political support , which Parliament duly gives , but the Commission also needs support to enable it to act effectively and take into account exactly how much these programmes cost from both an economic and administrative point of view .
Once again , we are dealing with an annual report on respect for human rights in the European Union , which , in its original version , contains an excellent and well structured explanatory statement with reliable data from the European institutions , and which focuses on the legal and real aspects of the respect for human rights in the Union .
That is why we shall be voting in favour of those paragraphs in the report that truly reflect the problems relating to human rights .
However , we are obliged to vote against those paragraphs in the report that do not respect the concept of human rights , those that go beyond our competences or those that contravene Community law .
I notice that the Council is aware of the issue , but the FAA , the United States Federal Aviation Administration , is leading the way in this matter , and my particular question relates to whether or not research is continuing in this respect in Europe as it is in the United States .
Is the Council aware that maintaining the status quo is tantamount to favouring one side , that , due to the lack of sufficient pressure to resolve the impasse , it is condemning a population to continue living in exile , deprived of its rights , and that , out of all the potential voters , this situation only affects those who are in favour of independence ?
What we would like - and this is my last point - is to see a united and energetic stance taken by the European Union , which says to Morocco , because it is in a position to : 'look here , the referendum should take place now and it is not only the United Nations that is calling for this , but also the European Union , which historically has close links with the Sahara . '
Can you do anything to ensure that our concern for these issues is passed on to your successors , so that maybe we can do something about it within 10 years ?
The existence of this high authority would mean that , in cases such as those that took place a few weeks ago in Melilla , where two local policemen were arrested , accused of raping a Moroccan woman , or in Toulouse , where a Maghrebi citizen was killed by the local police , the responsibility of the security forces could be better determined .
It is not a matter of defending Saddam Hussein .
It is not going to become a point of reference for the world in terms of the defence of peace .
I must stress yet again that it is not Saddam Hussein who is being punished , despite being a tyrant , but the Iraqi people , who have already suffered enough .
The United States , however , prides itself on being the leading democracy in the world .
That is why I believe that we in the European Union must do all in our power to put a stop to this .
We must request that they be given a prompt and fair trial , before a civil court , with legal representation and in the presence of outside observers .
I therefore feel we must keep up a constant fight against such attitudes .
In addition to these general provisions , which should form the basis of any policy implemented within the European Union , we should not overlook the importance of specific measures that help to eliminate racial discrimination .
Consequently , it is absolutely essential to make the legal services that exist under the rule of law available to all citizens as they strive to combat racism and xenophobia .
The need for better law-making is stressed in particular .
For instance , legislation may be used to lay down a standard , but it may also determine the creation of a public institution , or provide for government expenditure , etcetera .
I should like to emphasise that I find it quite amazing that it is possible to work successfully with 15 countries in 11 languages and legislate for all of them .
Initially , the Edinburgh European Council of December 1992 established a global perspective for the implementation of the principles of subsidiarity and proportionality .
This laid down guidelines for drafting Council acts .
There is also the protocol on the role of national parliaments .
Mr President , I would like to ask a question , because some of my colleagues tell me that these Friday votes are subject to the same rules as those on the other days with regard to participation in roll-call votes for the purposes of the payment of our salaries .
I wish the German Foreign Secretary health and strength as he discharges these many responsibilities over the next six months .
In other words , accounting may come to take precedence over economic realities .
It could be the case that , having invested a small amount , a particular Member State is in receipt of benefits out of all proportion to its initial investment .
Varying speeds