germs know no boundaries .
However , if germs fail to respect national boundaries , they will , and of course do , fail to respect EU borders .
Thus , despite the enthusiasm for yet another EU agency , any effective control programme must look beyond the limited vision of a mere 15 states .
It must take a wider perspective .
In this we are fortunate .
Since 1984 we have had the highly effective World Health Organisation 's surveillance programme for the control of food-borne infections and intoxications in Europe , based in Berlin at the Von Ostertag-Institut .
Interestingly , unlike the little Europeans who are so often behind this EU project , the WHO 's concept of Europe originally embraced 32 countries , which included the former Soviet Union and has since expanded to include all countries from the Urals to the Atlantic , from Iceland to Israel .
Not only does the WHO cover Europe it also has a wider remit across the whole planet and this is important .
If one charts the progress of the main food-borne diseases which currently affect Europe , most actually made their first appearance in the Americas .
For instance , to name but one , the recent threat of E. coli O157 probably emerged in South America .
It then spread to the USA , then to Canada , thence to Australia and Japan , before significant outbreaks occurred in mainland Europe - the first one being in Germany .
As a result , many of the control initiatives which have subsequently been adopted in Europe , have originated in other countries , particularly the USA .
Risk assessment must start where the problems starts .
Therefore , if one acknowledges the need for a transnational agency to bolster the efforts of individual agencies - and indeed I do - then any such agency should not only deal with Europe : it must have a global reach taking in global information .
That is precisely what the WHO does for us : working with its regional organisations in a wholly integrated manner .
This cannot be achieved by an EU organisation .
Given that the WHO programme remains properly funded and supported , there would appear to be no need whatsoever for yet another agency , especially one with such a limited reach as the 15 Member States of the European Union .
Food safety is far too important for it to become yet another excuse for EU integration .
It displays the very worst of the European Union , because the perception is one of control freakery .
Mr President , my colleague Mr Bowis has played a fine hand with the cards which he has been dealt .
But I intend to ask whether those cards should have been dealt at all .
Over and over in this House we discuss the details of proposals which have been put before us but we fail to ask whether those proposals should be there at all .
We already have food safety agencies in most Member States .
We have scientific committees advising the Commission .
We have the World Health Organisation in Geneva .
What will a European Food Safety Agency add ?
It will largely duplicate the activities of existing agencies .
Its main function is public relations .
It is driven by the desperate need to persuade a sceptical public that the European institutions are delivering something - anything - of value .
Would the new agency have prevented the British BSE crisis or the Belgian dioxin crisis ?
As Mr Blokland rightly says , almost certainly not .
We need to recognise the law of diminishing returns .
As we create new levels of bureaucracy and spend ever more money we get less and less in return .
We are told we cannot question the value of money spent on human health .
Yet , as politicians allocating finite resources , we must ask these questions .
Would the vast cost of this new agency be better spent on cancer research or smoking prevention or road safety ?
Almost certainly these areas would deliver better value in terms of lives saved , yet no one is prepared to ask the question .
I turn to the question of location for the agency .
In my view its main task should be to coordinate better the work of existing agencies .
The heads of national agencies should constitute its board .
These people should continue to sit at their own desks , in front of their own computers .
The location of the agency should therefore be not in Barcelona , Helsinki or Italy , but on the Internet , in cyberspace .
It would be efficient , transparent and accessible .
This would be a truly twenty-first century solution .
Mr President , some of us have been involved for many years in trying to overcome the scourge of anti-personnel landmines .
It is an issue that has caught the public imagination in many of our countries .
Governments have expressed their commitment and pledged large sums of money .
NGOs have sprouted up in response to the need and yet , some four years after the first United Nation 's landmine conference in Geneva and over a year after the entry into force of the Ottawa Convention , we must recognise that many countries and thousands of people , usually in the poorest regions of the world , are still terribly afflicted by anti-personnel landmines and unexploded munitions .
Why is progress so slow ?
It seems to me that the problems are threefold .
Firstly , we need to be focused in our aims .
The anti-personnel landmine campaign should not be used as an opportunity to attack western governments , particularly the United States , western military establishments , or western industry .
For the most part , western governments are not the problem but part of the solution .
