The people subject to discrimination should not delude themselves ; only their fight , in cooperation with consistent , working-class movements , with the fighting grass-roots movements , can put the brakes on their marginalisation and exclusion from the social and political rights of which capitalism and its political exponents have deprived them .     – Mr President , the post-war balances reflected institutionally in the UN have now been overturned .
Mankind needs a new , democratic , multilateral system which will express contemporary geographical and political realities .
However , no reform will be able to achieve its objective unless the UN regains its lost credibility as regards the application of its resolutions .
They oppose and are fighting the new , worse , insurance systems .
That is why the workers should have no delusions or room for expectations .
In Greece , the government has used deficits and financial prudence in order to unleash a series of anti-grass roots austerity measures and programmes , thereby guaranteeing even more poverty for the people .
This is an important development , if you consider that the European tyre industry produces around 300 million tyres annually and uses 250 000 tonnes of extender oils , which are incorporated into the rubber matrix and remain in the rubber used for the end tyre .
These oils contain certain quantities of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons , which are classified as carcinogenic , mutagenic and reprotoxic substances , as well as persistent organic pollutants .
Taking as a starting point the protection of public health and the environment , as well as public safety and the smooth functioning of the internal market , and following consultations both with the Commission and the Council , as well as with the tyre and oil industry and non-governmental organisations , I tried to draft a balanced report , which was amended accordingly by the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Food Safety .
In detail and as regards the transitional period , which is considered necessary in order to develop new types of tyres with extender oils which contain the minimum quantity of the substances which concern us , it is proposed that it be extended to 1 January 2010 .
We therefore propose that there should be no exemption in the application of the directive .
As regards the methods for detecting and defining polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons , the Commission has proposed limiting the quantity of benzo[a]pyrene , the substance which will act as a marker for the entire group , to 1 mg per kilogramme or , taking all listed PAHs , to no more than 10 mg per kilogramme .
As far as the oil content in car tyres is concerned , as ISO 21461 method has been developed in order to detect this type of oils in tyres , it is proposed that it be defined in the directive as an addendum to the Commission proposal .
It tries to focus solely on taking measures to ban the use of fishing gear throughout the Mediterranean , whereas it is common knowledge that the burden on this sea 's ecosystem is an extremely acute problem of marine pollution , as the result both of the careless use of pesticides and industrial pollution in general .
That is because , on the pretext of protecting fish stocks , the proposal reduces the fishing capacity , resulting in the immediate reduction and disappearance of income from fisheries for small and medium-sized fishing operations and , ultimately , a mass exodus from this occupation .
We believe that the policy of managing fishing capacity and the development of fisheries cannot be comprehended separately from the interests of small and medium-sized fishing operations .
May I also take this opportunity to congratulate Mrs Fraga on her report on the Mediterranean .
This was an ecological disaster which came to light and was discovered , because there are others which we know nothing about .
I should like to say that it is our duty to protect the environment and the report by our honourable friend moves in that direction , which is why we should all vote for it .
We have an obligation to leave fish in our seas for future generations .     – The motion for a resolution on the reform of the UN forms part of efforts by the imperialist powers to conduct a reactionary reform of the founding principles of the UN , in a bid to record and 'legalise ' the provisional imperialist rule as 'international law ' .
Nonetheless , the disagreements and infighting between them are exacerbating and , at the same time , strengthening the people 's fight .
The UN is not suffering from democratisation measures .
The EU 's overall policy , including the policy projected through the joint motion for a resolution signed by the 'conservatives ' and social-democrat parties , proves that the USA and the EU are two sides of the same coin .
Otherwise , they will lead the country to results which are the opposite of those anticipated , such as even greater unemployment and a wider social gap .
We roundly condemn the murder of the journalist Elmar Huseynov , the ban on rallies , such as the recent rally cancelled by the Mayor of Baku on 21 May , and the cases of infringement of judicial independence , and we call on the country to dynamically promote institutional , legal and administrative reform .
We want a Europe with ambitions and solidarity for its citizens : more united , stronger , more social , more democratic and with a stronger European Parliament .
It has increased over the last seven years by a mere 8 % , while national budgets have increased by 23 % .
I wonder why those who raised the subject were unable to raise it in 2002 when they signed off everything to do with the CAP and