and are now having to face up to the reality of their pledges .
There is a very good case now for the new title on employment .
We should be careful in particular about the question of institutional balance .
We look forward to economic and monetary union , which is a truly revolutionary development .
Those gains must be held on to .
We do not wish to make civil servants of the whole population ; that is not our thinking .
They are not in the know .
It mentions unemployment but promises shackles and deprivation .
Mr President , this text , this construct , proffers a rich menu for the multinational monopolies to gorge themselves on , and all the resolutions are like the waiters at the table , which is why I have voted against them as well .
The Spencer report , which is meticulous , honest and clear-sighted , underlines that reality in many of its points .
In addition , the report insists on the need to maintain parliamentary control of the financing of the CFSP , and it is a well known fact that not all of the Member States agree with that .
However , I see things in a slightly harder light .
Secondly , the principle of equal treatment does not seem to count for much .
Cyprus is a case in point .
Madam President , congratulations are due to Mr Spencer for his report .
The biggest trading power on earth , as our Union affects to call itself , seems to confirm the views of those who mockingly describe it as a voiceless diplomat , a blind general and a lame soldier .
There is , in fact , a desire , within the diffuse economic perception that grips us , to substitute money for our political and strategic absence .
Mr President , there are some positive things in Mr McMillan-Scott 's report .
It is if China were a defeated country to which Mr McMillan-Scott is dictating terms .
From the Dalai Lama ?
But Tibet has been an integral part of China since time immemorial .
Has Mr McMillan-Scott not got wind of that yet ?
Two sovereign states came to an agreement and Hong Kong is now part of China ...
Mr President , it has been said in this Chamber on many occasions that the European Union showed itself incapable of playing a role of any great importance in the crisis in the former Yugoslavia .
In a region which has experienced the first full-scale conflict in Europe since the Second World War , and in which the dead are still being counted and the tensions still exist , nothing has really changed .
The freedom of movement of people etc. , etc. , and the removal of ethnic divisions .
We believe that it is the right of everyone to return to their home and that all war criminals must be punished ; all of them , however , without exceptions .
Mr President , adoption of this report , of this very precise and lucid report by Mrs Mann , presents no particular difficulty .
We should remember that the European Union is not the only body which is contributing to the restructuring of the countries of Central and Eastern Europe , and thus of Bulgaria , and that the concessions that the European Union has already made in the agreements that have been concluded , even though they accelerate access for those countries to the European Union , to the Community market , in the industrial products sector , constitute only a relative advantage because the overall framework of relations is shaped out in a much more general form by the GATT agreements .
Because if we simply conclude one separate agreement after another , to be implemented as per the case and in the absence of an overall political framework through which their proper implementation can be secured , we shall be simply be approaching matters in an ad hoc fashion rather than on an overall basis .
Because from Essen we know that employment policy cannot be made effective , or at least , jobs cannot be created , by words alone .
Mr President , the proposal for a directive we are debating today aims to concentrate all the European Union 's legislative acts that determine the classification , packaging and labelling of dangerous preparations that circulate or are used in the market .
As for the issue of labelling , the Committee stresses that this should be done in a clear way , because only then will the consumer be protected .
Economic and social cohesion is not a fixed point but a constantly moving target .
For example , with reference to the trans-European networks for transport , telecommunications and energy , I should like to stress that deregulation of the networks before their basic infrastructure is completed and before a certain minimum level of services is secured for the population as a whole , could lead to further divergence instead of convergence .
We consider that these positions justify the need for transitional periods of adaptation , such as those requested by Greece .
Madam President , the Commission 's report is a kind of incomplete account , with many deliberate omissions , of the implementation of Community policy on economic and social cohesion , and of the action and effectiveness of the Structural Funds .
The main problem concerns what the European Union is trying to achieve today with this policy of the Structural Funds , the policy of economic cohesion .
We fear that there will be a series of such deficiencies , that countries and regions will remain in a state of underdevelopment , that expenditure will continue to be squandered for bureaucratic and pointless or inappropriately prioritized , supposedly developmental purposes , and that the desired result will not be achieved .
