we need to put an end to some blatant abuses , we nevertheless defend the legitimacy of certain public services , we will vote against this report .     .
I am not satisfied with it , because , if you will allow me to be particularly direct and straightforward , at the end of the day the question we might ask ourselves today , following your proposals , is whether the European Union really wants to preserve its biodiversity .
My second demand : the implementation of Natura 2000 needs to be favoured in the criteria for all European funds .
The other risk would be that it would be excessively complex to implement and manage programmes .
This administrative period of validity , which will be ten years for car and motorcycle licences , will mean that each time it is renewed , the fraud protection elements can be updated and that a recent photo can appear on the document .
Some of the common interest projects on this line are at an advanced stage of preparation or implementation , in particular the Eastern high-speed train between Vaires and Baudrecourt , and the improvement of the Danube rail link between Salzburg and Vienna .
I am not ruling out a much more favourable subsidy rate for this type of operation .     .
But the debate has scarcely begun on this proposal for a directive on port services .
Recently , on my suggestion , Mr Papastamkos , the Commission set up a high-level group chaired by the former Commission Vice-President , Mrs Loyola de Palacio , which will by the end of 2005 identify the priority routes or projects connecting the enlarged European Union with its neighbours to the east and south .
There are also other bodies whose task is to observe and evaluate non-discriminatory access to the market , such as the regulatory and consultative committee set up by Directive 2001/12 on the development of the Community’s railways , which I have already mentioned , and a large number of working groups , such as the railway regulators ’ working group or those of the authorities that issue railway licences and safety certificates .
These new lights will use less power than dipped headlights , because one of the objections made to us is about the energy used by having them on during the day .
In the countries of the present Union , the Union of 25 Member States , 50 000 people were killed in 2001 ; there must be no more than 25 000 in 2010 .
The proposed regulation therefore asks airport managers to provide the necessary assistance at airports free of charge and asks carriers to make the necessary assistance available on board aircraft , also free of charge .
I thank him , and the Committee on Transport and Tourism , warmly for their support and , I would say , their improvement of the Commission ’s text .
However , recent revelations of document fraud and the fraudulent obtaining of driving licences   – which a number of you have mentioned , referring to ‘driving licence tourism ’ – have led to a change of attitude on the subject in the Member States .
One of you stressed that at a particular age people might want a motorcycle without necessarily being ready for one .
It is true that we must be very careful .
With this future directive , the European institutions will at last be responding in a concrete fashion to the expectations of our citizens , who want to see an end to the degassings and other disasters of the past .
In this connection , I have to say for my part that we fully share Parliament’s desire for European coastguards .
Finally , a word on Amendment 2 , which relates to recital 7.
Mr President , I will try to be brief , but I should nevertheless like to answer a couple of questions .
I should therefore like to warn this House that this agreement is backed by a majority that is emerging throughout Europe , and which took shape during the trialogue held with the Council .
The services involved include the provision of information on inland waterways , conditions of navigability , the traffic situation and port and terminal capacities , as well as calamity abatement services .
Turning to the correlation tables , the Commission obviously regrets the fact that the obligation to provide such tables has been included only in a recital , and not in an article .
I should also like to say that I agree entirely with Mrs  Hennis-Plasschaert’s comments on correlation tables , and it is true that we need to act .
Provision has been made for additional measures to prevent and combat fraudulent practices associated with the obtaining or issuing of certificates .
Although I am delighted that Parliament and the Council have decided to put forward similar texts in order to reach agreement at first reading , that does not mean that we should forget that correlation tables are needed for better lawmaking .
We have therefore demonstrated the EU’s substantial interest in and firm commitment to this region .
I believe the Barcelona Process should both accompany the relaunching of the peace process and also benefit from its relaunch , and I believe Europe’s future is also the future of the Mediterranean region , the future of its development , the future of cultural exchange and the future of cooperation with those who are very close to us .     Mr President , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , Commissioner , while I fully agree with the text of the joint resolution which will shortly be put to the vote in this House , I would like to join you , Commissioner , in stressing two points about this text : one concerning the resumption of dialogue between the parties to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and the other about the situation created in Lebanon by the assassination of Rafiq Hariri .
