common security and defence policy .
That is , by far , too long a time perspective for our own internal challenges .
I can fully agree with Mr Swoboda that the best service the European Union can now provide so that the negotiations are successful and the settlement is sustainable is for us to be supportive but critical .
The Commission ’s role is to facilitate a balanced and sustainable settlement .
We work closely with the international community and its Status Envoy , President Ahtisaari , in order to make sure that whatever the precise outcome of the status talks , it will be compatible with the European perspective on Kosovo and the Western Balkans .
I would very much agree with Mr Wiersma that our conditionality works .
We have to strike a careful balance between conditionality and rewarding progress as regards our candidate countries .
I can assure you that the Commission will fully support the Austrian Presidency .
I count on your support for a carefully managed accession process of the Union .     .
Mr President , in the Committee on Industry , Research and Energy we decided to draft an own-initiative report on the use of financial resources earmarked for the decommissioning of nuclear power plants .
We are waiting for the Commission to issue a new proposal for a directive on the matter .
We may nevertheless agree to common rules being drawn up , on the grounds that the winding-down of nuclear power plants impacts on the safety of employees and the health of people across state borders .
An indication of this is the decommissioning of the Bohunice power plant , not to speak of Ingalina .
In that respect the funds will also affect the single market .
The electric power produced in nuclear power stations should not be cheap , simply because it will fall to future generations to pay for decommissioning of the plants .
Both , according to the International Atomic Energy Agency , are at present in such a condition that they could still be used .
The new , small Member States , which do not have sufficient substitute forms of energy , will nevertheless have to close their power plants under pressure which came from the old Member States at the time they joined the EU.
We are proposing EUR 400 million .
Energy used for cooling , for example , has increased many times over in the last 10 years in Sweden .
For cooling !
We need a new energy policy .     Mr President , I should like to add ‘eutrophication ’ – probably the most serious ecological problem in the Baltic Sea – to the text distributed to you .
I think the farming of animals for fur in Europe is in much better shape than farming animals in China .
However , I do not agree with her reasons for doing so .
The Treaty only empowers the EU to take responsibility for animal welfare in the context of agriculture , transport , internal market research and areas such as the welfare of farmed animals , fur farming included .
Secondly , the Commission has failed to provide an impact assessment of the proposed directive .
Carrying out the testing by technical means would make the requirements more reliable , cheaper and easier to measure and standardise across the Member States .
Furthermore , the idea that home-made traps would require a special permit for each use is hallucinatory .
The raccoon dog , which is not a native species of Finland but is an extremely efficient predator of birds and other wildlife , can only be effectively managed by trapping .
Only local people have sufficient knowledge of the local flora and fauna to help set up balanced legislation .
The wrong kind of intervention at EU level can compromise an otherwise noble objective , as in all areas where subsidiarity should be upheld .
In the area of human dignity and fundamental human rights we , as European politicians , have an opportunity and an obligation to defend these principles still more vehemently .
Perhaps with regard to Cambodia , there was formerly the desire to give the country time to normalise and recover from the Khmer Rouge era , but the time limit is now fast approaching .
News , for example , of the detention of opposition politicians and reporters does not suggest that things are going the right way .
We do not even have precise knowledge concerning the situation in Laos , as foreign human rights organisations are not allowed into the country .
We do know , however , that we can hardly say that fundamental rights have been implemented there .
Madam President , I warmly welcome this proposal steered by the Committee on Culture and Education and its Chairman , Mr Sifunakis , for an Olympic truce .
Then nations have also showed , and I hope they will continue to do so , that they can live in peaceful coexistence .
Europe is well aware of that black day in September 1972 when Palestinian terrorists struck in the Olympic village in Munich .
On the contrary , sport , whose purpose it is to bring people together to compete in a spirit of fair play , should unite nations : this could be that source of wealth , that source of growth , which in the future we act to support .
It has to be said that sport is an excellent way of building a better world .
Let it be our goal to achieve permanent peace between nations and countries , and let sport be instrumental in building this peace .     .
When fully implemented , the EU regulatory framework for electronic communications will enable innovative services with competitive prices to develop on a level playing field throughout the internal market .
