According to a recent news item , a certain Japanese car manufacturer has already switched over to the use of this technology on the production line , and European manufacturers ought to follow suit .
Carbon dioxide is , moreover , user-friendly , because it reacts faster than HFCs to the desired temperature and is also cheaper in terms of fuel costs than the alternative gases available .
The compromises proposed by our rapporteur and agreed by the committee are not entirely in harmony with my own amendments , but I can accept them as an improvement on the original proposals .
With stationary systems it is essential to ensure that those who fit the equipment are properly trained and that such professional people produce reports on leakage .
It was the third priority of this environmental programme and at the time it was said that it was a very important component in the new challenges that lay ahead of us .
It must also be one of the major goals in a Union of 25 countries to achieve and maintain standards of healthcare that are as high as possible .
The prevention of disease and the general assurance of good health everywhere must play a key role when the strategy starts to be implemented in practice .
The first phase of the strategy will focus on factors that aim to have a beneficial effect on childhood diseases .
I myself was Parliament’s rapporteur for the first two pillars of the Århus Convention , and am now the rapporteur with regard to the regulation on the application of all three pillars to Community institutions and bodies .
The European Parliament played a very active role in the first two implementing directives on the Århus Convention .
The committee , upon my suggestion , tabled amendments to the regulation concerning exceptions regarding access to information and binding rules on public participation in particular .
Furthermore , in order to harmonise the regulation with the Convention and the proposed Directive on access to justice , members of the public are given a legal standing where an issue directly concerns their interests or rights .
Here a distinction should be made between , firstly , the three European institutions , the European Parliament , the Council and the Commission , and secondly , between all the other Community bodies .
Furthermore , the amendments that have now been tabled are aimed at ensuring that there is adequate harmonisation between the regulation and the proposed Directive on access to justice .
First of all , the various fears associated with it in the Member States give rise to needless opposition to the whole Århus Convention and the Community legislation that relates to it .
All this Parliament must take into consideration when taking its decision on the directive .
The outcome arrived at by the committee was reasonably good , and the amendments tabled by the Group of the European People’s Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats are an attempt to ensure that the directive will actually adhere precisely to the provisions of the Århus Convention : no more , but no less .
I would like to raise the matter of the definition of ‘qualified entity’ .
What is required at the end of the day is simply normal procedures that accord with good practice on the part of organisations and recommending legal procedures that are in accordance with good practice , which is probably only reasonable considering the special role these organisations will now have in monitoring society’s conformity with the law .
I hope that the environmental organisations are able to see this .
This gives credence to the notion that the directive will function within very different legal systems .
I have furthermore made the provisions clearer , allowing foreign organisations a non-discriminatory right to access to justice when it is a genuine matter of cross-border environmental impact .
Now I will turn to the issue of ratification .
This is partly due to the at times intentionally vague and obscure wording of the Convention , which was simply meant to ensure the Convention would come into being in 1998 .
While the latter is a static decision , the former should be thought of as a dynamic process .
The EU cannot confine itself to the faithful duplication of internationally agreed minimum standards , but should rather use the entire margin realistically and aspire to lead the way .
This succeeded with the two first pillars of the Convention .
As a result , ratification of the entire Århus Convention may finally start in the Community with no needless delay , provided the necessary Community legislation is adopted .     . – Mr President , the main issue in this directive is the definition of waste in the extractive industry sector , where waste is either non-hazardous or hazardous .
Nature’s own environmentally non-hazardous material , waste rock , cannot be waste , especially if it is still being used as filler material in mines and quarries , for soil improvement or road construction .
The socio-economic impact of the new extractive industry will be of crucial importance , especially for sparsely populated and peripheral regions .
Now it is a question of whether we want to keep this industry in Europe under our own supervision and in compliance with the principle of sustainable development , or drive it outside the Union , where its environmental implications are beyond our control , through legislation that is too constraining and unfamiliar to the sector .
It is crucial that an explicit Minerals Policy for the European Union is drawn up , taking into account environmental and economic factors .
Ireland can be given credit for having made headway with many difficult issues .
There has been a lot of water under the bridge since the Lisbon Agenda was agreed .
What then