In this respect we not only need to understand the capacity of Europe 's cross-sectoral policies , but also revisit new financing instruments , such as Eurobonds .
We voted for this report because we believe it is important to maintain minimum stocks of crude oil and/or petroleum products .
We also disagree with any attempt to use the creation of these stocks as yet another justification , albeit mitigated , for a policy of interference , as might be inferred from the creation of 'a favourable climate of investment for the purpose of prospecting for , and tapping into , oil reserves inside and outside the European Union ' .
At the same time , it will encourage the development of appropriate measures and strategies to mitigate risks and promote adequate protection , and it will also increase the security of citizens .
Protection of public figures remains the responsibility of the hosting state , in accordance with the legal provisions in force in that country .
This own-initiative report indicates the progress made in committees and delegations and reiterates the need to adopt and apply a gender mainstreaming strategy .
The movement towards liberalisation requires genuine and sustained competition and highlights the importance of a stronger Agency for the Cooperation of Energy Regulators , with clearly independent powers .
The possibility of better interconnections between electricity networks and the existence of strong and capable regulators guaranteeing market transparency and transnational cooperation are vitally important factors in ensuring that end users can enjoy a truly fair and competitive service .
It is expected that consumer rights will be at the centre of the process of opening up the markets due to the agreement reached , which covers the issues of separation of ownership and independence of the national regulatory authorities , and also the conditions for clarifying responsibilities between national authorities , the Agency for the Cooperation of Energy Regulators and the European Network of Transmission System Operators .
I voted for the resolution on labelling of tyres with respect to fuel efficiency .
That is precisely what is lacking in terms of roaming and what justifies the European Parliament 's intervention in setting maximum prices below which telecommunications operators are now obliged to compete .
From now on , when returning from holiday or a business trip abroad , European citizens will remember that their lower mobile telephone bill is due to the EU.
I therefore voted for this report .
I therefore voted for this report .
A fragmented and incoherent approach cannot be allowed in a common area without internal borders , because any immigration action or policy implemented by one Member State necessarily has consequences for all the other Member States .
For this reason , I support the alternative resolution tabled by the rapporteur who , once again , has tried to achieve a compromise that is acceptable to everyone .
A report with 91 articles must clearly include some aspects with which we agree .
The report sets out the guidelines 'for the development of the trans-European transport network ' ( TEN-T) .
This report assesses the implementation of the 30 TEN-T priority projects in which delays are having a major impact on the future of the European sustainable transport policy .
The report reflects some of these concerns , but the order of priorities that I consider appropriate is not maintained throughout the whole text .
The requirements for accessing the profession , namely repute , financial standing and professional competence , correspond to a clarification of this activity , which we hope will allow it to prosper in a more transparent manner , affording customers better protection and safety .
Mr Albertini 's report aims to help create the conditions for a clearer framework on the use and operation of bus and coach transport .
The European Parliament 's proposal introduces extended benefits for performers , who will be protected during their entire lifetime , on a par with the situation in the US and in line with European principles valuing creativity and culture .
It should also be noted that the record industry makes a huge contribution in terms of employment and tax revenue and is a major exporter of intellectual property .
I believe that this programme , which seeks to encourage and support projects shifting road freight transport to the sea , rail and inland waterways , must be fully able to help reduce congestion and pollution and ensure efficient and more environmentally-sustainable transport .
The fundamental issue is that this report was adopted without altering the Article 95 basis or , in other words , with health in the internal market being regarded as a good , which is unacceptable .
What we needed to do was increase solidarity and coordination between the social security systems in the various EU Member States , particularly by applying , reinforcing and more appropriately responding to the rights and needs of health service users .
I fully support these measures .
There needs to be greater coherence between forest conservation and sustainable management policies and other EU internal and external policies .
The most significant point of this position adopted by Parliament is the attention that it draws to the scattering of measures , which may therefore lack cohesion , not only as a body of legislation , but in particular in terms of their implementation .
We need a programme of nuclear disarmament , which must be accompanied by the demilitarisation of international relations , by respect for the United Nations Charter , by the end of colonialism , by principles of non-interference and by the peaceful resolution of international conflicts .
I voted for the joint motion for a resolution on support for the Special Court for Sierra Leone , as it is vital to ensure that the perpetrators of violent crimes under international humanitarian law , notably war crimes and crimes against humanity , are punished and