freedom of reception , among others , the decisions on quotas and subsequent developments in broadcasting in the very near future - television on demand or pay-TV , for instance - are still totally unsatisfactory .
Guaranteeing a public television service also involves proper protection of minors ; extending the concept of television to include new technologies ; the appropriate regulation of advertising and telesales and making sure that major cultural and sporting events remain accessible to the whole of the population ; as well as protecting all languages and cultures which , as I have said , are a European asset .
It makes no sense to claim to safeguard what is on offer from the audiovisual sector , rightly free-of-charge , and , at the same time , deprive those who guarantee that offer , that is to say the television broadcasters , of the resources they need to cover the costs .
Madam President , on behalf of the Committee on the Rules of Procedure and the Verification of Credentials , I would ask that the vote on this report be postponed to tomorrow 's sitting , to the vote that is to take place at midday .
I should make clear from the outset that my committee has been in favour of that document , although it has felt it necessary to look in greater detail at important points which could contribute to more rapid development and improved operation of the internal market .
First of all , as regards what has been provided for in terms of the single currency and the future common monetary policy , certain aspects of the non-monetary management of the economy are currently defined in a way that is far less precise , less satisfactory and less coordinated , including as regards the powers of the European Institutions .
The third point was well put by Mr Secchi in his report on the internal market .
Industrial dislocation currently , however , represents a complex problem which may have two implications : a positive implication , where it creates jobs in specific sectors and a negative implication where it penalizes employment in those regions in which there is no possibility of relocation .
On the first point , the Commission is fully aware of the very great importance attaching to this issue in social , health and financial terms .
I really have nothing to add .
I thank the honourable Member for her kind words .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , Let me begin by congratulating the rapporteur on the excellent job she has done .
We cannot , however , support measures designed to exert the kind of fiscal pressure that it is difficult to cope with and the imposition of excessively rigid time-limits which excessively penalize not just industry but also those operating in those sectors .
This concept of participatory democracy , which the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Protection sought to highlight through the amendments tabled at second reading , is vitally important because decisions with an environmental impact cannot be taken unless citizens , who must be the prime beneficiaries of the environment and the land , have been informed of them .
That means changing our approach to the whole cycle of goods ' production in an effort to prevent the creation of waste and thus obtain materials that are useable or recyclable .
We must , however , point out that paragraph 4a was better worded in the rapporteur 's original text and that some of our amendments have been rejected even though they were consistent with earlier decisions of the European Parliament and the Commission .
As Barbara Spinelli has said in an editorial in the Turin paper ' La Stampa' , entitled ' The middle class at a loss ' , Europe 's citizens are confused about the future , rebelling against the tax for Europe , not because they have suddenly become antiEuropean but because they know that they are being asked to pay the price of worldwide competition and they want a development plan , they want to preserve the experience of a century which has tried to strike a balance between solidarity and individual freedom .
The problems have arisen when the European Union has handled these agreements somewhat defensively , adopting a somewhat deferential tone .
Madam President , the short time available to me is barely sufficient to recall one basic idea out of all the topics we are discussing today : the international and internal context of trade as the base of a triangle which makes it a central factor in the market , alongside two others : industry and the consumer .
The trade agreements between the European Union and third countries - Turkey , Eastern Europe , the former USSR , India , Pakistan and China - must ensure certain minimum conditions to preserve the balance in the textile industry .
I believe that this unanimity , this consensus , is of great importance .
I felt , first , that I would not be allowed to see anything and , secondly , that the political 'toll ' to be paid would be too high for us to take the risk of paying it .
He wanted to know where he could find the rice , fish and meat that he needed .
The second function of this force will be to move the food supplies , and the third will be to protect the refugees themselves , the equipment and the humanitarian personnel .
Fourthly , I must assure this House just as we assured the authorities in the local capital cities and our NGOs that there is no question of returning to the status quo , in other words the former camps .
There can be no question of forcing them to return