of red tape .
I am currently working on a report on how funds are being spent in Bosnia Herzegovina .
In theory , we should be encouraged by the developments that have taken place in the Balkans over the past year .
However , we ought not to focus on Kosovo alone .
Croatia must soon be given the opportunity to strengthen its ties with the European Union .
The Social Democrats have done remarkably well there .
I will return to them in due course .
There is a down side but surely we should also consider the bonuses .
That said , we feel the Ministers ought to have been able to achieve a much better result .
That alone is worth a compliment .
I would sooner strengthen groupings , specifically with a view to gaining a better market position and making better agreements .
A number of years ago , the Commission established , at Parliament ' s insistence , that if there are irregularities , this could mean an additional financial correction of 25 % for the Member States .
I also think we should set up a mediation committee for agriculture .
I would also like to thank you for the procedure you followed .
Why do we keep harping on about this figure ?
There is also indeed a need for action in the regional and national parliaments , because it is the Member States themselves that are responsible for a great many errors .
I would be very interested to know which Member States have benefited the most from these irregularities .
I would therefore ask the Court of Auditors to give us more information about this in future reports , so that we do not have to face any nasty surprises come accession day .
I would like to congratulate the Commission , and Commissioner Schreyer in particular , on the Court 's observation that many of the changes it has requested are being implemented or are on the way to being implemented .
There is particular praise for the reform programme set in motion last year .
The error rate should be made explicit so that targets can be set for getting the error rate down .
The error rate in the Florida count is clearly still too high .
As matters stand , my group is inclined to support the proposals now on the table , but I would appreciate it if the Commissioner could go into this aspect again in a little more depth .
I would be grateful if the Commission could go into this in a little more depth .
By its very nature , the service industry is less suited to this approach .
I do not think they are incompatible .
There is no point in setting up funds to ameliorate the effects of recurring crises .
These are the reasons we voted against the proposal .
Present-day Turkey is an authoritarian state with superior military power , political prisoners , censorship , party bans , border conflicts and an electoral system that excludes minorities .
The necessary changes cannot be bought outside by the governing powers ; they must come from within .
In order to avoid a costly and exacting official conciliation procedure , informal negotiations were opened in order to see if a compromise could be reached .
Secondly , the public will have far better access to information about incineration plants .
Finally , I anticipate our being able to tighten up the waste incineration directive in a few years ' time , in close consultation with industry .
We are really coming round to the idea of cross-border care and so market forces are becoming increasingly applicable to health care .
In point of fact , we must ask the Commission whether it is in a position to do this , and if so , how long will it take ?
We have a special combination of private , public , individual and collective types of health insurance system , which have undergone quite some upheaval in recent times .
Fortunately , the parties in the SER have realised that creating such a hybrid mixture of private and public elements might run up against conflicting legislation from Brussels .
Supplementary health insurance presupposes a statutory system of entitlements and provisions .
So information has been gathered , research has been carried out , the systems in the various Member states have been investigated , etc. , which is certainly the right way to go about it .
The second point , and this in fact is the most important point , is that of comitology .
A suitable amount of this must be set aside for technical support so as to be sure that the programme is properly supported .
Let there be no more discussion of this 600 million in the negotiations between Parliament , the Council and the Commission .
The scope is there in the budget , you have Parliament ' s backing on this , and now that everything is in place , it is up to you to see that the funds needed for a robust BSE policy actually hit the mark .
I would remind you though , that no human being can go without food , not for a single day .
The link between feeding cattle bonemeal - which is , as it happens a very unnatural way to feed animals - and BSE is now clear to everyone .
Together with my fellow honourable Members , I advocate that we do not wait until July 2001 , but enforce this ban now , with almost immediate effect .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the Commission ' s proposal to create a framework enabling the proportion of electricity produced from renewable energy sources in the European Union to be considerably increased in the medium term , can only be welcomed