It has only done so when faced with intense pressure from dairy producers , the European Parliament and 21 Member States .
Without these two instruments , it will be impossible to restore and guarantee stability in Europe 's rural areas .
This agreement will allow a protocol to come into force that will replace the Kyoto Protocol from 1 January 2013 and will ensure an effective reduction in greenhouse gas emissions , while allowing European industry to remain competitive in global markets .
It is imperative that the European Commission finally issues a proposal for a directive on pluralism and concentration of the media , clarifying the rules to be followed in all Member States on this issue , which is so vital for democracy .
They are not interested in freedom of information in Europe , but only in Italy ...
Commissioner Viviane Reding has made an appeal to the Chamber for when it debates this issue , asking us not to use the European institutions to resolve problems that should be resolved at national level , as set out in our Treaties .
We voted in favour of the resolution in defence of freedom of information because we believe in defending the freedom of expression and information , and pluralism rather than concentration in the media .
The aim of the report is to ensure that foreign policy serves the interests of military expansion by the major powers within the European Union , by taking advantage of what they inserted into the Treaty of Lisbon in order to bolster their decision-making powers , even though there are Member States that hold different views .
In fact , we use the southern countries as suppliers of samples of new strains of viruses , free of charge , so we can improve treatment in northern countries , but we do not provide an effective response to these problems .
The contribution of the European budget for 2010 to encourage economic growth , competitiveness , cohesion and job protection is a vital response to the recent economic crisis .
I believe that EUR 0.003 per litre of milk produced in Portugal ( calculations provided by producers ) is a pittance for a problem that has been dragging on now for so many months , especially if the Minister for Agriculture uses this money for the expected reforms , as he has already announced .
Support for milk producers and a guarantee of more security for citizens , including with regard to energy supply , have also been safeguarded .
In this regard , as proposed by the Portuguese Social Democrat MEPs , I wish to highlight the importance of creating an Erasmus employment programme , aimed at young people seeking first-time employment , to help achieve these goals .
The discrepancy between the public declarations to prioritise tackling the economic crisis and supporting 'competitiveness for growth and employment' , and the appropriations provided for in this draft budget , could not be greater .
In my view , the serious crisis that the sector is currently experiencing would justify the allocation of more funds , initially EUR 600 million , to help producers overcome the difficulties they are currently facing .
Although it represents an increase in relation to the draft budget of the Council and of the European Commission , Parliament 's proposal still falls short of what was allocated for 2010 in the Multiannual Financial Framework 2007-2013 by around EUR 6 billion , while the final amount - to be decided in December - is still unknown .
Lastly , I disagree with the cuts made by the Council in heading 1b - Cohesion for Growth and Employment , at a time when the Structural and Cohesion Funds are important to encourage growth and economic recovery , but also because a large number of important policies aimed at fighting climate change and supporting growth and employment are funded under this sub-heading .
As a result , Parliament 's budget will reflect real needs and will increase transparency , budgetary discipline and efficiency .
I welcome the fact that the total amount of Parliament 's budget is below the self-imposed limit of 20 % of expenditure under heading 5 (administrative expenditure ) of the multiannual financial framework .
It also calls for a more in-depth discussion on the long-term budgetary principals in this area .
Of his work , I would like to highlight the proposal , which has just been approved , to implement a policy of zero-based budgeting at the beginning of each legislative term , which will enable Parliament 's budget to reflect only real costs , and will increase transparency , budgetary discipline and efficiency .
However , use of this instrument must not distance Parliament from this process , all the more so as codecision draws closer , which is why it is vital that the Commission oversees these actions .
Reports have been adopted in Parliament 's plenary sitting in Strasbourg containing three specific measures ( EUR 280 million in direct aid for producers , a temporary rule for calculating buy-back of quotas and inclusion of milk in the CMO under Article 186 (emergency measures ) ) .
( Explanation of vote abbreviated in accordance with Rule 170 of the Rules of Procedure ) Adoption of this resolution cannot fail to prompt a couple of comments on its aims and content .
I voted in favour of the Brok report on the institutional aspects of setting up the European External Action Service ( EEAS ) , which will be extremely important if the Union 's external relations are to be rendered more consistent and effective .
It is therefore incomprehensible that , in considering this issue , Parliament is choosing to disregard the external aspect of multilingualism and the strategic nature of those languages , which is acknowledged not only by itself , but