We should therefore avoid statements like the one we heard last night about Europe being so far behind America .
And the second is , of course , that there has still been no agreement on the UMTS standard .
Many people believe that it is important to combine the European and American approaches .
In general , I am not opposed to privatisation and nor is my political group .
But why is the Commission in such a tearing hurry ?
We have also said that in evaluating the effect of liberalisation on postal services , account should be taken not only of the Commission 's own feasibility studies , but also of Parliament 's consultations , postal sector trade unions , user organisations and so on .
Naturally , the postal sector has to be large enough to maintain the quality of what is , after all , a public service .
Mr President , the old monopolies are no longer up to providing the efficient service which we have all come to regard as a right .
In Sweden , the process has gradually assumed a political significance of its own .
Mr President , for me the motion for a resolution and the report we are discussing lack a clear refugee perspective - and by that I mean the perspective of the refugees .
We can see that one of the main real motives of the Schengen Agreement appears to be to use methods such as carrier liability , tough visa policies and excessive border controls to prevent asylum seekers from coming to the EU at all in order to be able to seek asylum .
Mr President , I would just like to highlight some of the many points which ought to be discussed .
Only a few articles are concerned with the positive aspect of freedom of movement .
That is why we are insisting that the UN 's conventions on refugees should apply in all situations , even in the EU.
Access to information and documents must be made easier so that both politicians and citizens are able to participate .
Madam President , much of what has been said here makes good sense .
They may have two parents or a single parent , which is often the case around Europe today .
In rural areas , isolation is often a major factor in making children feel insecure , which we must of course combat by establishing more secure conditions for growing up by means of various kinds of support .
Several speakers have already mentioned this .
These are communal , social , regional and national issues .
However , this is hardly something which should be regulated through a European family policy .
These already exist in Sweden and the Nordic region , as well as elsewhere .
From a Liberal perspective , we would like to say that all of this is extremely important and has to be addressed .
As elected representatives , we have an obligation to protect children through such things as the Convention on the Rights of the Child .
If things were so simple that it was possible to increase prosperity quickly in developing countries by means of conventions , declarations , international conferences and sanctions adopted by third countries , then there would be no poor countries and no conditions for workers which we would consider substandard .
Of course there are some irregularities in many places , but there are already rules to deal with that .
I think that this is still what we must use as a basis for judging what further efforts need to be made .
However , I think the report lacks sufficient understanding of this process ; instead , it portrays international investment more as a means of exploitation which needs to be regulated .
However , it does not make a sufficiently constructive contribution , because in my view it is based on the wrong premise .
Where the decision-making process in relation to the environment is decentralised , different conditions will naturally obtain in the different countries .
Mr President , the overarching goal of any security policy is global disarmament .
Although the international arms trade is a global problem , the Member States of the Union together represent the second most important player in the international arms market and therefore have a particular responsibility .
As regards Article 223 of the EC Treaty , in my view armaments cannot be regarded in the same light as other goods and traded freely ; on the contrary , they should be subject to special rules .
However , such a perspective is entirely missing from Mr Titley 's report .
I also disagree with paragraph 2 , where it is stated that European research and technology policy should begin to be used for military purposes .
I am also unhappy that , as we can see , extending NATO to include the countries of Central and Eastern Europe is having the effect of encouraging them to energetically rebuild their defence capabilities , which only leads to more countries in turn equipping themselves with new weapons systems .
I too think that such actions are wrong .
Nevertheless , it still lacks muscle in some respects , for example the responsibility of the armed forces for environmental destruction in peacetime , claims for damages against the military and , above all , space-based weapons systems .
There is a remarkable contrast between the explanatory statement and the resolution itself .
The Green Group thinks the time has come to say loud and clear that this research has got to stop , and this we do in our amendment .
The dictators have driven these people out in time of war , they have executed them , degraded them in concentration and labour camps , or starved them to death .
But the people of China still have enormous problems to contend