substances found in staple goods .
Furthermore , I regret the vote on Amendment 221 concerning derogations from the country of origin principle , which permits the Member States to adopt more detailed or stricter rules ; this amendment is a danger to cultural diversity , a principle that the European Parliament has a duty to protect . on behalf of the PSE Group . - ( FR ) Mr President , Mr Frattini , Mrs Lehtomäki , the automated targeting system - referred to as the ATS - by the US authorities constitutes a huge database on European citizens who enter the United States .
We cannot accept an agreement on the basis of the lowest common denominator .
If you spoke of the Constitution , on the other hand , you were accused of navel-gazing , of being obsessed with technical aspects .
Admittedly , we need to make more effort at national level , but we also need to seize the opportunity to make the very most of the European dimension .
We need to see things as they really are : if we are to act effectively , we need to have adequate tools .
Why should we , when the evidence before us points so strongly to the benefits ?
Croatia has made a good start and , if the reform effort continues , is likely to be the next acceding country .
However , after the political agreement reached in the Council last March and the vote by the Committee on Transport and Tourism at the end of November , a broad consensus is taking shape , confirming that the other institutions approve of the objectives proposed by the Commission .
The third objective is to facilitate freedom of movement .
In this connection , I should like once again , Mr President , to emphasise the extent to which Parliament has genuinely championed the European interest where this matter is concerned .
This statement was extremely clear .
Within the EU , liberalisation and the separation of energy producers and distributors have resulted in under-investment in production plants and electricity transport networks .
A woman of conviction , a committed European , Mrs de Palacio left her mark on the European Commission , of which she was vice-president between 1999 and 2004 .
India cannot be unaware that such military aid will be used to repress ethnic groups and political opponents .
Europe will only move forward if the European institutions , and in particular the Commission and Parliament , work in an atmosphere of mutual respect and positive cooperation .
The path is made walking . ] ( Applause ) Mr President , at the start of this parliamentary term , I gave the following response to your first speech , in which you set out the broad outlines of your Presidency : ' Your words' , I said , 'reinforce our view that we can develop very constructive and cooperative relations with you . '
If I had to pinpoint that key point in your term of office I would say it was last summer as war was being waged against Palestine and Lebanon .
I am appalled by the kind of blurring of boundaries and collusion that goes on between the two major powers in this Chamber , which oppose one another in front of the voters , which present different manifestos and which appear to be rivals and competitors , whilst sharing the same view both on the appointment of a President and on the exclusion of some minority or other that does not share their dominant opinions .
From now on , this voice will be yours , Mr President .
As for myself , I have no doubts at all about either your determination or your aptitude for performing this role without , of course , giving up either your ideas or the nature of your commitment .
It is unfortunate that this petty trick subsequently deprived us of hearing the speech that Mr von Habsburg could have made or , this morning , of the speech that the senior Member , Mr Berlinguer , could have made , even though he does not at all share my own political opinions .
Almost three years after the adoption of the initial proposals by the Commission , Parliament and the Council must reach a compromise on all of the texts , as Mrs Roth has just explained very well .
That is why we have reservations about the opening up of domestic traffic , Mr Jarzembowski .
Mrs Roth has just explained to us that that scope posed certain problems within the Council .
I would like to thank all of the Members .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , those are the comments I wished to make at the end of this debate , a debate that has genuinely demonstrated Parliament 's interest in promoting the railways , both for passengers and for freight .
The review of the Cotonou Agreement was a significant challenge .
All the ACP countries need now is REACH , since they risk being victims of the regulation on chemical products , with losses of income and 315 000 jobs under threat .
Firstly , technical audacity through a new customs technology : rather than seeking , within the World Trade Organisation , to reduce , and eventually abolish , customs duties , we must establish a deduction of customs duties in the form of a customs credit deductible on all purchases in the economy of the importing country .
Furthermore , support for the ACP countries must be seen within the wider context of the Community 's external actions and , in general terms , the ACP countries will also benefit from thematic budget lines and funds reserved for the ACP countries that are signatories to the sugar protocol , in the sum of EUR 1.2 billion .
