That is , of course , fantastic news .
We did not want a resolution about this issue , the reason being that , in a resolution , we would be forced to write : ‘We want all Europeans to trade in their cars straight away and make sure that they buy new Opels and Volkswagens’ .
I share your view that we should ask workers to be more flexible in order to ensure that something can be done about working conditions too , but those workers cannot solve the problem on their own .
The way in which the next President , Mr Barroso , has so far defended Mr Buttiglione leads us to believe that the opinions held in large parts of this Parliament are of no great concern to him .
The outstanding issues surrounding a few Commissioners and the weak performance of some others are not the only problem .
Although a number of the candidate Commissioners clearly meet the high requirements prescribed by us , our general verdict about the Commission cannot be positive at the moment , not even after this morning .     Madam President , both Dutch Members of the Independence and Democracy Group are very disgruntled about the fuss that has been created following statements by the candidate Commissioner Mr Buttiglione , and that is putting it mildly .
As Dutch Members of the Independence and Democracy Group , we see the present proposal for the composition of the new European Commission as a reason to vote in favour of it .     Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , tomorrow , we will be voting on a team , the individual players of which we have been able to put to the test .
That is something quite unheard of in other parliaments .
That is what the supporters want too ; above all , they also want the match to begin at last .
A second question concerned clarification from you as to how you view the issues that she explains away in connection with her past dealings .
As we are dealing with an area of policy that is very sensitive , namely civil rights , asylum policy , and immigration policy – an area of policy that will become more and more European in years to come , and so you need somebody on board who is the driving force behind that policy .
In a multilingual Europe , it is therefore of great importance for young people , in particular , to be encouraged to speak one or more foreign languages in order to be able to talk directly to their fellow Europeans .
We saw the opportunity of communicating with our contemporaries , establishing contacts and developing initiatives together across the borders .
There is little trace , though , of the enthusiasm of those days .
As the first Head of State to address your House since the accession of the new Member States , I should like to express a heartfelt word of welcome to their representatives in this Parliament .
The Union as a whole will almost certainly find power and a source of inspiration in this fervour and enthusiasm with which you begin this new chapter , in many cases with the help of the younger generation .
This is a unique step in the history of Europe .
In other areas , where success is less dependent on the bundling of powers , it may prove useful , by way of counterweight , to leave more room for governments , local authorities and the citizens themselves to find their own solutions either at national level or at regional level .
The same is true of the edifice that was founded on the Treaty of Rome .
Peace is vulnerable and requires intensive care .
The Committee on Budgets has wanted to simplify matters on a number of scores , which has been at the expense of some amendments tabled by us on the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs .
I would like to thank Mr Ferber , as well as the rapporteur , at this stage for the way in which they are meeting us halfway .     Mr President , I too should like to start by thanking Mrs Schreyer for the work she has done , and I should like to thank her particularly for the open-minded attitude she has always adopted to this House .
What is the use of creating new agencies every year if the necessary funding is not available ?
That is why it is a good thing that this year again , an amendment has been adopted in the budget at first reading in order to give back-up in areas such as these .
I am pleased that the Commission intends to put this right to some extent , and I am also pleased with the rapporteur’s commitment , for he has , in the area of agriculture in any event , shown his good nature and his willingness to revert back to the Commission ’s first initiative and to rectify this digression on the part of the Council of Ministers .
As far as I am concerned , the research stage is over and I am pleased with the initiatives by the Dutch Presidency , both at Parliamentary level in November and also via the Council in December , to organise two large conferences in order to achieve better European policy with regard to protection against animal diseases , such as , at the moment , avian flu in Thailand and in Asia .
For the time being , I content myself with the Commissioner’s response , but I should like to note that this inquiry should be completed urgently , because this is not benefiting the consumer .     . – Mr President , President-in-Office of the Council , ladies and gentlemen , one of the most important items