EU' s Barcelona process .
I therefore wonder whether Commissioner Patten does not agree with me that it would have been only right and proper to have invited at least one Arab state to the holocaust conference in Stockholm .
Instead , my question concerns the interpretation in principle of Article 255 of the Treaty of Amsterdam .
One or two years ago , Parliament adopted a report by Mrs Lööw which is extremely important in this context .
The report warned that the forthcoming process would lead to restrictions upon the transparency of the Member States .
Secondly , I want to say that we must be consistent in our own behaviour and in our evaluations .
It is not acceptable to continue as if nothing had happened .
The European Union is in the process of finding its soul and getting some steel in its spine .
It is a fact that these substances are now being discovered .
I am wondering , therefore , if you are preparing such a ban and if it would not fit in very well with your approach to the precautionary principle itself to come up with such an initiative .
The issue of brominated flame retardants is an important one .
There may be a series of different measures which can be taken .
The Commission is to do its job and give proper attention to the issue before we come back with an assessment of what needs to be done .
We succeeded there in agreeing , at an international forum , as to the definition of the precautionary principle .
It is , moreover , also accepted as an important and effective tool .
The first question concerns the implementation of the precautionary principle .
Instead , the precautionary principle should come first .
In other words , a product ' s manufacturer is to demonstrate whether or not the product is hazardous .
( SV ) Thank you , Mrs Schörling .
When , on the other hand , the decision has been made to take a certain measure , the one chosen ought to be cost-effective so that there is in fact no resort to measures which are wholly unreasonable given their degree of effectiveness .
I have used chemical strategy as a good example of an area in which we need to do this .
It is , however , perfectly correct that , when it comes , for example , to chemicals , we must ensure that we obtain a reversed burden of proof .
Obviously , I cannot adopt a stance on this special case and on the particular product which has been mentioned here , but I shall go directly back and see what I can obtain in the way of information about this particular case .
I think , however , it is quite obvious that when it is eventually time to decide upon a particular step to be taken , it is often the case that there are many different courses of action to choose between .
They were the first to say that , each day , they must think about doing what is most cost-effective because resources had to suffice for their poor patients there .
As is also explained in the present communication , it is not therefore correct that one must first begin with some sort of cost-benefit analysis .
Consideration should be given to what science is offering in the way of knowledge , and this should be used as an important political tool for protecting the environment and people ' s health .
I am certain that we are going to have more conflicts , for example with the United States .
We should be in no doubt that conflicts may arise in the future too , but we can now show that we do not use the precautionary principle arbitrarily .
The forthcoming enlargement of the Union is used as an argument for this .
Paragraph D of the draft resolution requires a more coordinated and more open economic policy at EU level .
If there is a desire to make the EU more democratic , the whole construction of EMU must be reconsidered .
Article 56 of the Treaty , prohibiting currency speculation or any interference in the free movement of capital , must be removed so that damaging currency speculation may be checked by means of political control .
The resolution requires the European Parliament to have increased influence over the Intergovernmental Conference .
If they were adopted , many of the amendments which have been tabled would considerably weaken the directive .
The polluter should pay .
There should be no falling-off in the percentages concerned or in the requirements for recycling vehicles from particular years , and it is important to limit the use of dangerous substances such as lead .
We shall vote against any amendments which run counter to these considerations .
I was myself a car worker before I was elected .
It is precisely this type of car industry which we should be encouraging in the European Union .
There is the risk of creating a monopoly within the car dismantling trade .
Yet the trade in used car parts is important , especially for those who collect and renovate older vehicles .
To bind manufacturers by means of a liability which can extend very far back in time ill accords with a flexible market economy designed to promote development .
Over the years , a consumer may have altered the product in a number of ways .
This does not conflict with a financing model involving the building up of funds .
Allow me briefly to comment on some of the assumptions and principles behind the present directive .
This means that almost ten million tons of waste are created by these cars , and approximately seven per cent of the latter are abandoned out in the open .
