report for the European Parliament - so please accept my sincere apologies if I am a little bit emotional tonight .
The aim of this legislation is to update the directives in line with the latest market and regulatory developments .
The main change brought about by the settlement finality directive is to extend the protection of the directive to cover night-time settlement and settlement between linked systems ; this is very important , since the number of links and the need for interoperability have lately increased immensely .
Regarding the Financial Collateral Directive (FCD ) , it is very important to accept credit claims as financial collateral .
The establishment of a harmonised legal framework for the use of credit claims as collateral in cross-border transactions helps enhance market liquidity and ensures the proper functioning of settlement systems in rapidly evolving markets .
My aim was to reach a compromise at first reading , so we were negotiating with the Council and Commission the whole time .
In the end I am also quite content with the compromise that will be voted during this week 's part-session .
On most of the issues the negotiations went well and we agreed on the basic lines of this legislation .
During the negotiations I was not able to get the support for the ECON proposal to amend the definition of the system which would have made it possible to grant the protection of the directive to systems based on the ECB legal act , and would have allowed the European Central Bank to designate such systems itself .
I think that after five years the few Member States that still want to request these ex-ante notifications can be persuaded to end this unnecessary practice .
Finally , I would like to say that it has been a pleasure to work with all of you during these years .
I would like to make a couple of political points , firstly about the code of conduct for clearing and settlement .
I do not think the time is right to make the final judgement on the delivery of the code .
They say that there are problems in settlement finality and also with the coordination of different rules .
I think that we can cooperate more with the Commission , especially in creating a Community approach to different topics .
So I am very happy that the Commission will be taking a look at this issue .
It is very important to go forward with the Hague Convention and with the negotiations on different private law issues .
It was particularly difficult to try to find a compromise on moments of entry and moments of revocation .
I will take this opportunity to thank the honourable Members for the recent vote in which the European Parliament clearly showed their support for my 'benchmark ' model .
Now the benchmark will qualify as a criterion once it has been through the Council .
This would clearly have meant not just job losses , but an environmental disadvantage , as it would have put pressure on firms to switch production to countries outside the emission limits .
The environmental targets are unchanging , and they are challenging .
This is not an easy objective for industry , but then it is not supposed to be .
So they should be , because otherwise we will not have a system that would persuade companies to join the race for technology that produces the fewest emissions .
It is enough that the world is being stamped on .
The Council 's position on the regulation of working time for academic employees would have been nothing less than a leap backwards .
The Council 's position would have wrecked working time protection and would have been a threat to the development of work life in Europe .
Mr President , I would like to give my explanation of vote on the opt-out principle in the Working Time Directive .
Besides workers ' burn-out being a human problem , it also reduces productivity .
Secondly , we should make it possible to consider circumstances on a case-by-case basis .
I supported the idea of a 48 hour working week but I think it is very important to have an adjustment period of sufficient length .
The European Union is one of the main international human rights actors .
The Union 's work is considerable , speaking , as it does , on behalf of human rights , providing development aid , and defending the values of democracy .
The EU 's human rights report for 2008 mentions the many positive steps that have been taken to establish human rights globally .
He said : ' The challenges we face today are as daunting as those that confronted the Declaration 's drafters ' .
A halt should be brought to the gradual whittling away of human rights internationally .
The situation of fundamental rights in the European Union ( 2004-2008 ) - European area of freedom , security and justice ( debate ) Mr President , I also want to say a few words about this excellent report .
I would like to thank the rapporteur , Mr Andersson , as well as the others who have spoken here today , and especially Commissioner Figeľ .
If we want a functioning internal market , that means that we also need a viable , well trained workforce , thus ensuring that , as we build Europe , not just the economic aspects but also those to do with work and skills are addressed .
Although I know that education and training fall very largely within the competence of the Member States , we can nevertheless encourage them at European level to work towards a real assurance of the quality of vocational education and training , the standard of education and learning outcomes