In a few days ’ time , the Constitutional Treaty will be signed in Rome .
More than anything else , however , there is one element that has characterised my Commission and of which I am particularly proud : its collegiality .
We have now proposed a new vision for the Union’s borders through our neighbourhood policy , which aims at setting up a genuine special relationship with the whole arc of countries from Russia to Morocco .
We have not merely ‘talked ’ of multilateralism : we have put it into practice in order to achieve our goals and political options .
I have never believed that kind of idea , since I am certain that , in those areas where Europe has its own identity and is not paralysed by national vetoes , it can achieve significant results when working alongside Washington – and on equal terms .
I must admit I smiled when , after all the criticism about my stand , a well-known French daily wrote that the Commission ’s recent proposals had made the pact ‘smarter’ .
If the Member States do not learn to behave otherwise , the Lisbon strategy is at risk .
The reform of the common agricultural policy itself is designed to respond to the new challenges on the domestic and world fronts , aiming at a more sustainable strategy that is more mindful of rural development .
This is undeniably an advance in democracy which I value highly and for which I am grateful to you .
We must commit fully to the European political project and take it forwards with strength , conviction and courage .
I will not , however , hide from you our disappointment at the failure to solve the Cyprus issue , regarding which we had long been asking for a firmer initiative from the Commission , which unfortunately was not forthcoming .
We regret this , and hope to convince not only you but also your successor .
The first issue on which there was serious conflict with our group was undoubtedly genetically modified organisms : it was an error to lift the moratorium and I believe that EU citizens are aware of this .
The Food Safety Authority of which we spoke at the start of your mandate has remained partially on paper , and the Council also has some responsibility for this : that is , it is not operational as we had promised .
Moreover , as Italians we regret the fact , Mr President , that in recent times you have no longer remained above party politics while carrying out your duties , and have thus laid yourself open to criticism on many sides .
Is not its very Constitution a step backwards when compared with a constitution like Italy ’s , which is founded on work and the repudiation of war ; is it not almost an acquiescence to the dictates of globalisation ?
From the future Commission , we expect concrete and rapid answers to these problems , and we expect it to speed up Euro-bureaucracy as much as possible .
Of course , Europe still has difficult challenges ahead in creating peace and security , in combating terrorism in a truly effective way , and not with war , and in restoring impetus to our societies and economies along the Lisbon lines .
The unification of Europe that has been achieved through the accession of ten new countries , the greatest enlargement ever seen in history , has healed the scars of fifty years of divisions and has been the political response to the end of the Cold War .
Thanks to you , Mr Prodi , today we can say that the political union of Europe is closer , and for this very reason I do not believe it is worthwhile repeating the goals that have been achieved in the political and institutional spheres .
To sum up , over these last five years there have been many shadows which have dimmed the good work done by so many Commissioners , starting with Mrs Loyola de Palacio .
We would have preferred to see you adopt an attitude like that of Jacques Delors , who forsook the leadership of the commune of Clichy before taking on the presidency of the Commission .
Instead , I would like to conclude simply with a remark and with my thanks .
We are , truly , small and large countries gathered in this great , difficult balancing act , and this is a lesson for the world , a great lesson that we are giving .
A cynical forecast , instrumental in justifying a wrong and illegal war .
Today we can also rely on the positive role played by some Arab countries – Egypt and Jordan – and on the improvement of our relations with Syria and the normalisation of relations with Libya .
You should believe Sharon when he tells Winston Churchill’s descendant that he will squeeze the Palestinians of Gaza and the West Bank like a pastrami sandwich .
Ayman , 13 years old , who was going to school with his schoolbag on and was shot dead , is the symbol of the barbarity to which an army of military occupation can stoop , just as , obviously , it is barbarous that Hamas should send Palestinian children to throw bombs at Israeli citizens .
I believe , though , that we have the authority and the power not just to make appeals , but to say that the Israeli military occupation must stop .
This , however , will not happen through arms and reprisals , and much less by neglecting peaceful and transparent dialogue with all the parties involved .
Finally , to conclude , I ask myself where the European Union was and where the Commission was when we needed to set up an emergency office to protect the victims of terrorism .
We cannot