My plea to you , and to your foreign minister as a new member of the Convention , is that you should insist on definite results in this issue in particular .
I might add that this threat is not justified under the UN Charter .
Mr President , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , Mr President of the Commission , it is only right that much should have been said about Iraq , which is very much a live issue .
I would be happy to do so .
It does not inevitably follow , though , that we need a European legislative instrument in order to do this .
Any operator in the market should be able to provide all these services , and any future European legislation should focus on the service itself and not on the body providing it .
We all want a level playing field .
So , when governments realise the importance of organising an EU-wide exchange of experience on matters concerning health care and the care of the elderly , they are simply being logically consistent .
The same is true of the establishment of common criteria for patients ' rights , and , in view of eastward enlargement in particular , there is a need for a survey of patient mobility in the Euregios , for we know all too well that the shortfall in health care provision is especially pronounced in the regions bordering on the new Member States , and any European constitution must not only stipulate a high standard of health care as an objective , but also health policy 's continuing status as a responsibility shared between the EU and the Member States .
I am very pleased about that .
In my country - Austria - alone , 540 000 people are at present in need of help and care .
We cannot fail to observe that the stability needed to get real aid efforts to the whole of the country is not in place .
Every departure from international law under the cloak of counter-terrorism inflicts grave damage on the legal heritage of the nations , thus imperilling 200 years of work on building a society that promotes civilisation .
To date , alas , it has not borne much relation to reality .
The European Union is helping in so far as it is able .
Mr President , you are right to say that today sees the third reading of the report on cosmetics , a topic to which - as will be known to most of us - Parliament has now been repeatedly returning over the space of ten years .
The outcome is that a ban on testing cosmetics on animals will be in place - six years after the legislation is adopted .
Madam President , the prohibition of the use of carcinogenic substances in cosmetics in the future is a great success for this Parliament .
Every directive has , of course , its pros and cons .
You see , celebrated and truly beautiful women have for a long time used products made without experimentation on animals .
I would rather not hear anything further said on this subject in this House .
That is why I voted against this report .
As it will do again tomorrow , this Parliament has expressly welcomed Lebanon 's efforts at participation in the implementation of Security Council Resolution 1373 by freezing the assets of terrorist groups .
Like my colleagues , I would like to see Parliament more closely involved in this work .
It is , for example , striking that the Council , in producing its directives , is to some degree working on the basis of a decidedly uncritical analysis .
In all this , the benefits to Russia are obvious when one considers the potential for increasing export capacity or our willingness in the environmental field - which is also of course in our own interest - to dig deep into our own resources in order to provide for improvements in Russia .
Quite a bit has already been said about the submarines that are rusting away in north-western Russia and the plans we have for dealing with them , for which I would like to give the Commission every credit .
And for my third point : is the managing body for integrated European border control , which you have just mentioned , to have a permanent base , and if so , where is it to be ?
The EBRD responded to me with great openness and willingness to cooperate , thus making my work on this report both interesting and informative .
In this context , it should also be a stated aim of the EBRD 's operations to achieve synergy effects .
This , as everyone knows , is not necessarily intended to end hostilities in this region and bring peace .
Secondly , I endorse your priorities .
In this context , you should focus even more strongly on ensuring respect for human rights and democratic principles .
For 30 years , we have failed to curb overfishing in any real way .
The focus on quantity at rock-bottom prices merely results in ecological and economic problems .
We wish to add something to the second line , namely that as regards the things we do not want the Bank to finance , this relates only to the expansion of the nuclear sector .
The indigenous supply cannot meet European demand .
What we need is harmonisation of sanctions at international level .
Of course , there are abuses of power , corruption , and dictatorial violations of any attempt at the rule of law in that country .
I therefore recommend a measured approach .
I welcome the plan to hold a referendum in Chechnya in March .
How can one hope to achieve a peaceful resolution to highly complicated issues in Chechnya through a process of