also by the European Commission .
I voted in favour of the joint motion for a resolution on the upcoming EU-US Summit and the Transatlantic Economic Council ( TEC ) Meeting as it highlights the need to strengthen transatlantic relations at a time when major international challenges call for a coordinated global response .
The main objective of the new partnership agreement between the EU and Guinea-Conakry is to strengthen cooperation between the European Union and the Republic of Guinea so as to encourage the establishment of a partnership to develop a policy of sustainable fishing and responsible exploitation of fisheries resources in the Guinea fishing zone , in the interests of both parties .
The Persian majority shares the country with countless ethnic minorities that make up almost half of the population : Azeris , Arabs , Kurds , Baloch and others .
The second is for the Iranian regime : we are telling it that Iran will never fulfil its unquestionable potential as long as violence and obscurantism are the main features of a political regime that merely pays lip service to the values of justice and peace and continues to brutally oppress its people .
It is true that very often we have not wanted to accept that Iran should have the respect from the international community that , as a major regional power , it certainly craves .
The EU has strengthened its negotiating position by reaching an agreement on the funding required to help developing countries and , in particular , the poorest countries .
Now that we are seeing tentative signs of economic recovery , we must , then , focus our efforts on stimulating the European economy , paying special attention to the primary and secondary sectors - with a particular emphasis on agriculture - which have been badly affected by the crisis , and the creation of a European supervision structure .
However , the proposals just tabled by the European Commission following on from the Council 's guidelines are very worrying , in terms of both the excess deficit and the announcement to raise the retirement age .
I would therefore like to know , at least , whether what we recommend will be taken into account or not .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , the Commission 's communication to Parliament offers an optimistic analysis of the expected benefits of cooperation in research among Member States and of the coordination that the Commission can carry out , in the context of the Seventh Framework Programme , with regard to neurodegenerative diseases , and Alzheimer 's disease in particular .
Will giving greater visibility to the issue and using existing instruments be enough to resolve it ?
I believe it is vital to establish these minimum standards since they promote greater uniformity of working conditions , which has a regulating effect on the movement of businesses and labour .
The European Union must demand the unconditional and immediate reinstatement of President Zelaya .
Adopting rules on designation of origin could help raise the profile of production in various Member States .
It safeguarded a European perspective for the peoples of the Western Balkans , and provided for the issue of liberalising visa requirements .
Under socialism , their citizens were able to travel to the countries now in the European Union without a visa , but they are now required to have one .
The report also includes dialogue with Kosovo regarding its inclusion in this process .
The security of Europe 's borders has to be a concern of European policy ; otherwise , if we facilitate entry , we may show that we are unable to keep and enforce the rules within the EU.
We voted in favour of this resolution , since we agree with the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs in its opposition to the European Commission 's position , which is to take money away from Progress so as to include it in the funding of a microcredit programme .
One of the most crucial areas of cooperation in EU-Russia relations is specifically that of energy and energy security .
This partnership can play a decisive role on the world stage , given the effects of the economic and financial crisis , the preparations for Copenhagen , and the signing of a future agreement to set up an early warning system to ensure greater energy security between the EU and Russia , thus promoting further cooperation in this field .
The award of the Sakharov prize to Memorial shows how much remains to be done and demonstrates the close attention that this House devotes to Russia .
The last 20 years also serve to remind us that Europe 's relations with Russia are now different , since they are based on dialogue .
I believe that Article 182(5 ) of the Treaty of Lisbon , which lays down the codecision procedure for implementing the European research area , could provide a more appropriate legal basis for future joint programming initiatives in the field of research through greater involvement of the European Parliament .
This report gives a clear and comprehensive view of the European Ombudsman 's activities in 2008 .
It is important to ensure that citizens receive prompt and substantive responses to their enquiries , complaints and petitions , and also to strengthen their trust in the European Union and its institutions .
I welcome the imminent entry into force of the Lisbon Treaty , which strengthens Parliament 's role in several areas , particularly the budget .
Of course , because of the changes introduced into budgetary procedure , the entry into force of the treaty - to which we have been and remain opposed - requires the adoption of these transitional measures , given that the European Union budget for 2010 will still be approved within the framework provided by the Treaty of Nice .
