We know that depletion of the ozone layer has already had some very serious consequences , particularly in the area where we know that the ozone layer is thin and where the incidence of skin cancer is increasing .
I should also like to congratulate Mrs Graenitz on the admirable and skilful way in which she has dealt with this difficult and highly technical subject and on the amendments she has proposed , which include a further tightening-up of the Commission 's proposal .
If we are to achieve the agreed objectives laid down in the Montreal Protocol , we must solve the problem created by these ozone-depleting substances .
I should therefore like to say that some things in life should not be matters for compromise , and the hole in the ozone layer is one of them .
Exemptions are being granted here in respect of certain substances that are damaging to health when usable alternatives exist .
No doubt it would be possible to apply this to numerous directives that deal with different chemicals , not with a view to harmonisation , but to facilitate more progressive legislation in various countries .
Nevertheless , we also condemn Saddam Hussein 's criminal regime and policies .
Such tactics have no place in an international legal system .
We are not going to lynch Pinochet - we are bringing him to trial !
If we wish to avoid a state of chaos in which 'private police forces ' compete against each other , we must act according to international law .
The European Union stands or falls on legality and the rule of law .
Mr President , we are deeply concerned about recent developments in Pakistan .
However , the proposed tightening of control will lead to hostility towards those who practise other religions and Pakistan 's non-Muslim minority .
I truly hope that the Pakistani Government does not spark off any new disturbances as a result of this amendment .
I have just obtained his name from the Iranian intellectual opposition which suffered persecution during the appalling terror .
I should like to float the idea of trying to set up some kind of commission of inquiry which , if possible , would go to Iran to study the situation and demonstrate solidarity by simply being there .
We are very quick to condemn it , but I should like to point out that , in some cases , our actions have been quite different .
This represents a serious failure on the part of Parliament .
I am delighted that Mr Oostlander focuses so much attention on the situation of gypsies , not just in the Member States , but also in Central and Eastern Europe .
I believe this is the first time that anything has been done about a matter which urgently needs our attention .
It is a vitally important task , partly because the dangerous nature of the goods means that they require very careful handling , and partly because of the major implications in terms of achieving an internal market that works efficiently .
This presupposes that different countries apply the same rules in various areas to ensure that border crossings are accomplished smoothly , otherwise there will be serious border-related problems for many years to come .
Future negotiations will lead to it being superseded by the AND Agreement .
The same requirements that apply to road , rail and sea traffic are now being extended to inland waterways .
Madam President , I should like to focus briefly on Amendment No 2 in the Cot report , which calls on the Commission to allocate resources to the ' Fight the fog ' campaign , in other words the campaign for clear language .
A number of Member States , for example the United Kingdom , Belgian Wallonia and the Nordic countries , have been successful in this respect .
Mr President , this report deals with the implementation of EU directives in the Member States .
It could be due to the fact that Member States do not or cannot support the resolution , or that the decision-making process has taken place so quickly that public opinion in individual countries has been unable to keep pace - in which case it is doubtful whether extending the qualified majority is the right solution .
For example , Sweden was granted a four-year exemption period during which it was allowed to retain its ban on antibiotics in animal feedingstuffs .
This excellent report concludes by saying that the resolution should , of course , be implemented since it was adopted jointly .
Nevertheless , its proposals are somewhat lacking in substance - there is no mention of the main targets of our criticism , such as ECHO and nuclear safety .
No, everything is classified !
The root of the problem is that there is not enough openness .
I also hope that the Commissioners who have been singled out will give some explanation this evening of their role in what took place .
There is also reason to believe that the fighting in Kosovo will intensify with the approach of spring .
The Liberal Group is of the opinion that future peace talks should be unconditional .
A fundamental truth has emerged today : we need uniform practices in public administrations .
When are we to see some action , and what principles will be included ?
We should have a code that includes clear rights for our citizens and obligations for the institutions .
Openness is the best remedy for corruption and poor administration , because it enables the public to identify the law-makers and hold them to account .
First of all , the suspension of its official , Mr Van Buitenen , who revealed the truth about fraud to Parliament , shows the Commission 's authoritarian attitude .
The weak point in the Lööw report is the proposal relating to open meetings