changes the way in which residue content is calculated .
The works are on a road which is not part of the route to Santiago .
As we all know , according to the official statistics there are 18 million unemployed - something over 10 % of the active population .
In this panorama our parliamentary group is very critical of the decision taken by governments to refuse to consider the effects of the current model of monetary union at the Intergovernmental Conference .
All this hinders the creation of employment and fuels anxiety amongst the population .
Monetary union with political union .
As you are well aware , it is a wise man who can correct mistakes .
I think you combined a large dose of idealism and a large dose of realism in one speech .
The European Union has managed to avoid that .
Mr President , the tripartite interinstitutional dialogue - Council , Commission , Parliament - is the essence of the Community institutions ' originality .
There are also the day-to-day issues , the crises we have to live through .
Empowering the Court of Justice of the Union in these areas is another necessity .
Millions of boys and girls are forced into prostitution to satisfy the whims of American , Japanese , European , Australian and many other citizens .
So , Mr President , I support Mrs Banotti 's call to create a central European register of children who have been kidnapped or disappeared .
So wine must be treated differently from other alcoholic drinks produced in the European Union - and not only in terms of fiscal policy .
We are also in agreement with the ten summary points highlighted by yourself at the closure of the Interparliamentary Conference on fraud .
However , the Commission dodged the issue , saying that this was not its responsibility , and it referred it back to the Government .
Secondly , and this is a key point , there is only one way of making progress on the re-establishment of the rule of law after a coup d 'état and that is to hand the power that was usurped back to whomever is constitutionally , democratically and legitimately entitled to it .
I would also like to point out that this House will have an opportunity , next week , to apply the principles we defend beyond the mere rubber-stamping of resolutions .
This has led to the introduction of penalties of up to five years ' imprisonment for homosexuals .
We have heard about the expulsion of a number of families from the Bellacruz estate and are also aware that the Office for Human Rights approved by the United Nations has not yet started to operate - our fear is that this motion will not be adopted .
However , in the view of our Group , this is more a question of procedure : the motion 's manifest inappropriateness is so blatant that we simply cannot support it .
Madam President , we are faced , here , with a highly sensitive matter of great concern to the Member States of the Union and European public opinion as a whole .
In addition to the right to defence , those requesting asylum have a right of residence , access to translation services and legal advice as well as a right to basic assistance , in accordance with the principles of the welfare state .
Despite our wealth , we are incapable of offering a humanitarian response to such situations , nor do we have a common immigration policy .
In addition , sufficient legal guarantees were not extracted from the receiving countries .
The next day , ' Reserve police officers violently ejected Africans from government premises ' ; ' Thirty-six immigrants were detained at the police station ' ; ' Another group was expelled to Morocco across the wire fences ' ; Around the same time , July 1992 , ' Almost 100 Africans are trapped between Spain and Morocco ' ; ' The State Commission for Refugees is taking Spain to the European Court of Human Rights ' , and so on .
Melilla and Paris are just two examples - I do not think we would have to go in for mental acrobatics to identify others fairly quickly .
We believe it is important for the European Union to act , firstly by expressing its condolences - as I have stated - but , above all , regarding future prevention , since thousands of European holidaymakers make use of such facilities every summer .
A glance at the reports giving information about the situation of families affected by the tragedy gives one an idea of its scale .
I would make the same request of each and every one of the Commissioners at the Commission , asking them to be generous in their donations and to make the arrangements for the corresponding budget entry .
Floods in Spain
On this occasion , it was the Region of Valencia which was devastated and turned into a wasteland as a result of the worst flooding for over 14 years .
Owing to the regular nature of the floods , it would be necessary to set up a budget line to prevent and repair the damage caused .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , this motion for a resolution is aimed at protecting the Way of Saint James , part of Europe 's cultural and architectural heritage , in the heart of Galicia .
There are , moreover , Madam President , alternative , better and less costly solutions .
The route known as the ' French Route ' is the only pilgrim route to Santiago to have been declared a World Heritage Site by UNESCO and Europe 's First Cultural Route by the Council of Europe in this very House , back in 1986