will no longer be the case in the near future .
We have in front of us a budget relating to the BSE crisis , but know that at this moment a far greater danger is haunting Europe : the danger that foot-and-mouth disease will spread on a large scale .
This budget will , in any case , not be adequate to confront all these calamities .
Every country will try in its own way to find funds to confront the outbreak of all those diseases .
Various speakers have observed that it would be statutorily impossible to change the 70/30 proportion to 50/50 .
What is the percentage that cannot be traced ?
That is to be welcomed , also in the interest of culture and education , because I viewed the report from the perspective of the draftsperson of the opinion of the Committee on Culture , Youth , Education , the Media and Sport .
In this context we are very concerned that the 'must carry ' obligation should be extended to broad-band format , as indicated in Amendment No 14 .
In every conceivable kind of article in magazines and newspapers we even see prophets of doom sowing the seeds of doubt on the question of whether the 3G sector is at all viable .
Finally , as part of the sixth Framework Programme we should use a significant part of our financial resources to solve questions such as the new internet protocol 6 ( IP 6) , e-banking standards , etc .
Fifteen separate national electronic communications markets cannot work .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I should like to thank all the rapporteurs warmly for their commendable reports , but also my fellow MEPs for the excellent collaboration in the Committee on Industry , External Trade , Research and Energy .
In the dividing up of the radio spectrum the licence procedures should be subject to the same conditions in all Member States , because for optimum development of the radio and television market we should aim for a better balance in occupation of frequencies between public service providers on the one hand and commercial providers on the other .
My group therefore considers that this report is , in fact , too immature and too superficial to provide a substantial contribution to the discussion .
It sounds very limited .
Such a measure might well lead to discrimination .
The European Union must concentrate as far as possible on those areas in which it has value added .
That is , it must not be a matter of Europe following the Member States or of Member States following Europe .
Mr President , during the discussion in this Chamber one of the suggestions made is that we , if we name sectors in which we wish to pursue a development policy , should at the same time as it were , impose conditions on colleagues in other countries in the South .
Of course , the Commissioner does not have an easy job : first Commissioner Fischler wants to give the wrong food aid again , then Member States grant Mr Lamy insufficient support when he wants to give extra aid to 48 countries .
And if people in the developing countries have a good project of their own that deserves support , then we must take that route .
That is why it is a good thing that that priority should be established , with the proviso that we are prepared to acknowledge why we have failed hitherto , that we intend to do things differently in future , that a plan of action is agreed and that we are prepared to incorporate benchmarking in that plan .
How much will the poor in those countries really benefit ?
If we take that into account , we can no longer debate in a non-committal way on the Union ' s development policy .
Only recently it emerged that in financing such programmes Europe was showing a high profile in contrast to the United States .
When the Dutch minister Herfkens asked Commissioner Nielson for a budget for these programmes , he was given a positive answer without further ado .
Information and communications technology must indeed be a major priority .
You wo n' t mind my asking today when the Council and the Commission are finally going to make this a priority .
Cofinancing is certainly not a dirty word and does not imply a renationalisation of policy .
Such a campaign would involve one of the major forces in the free-market model , namely the consumer .
We could talk at great length about this issue .
Finally , with regard to the action to be undertaken , I would like to urge the Swedish Presidency to implement the resolution of the European Parliament of November last year , which requested an ad-hoc international tribunal to be established for Iraq .
I fully share the opinion of the German commentator who noted last week : ' A European foreign policy ?
And what is at stake ?
Consequently , I would like to submit a protest on behalf of my group and on behalf of many people who attended the Kazakhstan exhibition yesterday .
Mr President , the report goes a long way to meeting our wishes , although there are a few points in respect of which we have tabled an amendment .
Fourthly , my group opposes the fact that the wider topic of the duty of consultation , with regard to the transport of all dangerous substances , is addressed in this report .
Improved market access for the least developed countries is a case in point .
Are their fragile economies given the opportunity to prepare for competition ?
We believe that sugar should , in the first place , be treated as any other arable product