Mr President , President-in-Office of the Council , President of the Commission , Mr Solana , ladies and gentlemen , if , as we hope , the Treaty of Lisbon comes into force on 1 January 2009 , this will mark the start of a new era for the Union 's Common Foreign and Security Policy .
The Council has not always been open and transparent enough for our liking , but our relations have progressed a great deal nonetheless .
For the first time , I think that this is a debate in preparation for the appointment of the future 'double-hatted ' EU Foreign Minister .
Which brings me to ask the question : what shall we do without this creative tension ? ( FR ) ... in future , when there is only one institution .
At present , a country which is not eligible for GSP+ from 2009 will have to wait until the introduction of the next regulation in 2012 in order to reapply .
This serves as a reminder that , for many MPs in ACP countries , the Assembly is sometimes the only possible forum for democratic expression .
Mr President , I should first of all like to congratulate Mr Hutchinson on his excellent report .
It is an opportunity for fair , sustainable and joint development .
In this respect , the report of the Court of Auditors published a few months ago is damning .
We need universally comprehensible procedures which can be operated by a sufficient number of reliable , efficient and competent staff , and are accessible to developing countries , who in any case are the main victims of IUU fishing .
However , we will not succeed if we do not take strict and drastic measures , if we do not employ all of the necessary means , because these texts will not be enforced without financial and human resources , adopting much more dissuasive sanctions than those that currently exist with regard to illegal fishing .
This sends out a strong signal to unscrupulous fleets , which will help clamp down on the unfair competition which is slowly but surely putting our fishermen out of business .
I invite the Commission to focus particularly on small and medium-sized enterprises , which consider excessively burdensome customs rules and procedures as one of the key obstacles to international trade .
He also explained this to me back in December 2005 , when we were in Hong Kong together .
It is right to ensure that new initiatives in the region are not dependent on resolution of the conflict , but we would also be fooling ourselves if we ignored its negative impact on the concrete capacities to develop Mediterranean projects that are relevant to the citizens .
There will be the retort that the Union and its Member States are Palestine 's largest donors ; that is true and it is a good thing .
The second question is whether we should separate the debate on oil prices from the fisheries debate or hold a single debate on both .
We have introduced two major principles : the polluter pays principle and the principle of priority correction at source .
Mme Laperrouze has listed all the points on which we have made progress .
We now have an instrument to verify that .
( The President cut off the speaker . )
As Mr Mate said , the directive will force all Member States to pay particular attention to the rights of children .
However , of these nine Member States , three will not be affected - the United Kingdom , Ireland and Denmark - because they are not participating in this directive .
I am personally convinced that it is through partnership with a number of third countries that we will succeed in finding the ways and means of this coordinated immigration policy .
Above all , it gives Member States far too much leeway on key issues such as the rights of minors and detention periods .
Slovakia 's entry into the euro area represents the crowning of the remarkable progress made by the Slovakian economy over the last decade .
The impact of cohesion policy on the integration of vulnerable communities and groups ( 27 .
The compromise that has just been voted on will enable Member States to 'make progress ' so that they comply with these standards by 2018 .
Will it also be the year for combating globalisation , which causes unemployment ?
I voted in favour of the Casa report on the adoption by Slovakia of the single currency on 1 January 2009 , in which the European Parliament is won over by the positive recommendations of the Commission , the ECB and the Council .
Given that this question of controlling external borders concerns the powers of Frontex , the Commission has obtained a detailed response from the Agency , which is attached .
We will also continue to look at everything else that can be done to improve border surveillance .
The directive further states that access to retained data must be defined by the internal laws of each Member State , that these provisions must comply with the European Convention on Human Rights and must , of course , respect the principles of proportionality and necessity .
Madam President , you are right : we must ensure respect for data protection .
Compared with the lengthy extradition procedure , which generally takes more than a year , under the European Arrest Warrant a surrender procedure takes only 43 days on average .
Despite this , I can tell you that I will pay close attention to this implementation of the European Arrest Warrant .
How can the Commission have given the go-ahead for this kind of project , merely proposing compulsory labelling and a review of the provisions in 2 years ' time etc. ?
It is only at