a full committee in its own right .     – Mr President , I take the floor pursuant to Rules 166 and 150 to say that , in my view , we are about to commit a very serious and inexplicable act .
We are facing an immense tragedy – a million displaced persons , 200 000 refugees , 30 000 dead – faced with which the international community intervened very late in calling for a cease-fire and the opening of peace negotiations .
I therefore think it is essential for the European Union to push for positive results from the Abuja negotiations .
We are in September 2004 , and this delayed reaction is not due to the fact that we did not know .
I shall be more cautious in seeing the shadow of al-Qaeda behind every conflict that breaks out on this earth .
It is not enough to provide aid , but the populations need to be able to have access to it in complete safety .
They have declared global war on us using unconventional methods , and we must not forget that we were given many warnings , from the Dar es Salaam and Nairobi attacks to the escalation of the Taliban regime .
At the same time we anguish over the hostages , that odious form of violence and blackmail .
From Iraq to Chechnya and Palestine , the mindset of war , brutal repression and the denial of human rights and the rights of peoples has helped terrorism .
In every area of activity there is a need to return to politics , multilateralism and international law .
Terrorism and war are mirror images and feed off each other .
I should like here to remember the two young Italian women , Simona Pari and Simona Torretta .
Such terrorism , for which a human life counts for nothing , which kills and rapes innocent children , which kidnaps peace workers or civilians and holds the governments and peoples of Europe to ransom , can only receive our most severe and unconditional condemnation .
It is not a case of giving in or not to the blackmail of terrorist groups , but rather a case of sending out concrete signs of a change in strategy , whereby the withdrawal of the occupying troops is seen as a precondition for sending in a UN contingent composed of forces from countries not involved in the war .
A subjugated Europe has never been willing or able to stand up to the aggressiveness of the victors at Yalta .
It should also be noted that there is a lack of a common feeling of being European .
To promote this path to restoring peace , Europe needs to take strong , united action that is clearly in favour of dialogue with the Islamic world and strongly against terrorism and all kinds of violence .
Under these conditions , the elections planned for January 2005 , if they take place , will be neither free nor fair .
The two Italian women volunteers , like so many others , are there to help , to protect the weak and to do good .
The Commission ’s proposal , presented here by Mr Almunia , is a good starting point but needs to be improved .
Every day we say we must implement the Lisbon Agenda , but the results are there for all to see .
To prevent national opportunism if the golden rule is implemented , it is important that there should be clear European objectives and clear European rules , as well as equally clear financing with checks on its appropriateness and checks on the outcome , without leaving any room for accountancy tricks or bullying tactics , which have been used all too often in the recent past , even by countries considered to be hard-liners .
Our potential growth in Europe is consistently below that figure , and so the Pact does not hold .
We should not be afraid of participation and democracy , because it is the only way in which the new Europe of peoples , of rights and of the Constitution will really be a strong and empowered Europe .     Mr President , I was referring precisely to the request to repatriate the body of Italian journalist Enzo Baldoni , provided for in the motion for a resolution .
I know that Mr Tajani will ask to table an oral amendment and I can already foresee that we will agree .     Mr President , as the Members of this House know , this morning in Baghdad three people were abducted from their home , two of whom are US citizens and one a European citizen of British origin .
There is substantial documentation at the United Nations which I think should also be examined more thoroughly by this Parliament .
I think that a firm resolution is needed , aiming at ensuring , , that the Maldives really are a paradise , but a paradise in which democracy and the respect of human rights prevail .     – Mr President , I believe it is only right and proper that this Parliament should formally express its shock and outrage at the number of victims of the terrorist attack in Taba last week .
These five years have been marked by major political and institutional changes and momentous events in Europe and around the world .
I should like to begin this meeting of ours by reminding you where the European Union stood in 1999 .
Lastly , the Commission itself was in crisis , shaken by the events of 1998 and 1999 .
We could not rush the process either , without ensuring that we had the support of the people in the Union .
Nonetheless , the scepticism surrounding this proposal , which I have supported ever since that night in Nice , was very deep