than has been the case so far , there should be a clear link between debt relief and financial assistance on the one hand , and good governance , respect for human rights , democracy and the rule of law on the other .
ACP states involved in armed conflict should allow the World Bank and the IMF full access to their accounts .
I hope that the Council will not once again shelve this important communication , inspired by former Commissioner Deus Pinheiro .
As recently as today , we read in our newspapers that the situation in the Ivory Coast has taken a turn for the worse once again , and that our own people who are there to report on the elections are running the risk of being involved in a new armed internal conflict .
This sometimes directly affects the power relations between countries involved in one and the same conflict .
Accumulating minerals , massacring other ethnic groups , establishing independence or occupying part of the desert ?
Africa , in particular , is an unusually belligerent part of the world .
EU Member States which provide weapons to warring parties are partly to blame for the profound human suffering and the obliteration of their own development aid .
Secondly , I have to say that it is easy to shed crocodile tears over the fate of dangerous criminals in democratic states .
It violates the right to life , is irrevocable and can involve innocent people .
Normally speaking , I believe that that is one of the tasks of the Commissioners and I would not comment on it under normal circumstances .
I share his view on what he said here about Montenegro , but the biggest problem is , of course , what to do with Kosovo .
In this way , there is a chance that the European Union will still manage to fulfil its obligations with regard to the Kyoto Protocol .
I am interested to see if Commissioner Wallström will also be in favour of them .
Many citizens like the idea of a climate one or two degrees warmer , but the warm Gulf Stream which is giving us a pleasant climate at the moment could turn at any time .
American citizens should not be entitled to emit two hundred times more CO2 than people in East Africa .
The swift ratification of the Kyoto Protocol is the right way forward .
We therefore need to employ all possible means and use them to the full .
The trade in emissions must be fair and must be able to rely on a level playing field in the sectors involved .
The Hague must also set an agenda for the future , of which equal emission rights for all the citizens of the world must certainly form a part .
This indicates that the problem is new but no less serious as a result .
They do not feature in the so-called uniform principles , although they should .
I subscribe to the rapporteur ' s plea to intensify support for the producers and to strengthen their position , and I consider these initiatives to be essential .
But if you consider the distribution across the Southern countries , for example the position of Portugal compared to other countries , one can ask oneself whether this distribution is even in every respect .
Either this is a way of pursuing Liberal politics , where the left hand does not know what the right hand is doing , or there is a lack of coordination .
There is a lot of money about in the agricultural sector these days , but that does not appear to be a guarantee for a good income or safeguard the future of the business .
Global warming and extreme weather conditions are increasingly caused by industry , agriculture and transport .
Moreira Da Silva Report ( A5-0271/2000 )
The substances and materials in these products , however , do carry a risk .
As everyone knows , life is full of risks and uncertainties .
Pursuant to the precautionary principle , the possible harmfulness of dangerous substances , materials and products should be given scientific substance .
We will need to work on those .
We need to go further .
We would ask the European Central Bank to do two things .
However , the banks keep maintaining that this is impossible .
Moreover , volume and number of retail payments only form a small percentage of the total number of credit transfers .
On a final note , I would like to give consumers more options to transfer money .
She expressed her views in no uncertain terms .
When euro coins and notes are introduced on 1 January 2002 , consumers will start to use the euro frequently , and how are we then to explain that there are differences in its use , even though there is one currency and one euro area ?
If there are still payment commitments with the home country , this should not prevent people from working abroad .
It is only right that the banking sector should be tackled and given a stiff talking to , for while the most important techniques and standards are in place , there is still no flexibility in sight for cross-border credit transfers for amounts up to EUR 50 000 .
This objection does not detract from the fact that I give the rapporteur , Mrs Peijs , all credit for her thoroughness in this matter .
Borders should no longer play a role in future .
This is why it is crucial that well before 1 January 2002 , a whole host of measures are taken , so that these are in place when the new coins and notes are introduced .
We will be exchanging ideas on this topic during the large round-table conference to be held on 9 November next in Brussels