showed that Europe is a community of values , not just an economic community .
In the difficult task still ahead of you , we , the European Parliament , and in particular my group , will always be a critical , sometimes perhaps even a highly critical , but always a reliable partner .
That is something else you had to learn as President-in-Office of the Council : that these are two different things !
But we should ensure that the discussions are substantive .
The Franco-German engine simply does not run on milk .
That is why I can only repeat that Europe 's future lies in overcoming attempts to draw new frontiers and the domination of national interests .
That also explains the statements by your colleague Mr Wemheuer and by President Santer of the Commission , who both said that the current agreement would soon have be followed by another reform .
Applause Mr President-in-Office of the Council , the military action has clear humanitarian objectives and we very strongly urge you to adhere to those objectives .
We must begin with a kind of Marshall Plan or stability pact .
He has no respect for mankind !
In my view , the only solution at this point is an autonomous Kosovo , in which the citizens are returned home under the protection of international troops .
You also spoke , in a different connection , about solidarity with the weak .
But it will take a lot more work before the objectives set out by the Berlin European Council have an impact on the ground .
Now we are told the milk market reform is only to begin in the year 2005 , in three phases , and that the quota system is to expire in 2008 .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , I voted against the report because I believe that we basically still need another discussion about agricultural policy in this House .
I voted against both reports because in my view we should not create a kind of social union within the European Union .
It would have been important for Parliament , which accepted the reduction of dioxin emissions into the air and the reduction of the values , to also agree to the values for water .
That is why the generals should only intervene after the politicians have failed .
People keep saying that ground troops could perhaps be deployed .
I would be interested to know : can this kind of disaster happen again , yes or no ?
I am convinced that only then can we give a vote of confidence to a new Commission for only then can we hope never to experience another disaster like BSE.
I believe that we must continue to follow up the question of the precautionary principle which we have now anchored in our legislation and that we will also have to incorporate the principles of transparency and of separation of powers , which we now have in the Union , in international treaties and agreements too .
As elected representatives it is our duty to stand up for the people .
And we know the subject matter .
It should be possible to present and explain all these activities to the public .
If it does not happen , we can offer up thanks .
An important point is that we should not tar everyone with the same brush .
It is working the hardest , even though it receives practically no help at all from us , and so we must support it .
Government debt is 48 % and the budget deficit in 1997 was 2.7 % .
Ten years after the historical changes of 1989 we must do everything in our power to make this crucial progress with the accession process .
We in the PPE Group see the accession and negotiation as a single process , and we are convinced that we have to prove ourselves , and that the accession of all these countries associated with us by Europe agreements must soon become a reality .
We are faced with a great challenge .
That is the heart of the matter , and that is why we must make sure that these accessions happen as soon as possible once the criteria have been fulfilled .
I am referring to the amendments tabled on the report .
Some distributional restraints reflect an economic requirement , for example because of the scale of investment or the consequent rate of return .
I should like to express my sincere thanks to him for that and for this annual report .
This applies particularly in terms of closeness to the people , which as we all know is one of the fundamental principles of the European Union .
But we need the common customs tariff and the rest to lay the foundations of such a service .
The subject is not new .
The target date of 2004 and the establishment of committees containing government experts makes the implementation of this approach appear realistic , especially since it does not involve grafting a ready-made system onto any national structure but rather the joint development of solutions with the 15 Member States .
Madam President , I shall follow the lead of my honourable colleague Brian Simpson and thank Mrs Schmidbauer for her cooperative approach to the preparation of this report .
Mrs Schmidbauer , my colleague Mr Ferber was absolutely right .
Mr President , Mrs Hautala , who chairs the Committee on Women 's Rights , was trying to move an oral amendment to Amendments Nos 1 and 2 in order to specify which forms of sex discrimination fell within the remit of committees I and VIII .
But may I ask the groups that have tabled this motion to explain what can be done to ensure that the creation of militarily protected humanitarian corridors to Albania and Macedonia does not usher in the partition of Kosovo .
