Indeed , the only reason why the majority of this House wants to refer these reports back to committee is so that it can wait for the Treaty of Lisbon to enter into force .
I must admit that I learnt something new from these two reports by Mrs Geringer de Oedenberg : I learnt that those countries that chose not to participate in judicial cooperation in civil matters had , nonetheless , also lost their sovereignty .
In the short term , the early warning system that we agreed on last week with Russia should help us to identify the problems in time .
Firstly , I have some misgivings about the fact that the environment portfolio is going to be divided into three areas : climate change , energy and the environment .
Do you think that it is you , the President of the Commission - you have been elected and confirmed President - who makes the Commission , who organises the Commission and who defines the commissioners ' remit , or is it the countries of the Union and the large countries that impose , or otherwise , a certain position on you ?
Unfortunately , it is not provided for by the treaty .
I will do my level best to ensure that all those who are affected by this issue can participate in and make a contribution to the revision of what is , as you yourself have emphasised , a highly important strategy .
The Commission will present a communication on this subject in 2010 .
The Commission will also submit proposals on this issue , taking advantage of the opportunities offered by the Treaty of Lisbon .
To conclude , the Commission is fully involved in negotiating the Stockholm Programme .
You gave the example of a British citizen in Greece .
The Member States must decide whether the asylum seeker can claim refugee status and , if he does not meet the criteria required to be considered a refugee , they must verify whether he can receive so-called subsidiary protection .
I come now to another question : which conditions have to be met before the decision is taken to conduct a return operation ?
So there is a difficult balance there , which the Commission is monitoring closely .
Mr President , I have listened carefully to the speakers , but I would nevertheless like to share a number of queries and concerns regarding the matter before us and , to do so , I will inevitably draw on two recent examples .
When I hear , for example , the French immigration minister declare that forced returns should be carried out under the banner of Europe , I tell you now that the founding fathers did not invent Europe for that purpose .
Mr Billström has a charming way of putting it , since he tells us that this is a reasonable mobilisation of resources .
You know that asylum seekers are treated very differently in each of the European countries and , precisely because of these differences , Afghans are unable to seek asylum in good conditions .
What I would also like to say to you is that , regarding this idea of a safe country , there is Court of Justice and European Court of Human Rights case-law that says that the simple fact of coming from a country or a region in which there is unrest is not reason enough to justify absolute protection against deportation or the right to subsidiary protection , except in exceptional cases in which the level of general violence is so high that anyone is in real danger of suffering threats to their life or their person simply as a result of being in the country or the region concerned .
I wish to thank the Swedish Presidency .
However , the way I see it , once Dell gave up one of these production sites , we changed nothing as regards the overall evaluation of the company 's strategy .
Therefore , studying each of the individual cases , we in our working group on the Globalisation Adjustment Fund have called for the Commission to keep a close eye on all of the aid granted to each of the plants , be it at European or at regional aid level , because the European support policies that we are developing must not be used in an unbalanced way and must not backfire on workers .
Today , it is the Union for the Mediterranean that is stagnating , and the political disputes that have gone unmentioned have come back to haunt it .
That is not enough , however .
I would like to warn you , ladies and gentlemen , against the facile criticisms that we have heard in recent days .
It is at the end of this process that she will be fully invested with her duties as Vice-President of the ' Barroso II ' Commission .
One might doubt the legitimate use of public funds in this context and regret the lack of social responsibility of our companies , which are guided by an exclusive concern for profitability , regardless of the jobs destroyed .
The world is staking its future on the months to come .
The European Union produces approximately 11 % of worldwide CO2 emissions .
I welcome the resolution , as it primarily concerns the citizens and ties in with my priorities : a Europe of law and justice ( protection of fundamental rights and the fight against all forms of discrimination ) ; a Europe that protects everything whilst not acting like Big Brother ( strengthening of Europol and of police and judicial cooperation in criminal matters both operationally and administratively , improvement of inter-State cooperation between the police and information services , construction of a European criminal justice area based on