The Commissioner has touched on some of the areas where some initiatives have been taken , but it still remains extremely limited .
If there are no such provisions , then there will always be a difference , and that means that there will be those who can get off lightly by circumventing the common rules .
May I also ask a question regarding the system of sanctions in relation to the Member States ?
We have not yet seen a single example of this option being used .
What is firmly fixed , following the meeting in the wellguarded factory area in Turin , is some clear outline of what we can expect .
It is a clear procedure that has been adopted , and the outlines of the future Union are more or less clear .
It is specifically , as mentioned under item D , that Europe must assert itself better at international level and must administer a joint foreign and security policy which is in keeping with its rank in the world .
It concerns areas which are of decisive importance for the development of the European Union .
I believe that we will do so again , and if the Danish tradition is applied to the whole Union , then the Union project will encounter difficulties .
Nobody puts a question mark against the White Paper 's and the report 's principal political objective : peace and stability in Europe .
The critical point is that the idea is not to provide a basis for free dialogue and free economic relations between independent nations .
The keyword is adaptation , which actually means , in practice , submission .
There are political conditions attached to our neighbours ' access to our markets , and these political conditions are based on the obsessive notion that social , political and legal problems are solved by means of strengthened supranational mechanisms .
It is a tragic mistake , not made any better by the report 's highflown language which includes an innovation called the social market economy .
It is quite insane to imagine pollution on that scale .
The technology could not go wrong .
The answer was , of course , that it was because the Soviet Union was undemocratic .
With all technology of that type there is probably a danger - albeit slight - of an accident .
There is only one answer to Chernobyl : it must be closed down .
It is the only answer decent people can give to using technology which was anything but harmless .
The truth is , of course , that we in the West also bear a responsibility for promoting this technology .
That is not the answer .
That is what has prompted me to speak today .
Today , I would like to describe the situation in Lithuania with regard to this plant .
The carbon rods which control the cooling system have a remaining lifespan of possibly 8 years .
There are problems with the spent fuel rods .
There are no plans for how they are to be regenerated or stored .
The government in Lithuania cannot come to a decision , because it is good economic business to operate this plant .
There is therefore a discrepancy between the policy agreed with Lithuania on this plant , and the plant 's management .
The Union has a clear task , and that is to help build up these alternatives , to provide support for the reorganization of energy systems and distribution , but it requires a totally different and firm set of agreements .
It also requires a great deal of money .
It is , in fact , one of the biggest problems associated with the enlargement , etc .
Parliament has , on several occasions , pointed out the need to bring about practical Baltic cooperation .
New Member States , more applicant countries , everything already points in the same direction , as other colleagues have stressed .
It is necessary to stimulate regional cooperation .
The differences are not really that great as yet .
The summit meeting , as we call it , followed by an actual Baltic Council meeting , should end with a declaration of intent to establish an actual Baltic programme in line with the Mediterranean programme .
It is exceptionally important that , for example , environment , transport , various networks and joint exploitation of the Baltic 's resources are discussed and planned in a common Baltic spirit .
The Council and the Commission must follow up the Visby meeting and ensure that hope , strength and faith in the future is given to the peoples around the Baltic Sea .
I would like to begin by saying that I have a lot of sympathy for the amendments tabled by Mrs Hautala and Mrs Stenius-Kaukonen , but the principal matter is the joint motion for a resolution .
But up in the north we put away our weapons of war at the beginning of the previous century , after the Napoleonic wars .
It is perhaps worth reminding this Assembly that the era of Swedish and Danish imperialism and the many wars fought between the two nations , was brought to a peaceful conclusion without any union - in fact , one might say that the opposite was the case , in that it led to cooperation at all levels , but without any supranational institutions .
These peaceful neighbourly relations have formed the basis for the international cooperation which has developed in the Baltic region , particularly as a result of the Helsinki conventions and the HELCOM cooperation on the Baltic 's marine environment .
But now it is going to end , according to the joint motion for a resolution , for the EU 's federalists demand that this regional cooperation , this international co-operation , be