public opinion worldwide , i .e . as a country which should lead the way in its policies to reduce nuclear danger .
The Council has introduced the amounts to be used for action to extend the EU-Turkey Customs Union and for the economic and social development of Turkey , but it has not set the usual political criteria which have to be fulfilled nor has it allocated any of the funds to action over the earthquakes .
For the first time in years , the amendment of the Committee on Budgets not only approves the Council ' s appropriations but actually increases them , thereby making good the cuts the Council had previously made as a result of Kosovo .
It is a budget tailor made to the Stability Pact and to the drastic cuts imposed on Member States both within and outside the euro zone .
What is particularly worrying is the fact that , alongside the reduction in support expenditure for agricultural product markets , there is also an increase in and systemisation of expenditure under the second pillar of the CAP intended to wipe out small and medium-sized farmers .
We are equally against the tabling of proposals to approve the necessary appropriate legal bases , when it is a well-known fact that the human rights situation in Turkey has showed no signs of improvement , that the same policy is still being pursued on the Kurdish question and that Turkey is still occupying a large part of Cyprus .
It would be naïve of us to expect a different approach from the bodies of the EU , when both the community budget and national budgets have to operate within the unpopular and austere framework of the Maastricht criteria with tight cutbacks in public finances .
, in writing .
Extensive restructuring and company mergers have favoured increased profit-yielding activities at the cost of productive investments which , in turn , has led to mass redundancies .
Employees are expected , with a gun threatening unemployment held to their heads , to underwrite increased profits and to accept humiliating agreements on terms , conditions and salaries , as in the Michelin case , only to find that their jobs are eventually axed anyway .
Today ' s resolution , in effect , renders the European Parliament jointly responsible for implementing more unpopular policies to the detriment of workers .
Mr President , as you said yourself , the report concerns a Commission proposal on the transport of dangerous goods by rail .
This Convention only applies to cross-border transport and does not cover the national carriage of dangerous goods by rail .
However , this directive provided for a certain number of derogations , restrictions and exemptions .
In this case , the date of entry into force of the provisions of the directive is to be determined by the Committee set up on the basis of the directive .
The reason for the postponement is that , due to delays in the standardisation work being carried out by the European Committee for Standardisation , the 1999 version of the RID does not incorporate standards for the construction and use of tanks and receptacles for transporting Class 2 gases .
The general public takes a great interest in the transport of dangerous goods and measures relating to such transport .
The national regulations can be very different , in particular on technical grounds and also for climatic reasons , which leads to a fragmentation of the market within the EU which is incompatible with the single market .
With regard to the second part of the proposal specifying the conditions on which a transport operation can be considered an "ad hoc " transport operation and also regarding the procedure for the acceptance of derogations , I personally welcome and approve the Commission proposal which is , in fact , more stringent than the legislation in force today .
That is why it is something that we , if you like us older MEPs and Members of the previous European Parliament , are quite perturbed about .
With the same steady pace , however , mass unemployment , underemployment and part-time employment are also continuing to torment the working people of Europe .
When the European Central Bank considers a growth rate of over 2.5 % dangerous , whilst the Commission is calling for a growth rate of over 3 % in order to reduce unemployment to 7 % within 6-7 years , then this can only lead to greater pressure on the labour market which in turn will upset working relations .
What kind of dialogue is this ?
The European Central Bank which is not accountable to anybody ?
In my opinion , in refusing to take part in such short-lived institutional fabrications , the European Parliament , which is a vehicle for openness and transparency , is showing dignity .
I therefore believe that we should see macroeconomic dialogue in its true light .
It is a dialogue between the masterminds of monetary policy , i .e . the European Central Bank , the political powers of Europe , represented by the Council and the Presidency , and the social partners , representing workers and manufacturers .
A particularly interesting agenda has emerged through the various participants in this dialogue on both a technical and political level .
How effective can the action plans of the Member States and the employment policy with its 22 guidelines be in addressing the problems of structural unemployment , long-term unemployment and youth unemployment ?
When a dialogue at this level and with these procedures is only held twice a year , it is not possible for it to provide all the answers to such questions .
May I take the opportunity , however , to denounce the unacceptable situation on ships at present .
