leaving the 6 % who still work in rural areas to face the anger of the remaining 94 % of Europeans , who then rightly point out that a 'philosophy ' of this kind will not only cause jobs and social security to disappear for ever , but will eventually cause the downfall of the successful model which is the European Union , and which is unique in the history of Europe and the world .
It is about our credibility in the eyes of all the people in the Union , but above all it is about our credibility towards the 27 million who are unemployed , whom we repeatedly assure that both the Member States and the European Union itself will make every effort to combat unemployment as effectively - and above all as quickly - as possible .
That is why we must ensure that no Member State is able to avoid implementing specific support measures for women .
That would be a catastrophe for rural areas .
The final point which I should like to underline clearly once again , and which I would ask to be taken into account in the position we adopt at the talks in Rambouillet , is as follows : without military back-up , the whole initiative does not make any sense , and it will be years - as we have of course also seen in Bosnia - before a real solution is reached here .
But against my better judgement , I am still hoping for an agreement in Rambouillet and I have done all I can to influence the Albanians .
Applause
That is why I have voted against the Needle report .
Increasing the number of participants could prove to be a positive development by providing the conference with fresh momentum .
If you look at when the funds were used , you can see that a considerable percentage were not used until the last few weeks of the year .
I also wish to comment on a point raised by Commissioner Marín .
We consider direct interference in the election to be unacceptable .
In my view it would not hurt us to be more pro-Israel in our advice .
Will that not destroy many more jobs in small businesses that are not in the right place and do not have the opportunities available to all the other large firms ?
Older reactors , especially first generation reactors , need to be decommissioned as quickly as possible , while modern plants need to be upgraded , and we particularly need to cooperate with the CEECs and the New Independent States to develop an all-embracing energy policy .
That is why I am asking for swifter action before the whole thing packs up !
And what is more , the disposal problem has not been solved in these countries and the risks of proliferation are mounting .
If we apply the same principle to the nuclear power sector , this means that it is absolutely essential for nuclear safety standards in the applicant countries to be brought into line with those in the EU.
If we could reduce baseload power consumption , and it would be quite a simple matter to save 30-40 % straight away by using electricity rationally , and we could also generate a lot using renewables , that would enable us to decommission a good many nuclear power stations only used for baseload .
We all know that the Council does not want anything to happen .
It is we politicians who are most concerned , because we understand the link between energy consumption and CO2 emissions .
A start has been made , but something more comprehensive is needed .
Madam President , the only thing you can say about these three reports is that they are acceptable , and we can vote for them - but that does not solve our problem .
That is the crux of the matter .
You will have my full support , but we must do something .
We need a proposal along these lines because it is necessary , when bringing renewables onto the market , to create a certain buffer , and to offer some support until they become commercially viable .
But above all , I have in mind the commission charged on exchange transactions .
That is why I think it is really important for the Commission to launch an initiative or take some other measures , perhaps even in the form of legislation , on maximum charges .
I would therefore like to thank the rapporteur very sincerely for all his efforts .
I find it hard to believe that no other crop would thrive where tobacco is grown .
Fourth , we should provide financial support during the transition period while production is switched to other agricultural products .
They may not , however , indirectly limit the scope of the Staff Regulations by restating in more precise terms an already clear provision of those regulations ' .
I fear that if we were to adopt the Commission proposal in the form presented to us , it would not be acceptable to the Council of Ministers , in view of the Council 's existing reservations in the light of the judgment of the European Court of Justice which I have quoted , and because of the second report of the Court of Auditors .
The prohibition of discrimination against citizens of third countries makes sense in view of the forthcoming enlargement of the Union , and the Council will certainly not reject the statute on those grounds .
I hope that on Thursday you will support my group and myself by voting to give our assistants social security and to preserve the European Parliament 's autonomy