Presidency .
I would like to mention briefly that we have resolved some extremely important issues : the legislative planning , coordination of legislative work between the institutions ; the Council informing Parliament on both the annual and the multiannual draft strategic programme ; the presence of the Council in committees  – in committees as well as in the House , of course  – which I feel is important for the exchange of views necessary for Parliament’s work , the Commission commits to participate regularly in the work of the committees , preferably at ministerial level , but , in any case , at the highest level appropriate and at an accountable level .
Mr President , I would like to speak briefly about the issue of impact assessment .
Nevertheless , we must not disregard the fact that the Commission has also given a specific response to the unprecedented crisis that has struck the space sector , specifically launchers , undermining the activity of many industries and accentuating distortions of the world market .
Europe’s goals have to be supported by public resources , as is the case across the world , and by more active organisation of common policies in fields such as agriculture , telecommunications , the environment and transport .
This is not – and we need to make this clear  – about militarising space , but rather about recognising that this is about twofold activities , both military and civil , as well as a strategy for European security that cannot be abandoned because of the temptations of US unilateralism .
The package reforming the control of concentrations is made up of the proposal for a new Community merger regulation and of a draft communication that contains guidelines on assessing horizontal mergers .
The three vital points both in the Commission proposal and also in Parliament 's report , points that you drew attention to yourself , Commissioner , are the substantive test , jurisdiction and procedural issues .
In this respect , your rapporteur acted on the Commission 's proposal to add a paragraph to Article 2 , which would have defined the concept of dominant position more clearly .
Firstly , there is the position of the workforce .
I am delighted to see that , by and large , the report supports the Commission 's proposal , and that we share the same general objectives with regard to the need for reform .
The Commission brought forward its proposal because it had become aware of the need to guarantee maximum legal certainty , an objective which it seems to me was generally shared and supported by various speakers , including Mr Olle Schmidt , Mr Ilgenfritz , Mr Santos and others .
I fully appreciate the intentions behind the proposed amendment , but I believe that it would introduce an additional complication , because companies would first have to find out where to notify an operation .
I can assure you that , like you , we believe that there should not be any presumption that the law is being breached in concentrations , and that they are , therefore , effectively different from cartels , for example .
That much is clear .
Because concentrations have a unique  one-off if you like   structural impact on the market , which is irreversible .
I would like to thank all the speakers once again for their contributions and , in particular , Mr Della Vedova and Mr Doorn .     . – Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , as the High Representative , Mr Javier Solana , has just explained , the political situation in the Middle East has reached a very low point .
It is this commitment that currently seems to be lacking : we therefore have to re-establish the political will to make the two-state solution work .
All extrajudicial executions and all punitive demolition of homes must stop .
This is an important aspect , and we should not lose sight of it .
I must say , Mr Solana , that I feel frustrated , embittered and , above all , highly indignant .
We were not there at that moment , because we rightly recognised that Ariel Sharon had been legitimately elected .
I thought Mr Poettering’s speech was marvellous , to the point and perfect , even on the subject of the wall .
Now , I am convinced that there are many things that can be done ; I am also convinced that Parliament must take itself more seriously when it drafts and adopts resolutions .
They forget , for instance , that the Palestinian constitution denies the existence of Israel ; they forget that Palestinian school books teach that Israel does not exist and that its people do not exist and never have existed ; they forget that , in 1999 or 2000 , the Camp David initiative failed because of Yasser Arafat’s clumsiness at negotiating and accepting a compromise that might , perhaps , have resulted in a very different situation from the one we have today ; they also forget everything about which we are quite rightly indignant , because we demand a lot from Israel , a democratic people , and we are also entitled to demand a lot from peoples that are not democratic but , we hope , will become so .
With regard to our second hope , setting up the fund is a first , concrete step forward , but it is not enough in itself .
I am speaking as a journalist to a President who is also a journalist .
Since the beginning of the year , 7000 refugees have come ashore on Lampedusa , all fleeing in desperation from places that are not far from Europe .
Parliament is processing dossiers on combating the trafficking of human beings and illegal immigration , on common asylum rules , on integration measures and on aid to third countries to enable them to mount information campaigns and dissuade their citizens from leaving .
