We assume that this Treaty will contain a clear legal basis for combating all forms of violence against women , including , of course , trafficking in women , and that we shall be devising a common European policy for combating the trade in human beings .
This new form of slavery mainly affects women and girls but , irrespective of who is being enslaved , the mere presence of slavery is humanity ' s best evidence of poverty .
It is a serious matter that we should have this type of trade , because it is often not even adult women who are affected but near-children and very , very young people .
Like the previous speaker , I want to emphasise that we need to see action taken and that police cooperation needs to be developed and more information made available .
I can therefore only appeal to everyone to vote in favour of the report and to go home and work on their own governments , organisations and the media , too .
The report states that the initiative was poorly planned , that it contains no justification section , that it was prepared without organisations such as ECRE or UNHCR being consulted and that the relationship between the principles of readmission between the Member States and the principles of readmission to third countries is not made clear .
There are also no procedural safeguards , which does not surprise me because , less than two months ago , the same Ministry of the Interior which is behind the present initiative proposed that Finnish immigration law be changed to include rapid repatriation .
I regret that the Council ' s and Parliament ' s time has been used in this way .
I think it is odd , to say the least , that our colleagues should behave in this way .
Would you be so kind as to repeat what the oral amendment should really consist of ?
In the case of Mr Brie ' s crime , which we are now discussing , this clearly relates , in the first place , to political activity .
This case is concerned only with a purely administrative violation .
That would be devastating .
In spite of these misgivings of mine , I cannot quite understand our allowing all other forms of tobacco product - cigarettes , cigars and pipes - which are in themselves more dangerous for the individual who uses them .
What gives snuff an advantage is the fact that nicotine addicts can use it without affecting the environment .
One ought not perhaps to refer to one ' s own experience in this Assembly , but I myself took up smoking when I was very young .
Then , if not before , I painfully learned the cost in terms of suffering of the smoke produced by myself and all smokers .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I welcome the good result which the European Parliament and the Council have achieved on this important issue .
This new regulation envisages a range of measures to minimise discharges of ozone-depleting substances .
I should also like to respond to the question put earlier .
Mr President , Commissioner , it seems as if I am forever subject to Murphy ' s law where this report is concerned , because I myself was in Romania when we voted on it in the Committee .
That is perhaps not the case now , but it is other parts of television ' s distribution network which will become bottlenecks or gatekeepers if we do not watch out .
It is therefore important that we should have an API , an Applications Programme Interface , which can be used as part of this integrated environment .
Neither the decoders ' operating systems nor the electronic program values are at present mutually compatible .
We are now seeing the second and third generation of equipment for digital television .
The work being done on creating that kind of open standard for home multi-media equipment is well advanced , and the European Telecommunications Standardisation Institute , ETSI , will hopefully adopt the MHP standard .
Digital TV is distributed in a number of different ways which are technically not quite the same .
With distribution by cable , there is an inbuilt return channel which provides direct access to interactive services on the network .
No one has yet been able to define under which conditions analogue broadcasts can cease .
On the other hand , we ought not to make such demands as would impede the development of the very interactive services in question .
The TV companies ' copyright organisations ought to make the most of new opportunities to give those who want to watch digital programmes the right also to do so beyond the borders of the broadcasting country .
On behalf of the Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party , I want to point out that we support the original report .
There is therefore also good reason for noting that , since we last met , important solutions for Europe have been produced at the World Radio Conference in Istanbul .
That is not being technology-neutral .
What is more , we have a very great variety of solutions in different Member States .
Industrial restructuring is necessary , but developments in Europe in recent years have revealed a number of examples of restructuring ' s having been carried out badly by companies , for example Michelin , ABB , Rover etc .
I wonder in what way the Commission is going to make use of the proposals made in the Gyllenhammar report a couple of years ago .
How , very precisely , are you going to make use of these in the dialogue with employers and employees ?
The problem with this issue is