Kosovo , we should remind ourselves of the power of the European perspective .
While the European Union pursues its own institutional reform , we need to keep on working in parallel on a carefully managed and gradual accession process in the Western Balkans that strengthens both the institutions and civil society there .
The accession negotiations with Croatia have , until recently , been going well .
There is still plenty of work to do , and many reforms need to be stepped up by Croatia .
Since January , working closely with the Czech Presidency and the trio of the Czech , French and Swedish Governments , I have taken the initiative to help facilitate a solution .
We had a full day of talks yesterday with the foreign ministers of Slovenia and Croatia , as well as of the trio countries .
Over the past months we have insisted on the importance of these elections for the country 's European future .
The country has responded positively to our message , thus confirming its willingness to move forward in its accession process .
It is indeed now time to step up efforts in order to meet the benchmarks which have been set for the opening of accession negotiations .
There have been positive developments in recent months as well , including the Prud Agreement , progress on the Brcko issue and steps towards a census in 2011 .
Recent steps towards the establishment of a state property inventory are also positive in this regard .
Nationalist rhetoric is still very present , creating unnecessary political tensions .
This needs to change if Bosnia and Herzegovina wants to continue its progress towards the European Union and avoid falling behind its neighbours .
It will be essential , however , as the country is increasingly feeling the negative effects of the global financial crisis , that key reform measures are not overlooked .
For instance , we are looking at our IPA programme , for which we are considering converting part of the 2009 national envelope into direct budgetary support , also with the support of the international financial institutions .
The Council has asked the Commission to use Community instruments to promote economic and political development and to propose measures to advance in that direction .
Finally , looking at 2009 overall and the Western Balkans region as a whole , there has been quite good progress in the area of visa liberalisation , which proves to my mind that , when the incentives are right , the countries respond with effective reforms .
This is most likely the single EU policy area that matters most to the ordinary people - the ordinary citizens - of the Western Balkans .
This could enable decisions by the Council to achieve visa-free travel for the most advanced countries by the end of 2009 .
I share the concern expressed in this discussion by Members such as Mrs Pack , Mr Swoboda and Mr Maaten regarding the political development of Bosnia and Herzegovina .
This is also true of Bosnia and Herzegovina ; in the case of the conditions that apply to them , there will be no shortcuts or bargain discounts , and if anyone assumes there will , he or she is wrong .
Firstly , our aim is to move away from the Dayton era to the Brussels era , that is , from the era of the international community 's High Representative to the European Union 's reinforced presence in Bosnia and Herzegovina .
That also probably means the 'two hat ' system in the case of the EU Special Representative and Head of the European Commission Representation , so that we can exploit the political and economic resources the European Union has in the best possible way .
This issue also has political importance , because it is too easy to blame the international community for Bosnia and Herzegovina 's problems , when people do not want to look in the mirror .
Secondly , the country needs to reform its constitution , in order for it to be able to build a viable system of government .
Thirdly and lastly , visa waiver is a crucial part of Bosnia and Herzegovina 's future in Europe , and I am sure that , thus equipped , the country will be able to enter the European mainstream , which will surely be in the interests of the country itself , its citizens , and the European Union too .
For the European Union , the NPT is based on three mutually reinforcing pillars : non-proliferation , disarmament and the peaceful use of nuclear energy .
Ms Beer 's report on nuclear non-proliferation gives me a welcome opportunity to describe the Community 's responsibilities and activities under these three pillars .
The Commission is currently developing an action plan on how best to address chemical , biological , radiological and nuclear terrorism threats .
The Commission action on non-proliferation and disarmament does not stop at the frontiers of the Union .
The logic of coherent programmes is very much in line with the G8 Global Partnership goals that were defined in 2002 , where the Commission committed EUR 1 billion for the 10-year period 2002-2013 .
In conclusion , the Commission is working quite hard in supporting all three pillars of the Non-Proliferation Treaty , and , indeed , both the time and the international climate are ripe for change in the way we handle nuclear issues .
The Commission stands ready to work with others and seize the great opportunities before us and to strive to create a safer and more secure world also in this regard .
This is indeed a subject of great significance .
I look forward to continued cooperation with Parliament in taking these objectives further and I count on our cooperation in the future