The peace process needs to be firmly supported as soon as possible .
That being so , these elections cannot be described as free in the true sense of the word , even though our colleagues have reported from Cambodia that the ballot itself seems largely to have been conducted in a correct manner .
The possibility of also using collective contracts or agreements between the social partners to transpose the directive should be seen in a fundamentally positive light .
Is the Europe of the twenty-first century to remain a Europe of solidarity , not only within the framework of the European Union itself , but also through cooperative partnership , for example with the states that will not only be joining the European Union , but are , moreover , still European , but not yet Members ?
We , too , are opposed to the lifting of immunity .
You were right to speak about the liberalisation of the markets , of the markets in transport , energy , and , I would like to add , postal and financial services .
What , ladies and gentlemen , has been our reaction so far to this discussion ?
I will tell you why .
What has to be on the agenda in Barcelona ?
They should be helped to set up and to become innovative .
Fourthly , additional adverse consequences for the economic situation , such as the rapporteur fears , might be brought about by increased expenditure on the armed forces and on internal security , can be drastically minimised by a sensible policy of development , which would focus on removing such causes of terrorism as poverty , oppression , exploitation and cultural intolerance .
Mr President , in no way has the human rights situation in Turkey improved over the past year .
How are the thousand refugees meant to survive ?
I ask you , Mrs Schreyer , is this the trust and cooperation which you and your colleague Mr Kinnock never tire of demanding from this House ?
However , I naturally endorse the criticism voiced by Mrs Stauner : we have the impression - and this is reflected in the relevant paragraph of the Blak report - that the Commission is still playing its childish game of hide and seek with the European Parliament .
The rule which has now been adopted in line with the proposed resolution is this : certain criteria must always be upheld , and above all , once a specific sum of debt write-off is involved , the Commission must make the decision as a collegiate body so that it is quite clear that a political responsibility is being assumed .
As soon as recommendations are made to the Commission , the Commission will examine them and if new procedures are to be introduced , it will , of course , do so .
I would like to conclude by thanking the rapporteur once again for his collaboration .
A satisfactory solution has yet to be found in this respect .
It made no reference at all to Parliament !
This is very bizarre .
The estimate thus stands at EUR 4 million , and a consensus has been achieved very quickly on how these EUR 4 million are to be provided : EUR 400 000 from the Council , EUR 1 million from Parliament , and EUR 2.6 million from the Commission .
What is especially alarming , as far as south-east Europe is concerned , is that Russia suspects that al-Qaeda fighters may have taken refuge in Georgia and has announced that it will expand its action throughout Georgia .
At present , promoting social and economic development in these states is undoubtedly the imperative .
But , to be honest , it is not enough .
Fourthly , I also call on the Commission to adopt the premise : the smaller the sum , the less red tape .
We will need to work with these executive agencies as well as we have worked , thankfully , with the national agencies .
Because what is important to us is the outcome of these programmes .
Socrates helps , it airs political questions and brings them to the public 's attention , but does not absolve the Member States of responsibility .
I hope it does not and we shall fight to see that it does not .
One is the material direction we want to take in the future , the questions we are asking now .
Madam President , hand on heart , fellow members of the European institutions : do you really believe that European competition law , specifications for the height of tractor seats or directives liberalising the electricity market make hearts leap at the thought of European integration ?
Mainstream culture has a much easier time of it .
The rapporteur is right to highlight the explicit recognition of culture as an economic factor and also as a factor in social integration and citizenship .
We had to take note of the fact that the programmes ' low level of implementation during 2000 was attributable to lengthy and cumbersome internal procedures .
Short-term voluntary service , which was created especially for disadvantaged young people , has , however , not yet been made use of to a satisfactory extent , and the objective set of 20 % of these resources was not attained .
Mr President , at the weekend I was disastrously misquoted in a German newspaper .
Hence the request by the Committee on Budgets - and I know that Mr Andreasen and the Committee on Culture , Youth , Education , the Media and Sport will not let us down - that it is together that we should press on with this change in strategy that we began together many years ago , so that the European Union 's information policy may do what it claims to do and satisfy the public demand for