especially against political risks .
For example , it is important that the Bank should work with clear , assessable objectives so that we might in actual fact ensure that the resources are used efficiently .
All EU institutions , like the EIB , must now subject themselves to more stringent monitoring and supervision .
That is why we are now demanding increased openness .
The Helsinki Summit is , in that respect , a test for Europe ' s present leadership .
We must have a European Union with the power to take decisions .
Mr President , Madam President-in-Office of the Council , Commissioner , we in the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party have a mainly positive attitude to the present report on human rights .
I want to take up a number of questions , however .
However , we ourselves are not always as good at putting our own house in order .
The European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party also welcomes the strategic perspective offered by the report , together with the ambition it expresses to work for a more integrated policy within the field of human rights .
The problem is that our policy is not always consistent and integrated , and this sends out some odd signals .
These ought not to be seen in terms of some incidental ad hoc initiative but must be founded upon a well thought-out , consistent , clear and open policy .
The failure to bring about a worldwide moratorium on the use of the death penalty is both tragic and deeply embarrassing .
What has happened to these colleagues of ours ?
One contributory and forward-looking feature of this report is the fact that it acknowledges the role not only of political decisions but also of civil society in creating an environment where human rights have the profound and enduring support of the people .
At the same time , they express the Christian view of human life which , for two thousand years , has formed a precious part of Europe ' s cultural and spiritual heritage and which , as we confront the new millennium , is a valuable asset for Europe to further build upon in the struggle for human rights .
The present report illuminates the frightening developments affecting the smallest among us , who are also those most precious to us , representing our own future , namely our children .
Mr President , these two reports which the Group of the Party of European Socialists supports - and we should like to thank Mr Morillon for the work he has put into them - is an important contribution to Turkey ' s rapprochement with Europe .
It is , however , important that we point this out at the present time .
Almost all of these people are in favour of Turkey being regarded as an candidate country .
For Turkey , this now means that matters have become serious .
As Mrs Schleicher said , Mrs Flemming has stated that she could accept the common position without any further changes .
We can also support a number of further Amendments in principle : Amendment No 2 and Amendment No 4 , part 2 , together with Amendment No 9 , even if we consider that they need to be reformulated .
This applies therefore to vehicles in category M1.
It is the Commission ' s intention to take account of these factors and to reformulate the proposed text in the following way : " The Commission is to investigate the possibility of submitting appropriate proposals concerning harmonised procedures for measuring the specific carbon dioxide emissions from vehicles in category M1 in accordance with Annex No 3 to Directive 70/156 ."
When it comes to Amendment No 4 , part 2 concerning other parts of the strategy in respect of carbon dioxide and vehicles , we consider that the first part of that Amendment is almost entirely covered by justification 6 in the common position .
In the second part of the proposed justification , reference is made to the second and third pillars in the strategy concerning carbon dioxide and private cars and , specifically , to consumer information and the employment of tax measures .
In view of the fact that the Commission is already in the process of investigating the possibility of a frame of reference , the proposed justification ought to reflect this situation in a correct manner .
An analysis of this kind is important for discovering whether manufacturers are in fact carrying out the tasks to which they have committed themselves within the framework of the environmental agreement .
The Commission will therefore probably not act upon the first assessment until the time limits for the partial and final objectives have expired .
We have difficulty in accepting the remaining Amendments , that is to say Amendment No 1 , Amendment No 3 , part 2 , Amendment No 4 , part 1 and Amendments Nos 5 , 6 and 8 which neither improve nor clarify the text .
As I have already explained before the plenary sitting on 3 November , I do not intend to present any new proposals for environmental agreements as long as the European Parliament ' s role remains undecided .
This would be to send out the wrong message to industry .
If plenary considers it necessary to submit more Amendments , the Commission is , in certain cases , prepared to support them , either in full or in principle .
The Convention was developed further after 1992 following the extensive political transformations which had occurred at that time .
The Baltic is an inland sea with very significant environmental problems .
What is more , there are major problems involving low oxygen content in large parts of the Baltic .
This creates a special environment , and it also creates quite a few problems for marine life .
