, in the name of convergence , only serves to darken the context in which we are going to vote on television without frontiers , the only point of light within our reach , within our power .
Can we put it any more clearly ?
This would involve the implementation of a genuine quota system which should be both coherent and uniform .
This would all be unnecessary if the United States were to respect the rules for normal competition , which they do not do .
The question which poses itself , which is asked of us , is a question of the life or death of our living culture and this power is in our hands .
An article published in the Dutch national daily paper Volkskrant , on Saturday 9 November 1996 , reproduces an interview with Mrs d'Ancona , of the Socialist Group , in which it is written , I quote ' Mrs Van Bladel has now moved her seat to the other side of Parliament , where Mr Le Pen 's group also sits .
Personally , I would like to go back to two points .
The Television without Frontiers directive should be considered in a global context , defined in total coherence with other instruments of the Union , most notably the Media II Programme .
All too often , funds and aid are experienced as a kind of Community jackpot which causes intolerable relocations with no sustainable benefit for anyone .
Paragraph 1 states that anyone who is Vice-President , and therefore who fulfills the mandate of Vice-President and has been elected by the House in its entirety , should have been nominated by a political group or by 29 Members .
That is possible .
So what else can we do ?
The result is that the workers ' jobs have become more secure , whilst the companies have remained competitive , although wage levels are substantially higher than in India or elsewhere .
They will not go somewhere where they have to deal with such regulations .
Anyone who knows how dull Sundays are , and that a warm bread roll for breakfast is perhaps some people 's only pleasure on that day , will shake their head and wonder where these people live who prohibited bakers , or other people who can bake , from producing something for which there was a public demand .
Ultimately , however , that was not the decisive factor .
I want us to live in a world in which we really do something to bring down this high level of unemployment at long last , because the improvement in the economic situation over the next few years will not be enough , unless we summon up the strength to throw off the chains we have forged for ourselves : too much regulation ; the obstruction of investment ; and , in particular , the complication of the lives of small and medium-sized enterprises .
Perhaps I should first give some information relating to the disease and its treatment and then to the Commission 's direct action .
It can be expected , in the near future at any rate , that this effort towards prevention , for budgetary reasons , will still be relatively limited .
In a notice intended for visitors to Caen 's art gallery , you can read today : ' In 1801 , Caen received a second delivery of paintings , which had been selected - lovely euphemism - by Napoleon during his campaigns ' .
It must really be a European health observatory , with responsibility for picking up new dangers and new threats of danger when they appear , and capable of sending out alerts in good time .
It is naturally appropriate that we should work with the World Health Organisation , and in particular with its associate centres which , in Europe , are particularly active , and I think with respect to this that avoiding doubling up will also be a concern .
You say , ' early warning ' , but no European authority gave us an alert , and certainly not those clowns on the Standing Veterinary Committee , an example of whom we had at the committee of inquiry in the form of a Danish lady who irritated even the most pro-European .
After all , what do we find in those WTO agreements other what has just been said today ?
Obviously , nothing is going to be said about Pakistan or India , about the economic exploitation of children , and nothing is going to be said about exchange rate fluctuations .
By whom ?
I thank Mrs Bonino for having listened to the voice of Europe .
I therefore suggest that the words 'to return home ' should be replaced by the words 'wishing to return home to do so ' .
So it is hard to see whether Parliament is opposing this agency because it would not be democratic enough or , conversely , because it would be too democratic .
Every day , the approach adopted by the Commission , citing this article , is depriving these services of their substance .
In November , we were in favour of everincreasing competition .
Abolishing controls at the internal frontiers to satisfy the adherence of the federalist doctrine will impose substantial burdens on the various Member States , and therefore on their economies : the burdens of clandestine immigration , an increase in smuggling and greater insecurity .
We agreed to reductions in customs tariffs without being sufficiently sure that we were introducing a balanced system .
Look at the difficulties the countries of Europe are now experiencing in maintaining welfare levels !
In stressing , first and foremost , the security of the Israeli population , did Mr Netanyahu really change the whole basis of the problem ?
