In this respect , this exercise is politically positive , because Parliament has had to fight hard to gain its competences , like all parliaments .
Mr President , we have finally achieved a text , whose declaration you have read today and which , in the judgment of the Group of the European People ' s Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats , fully satisfies - and I say this emphatically - our expectations : we are going to be treated on an equal basis with the Council , our rights of codecision and the transparency requirements we demanded are going to be guaranteed and there is a formal commitment from the European Commission that , in the next reform of the Treaties , which the Convention is going to analyse , there should be a modification of Article 202 .
The history of the tempestuous relations between Parliament , the Council and the Commission have been well described and if , as Lenin said , only fools discuss the facts , I do not want to fall into that temptation and I will say no more on this point .
Parliament has the powers to try to go into the maximum detail within level 1 , which would delay the process .
Firstly , once we have freed up the process by means of the agreement that today ' s debate represents , what we have to do is get to work .
I also agree with the rapporteur on his modifications to the Commission ' s basic proposals .
Congratulations , Mr Katiforis .
Mr President , I have said this in private , but please allow me to repeat it publicly .
Should we be pessimistic then ?
Too many moments when something could have been done and it was not .
I also met with General Zinni , the representative of the United States there .
First of all violence broke out amongst Palestinians in one of the settlements , later Israeli forces murdered an important member of one of the Al Fatah groups and later there was the incident involving the vessel , the Karim A. I would like to talk about both things very briefly .
Ladies and gentlemen , the relationship between the Palestinian Authority and Iran has been practically non-existent for many years .
It assigned clear responsibilities to the two parties and I believe it is one of the best declarations made by the European Union .
I believe that these visits have some consequences .
We must continue to condemn terrorist attacks , but we must also be capable of giving the conflict a political perspective .
That was the spirit of the Mitchell report .
Because , ladies and gentlemen , I do not know how many of you have been there recently , but the situation , from the citizens ' point of view , is truly horrendous .
At the weekend , as you know , the Foreign Affairs Ministers will meet at Gymnich to deal almost exclusively with the issue of the Middle East .
I must also tell you , very frankly , that Prime Minister Sharon told me that for him that was not the perfect solution but that he was going to let the Foreign Affairs Minister continue with the negotiation .
He said more or less as follows : " I will never be in a government which does not have the objective of two States : Palestine and Israel .
However , ladies and gentlemen , neither the European Union nor anybody has a miraculous solution .
Commissioner Patten will have more information to offer you , because it is he who has represented the European Union at the Tokyo meeting in a most dignified manner .
Firstly , Pakistan .
We are doing so and we are going to continue to do so , in order to try to ensure that this process , which will begin in June , and which was launched at the Bonn meeting , yields results .
At this moment , NATO military forces , led by Germany , are still there .
What is happening now , at the beginning of February , is that they have not yet been able to reach agreement , and remember that the elections took place in November .
We have managed it and we are continuing to work , to negotiate and to facilitate those talks as the European Union .
The European Union has great responsibilities and we must continue to work in that direction .
I think there have been five in the last ten days .
And the fifth is that we cannot stand on the sidelines ; on the contrary , the European Union must maintain its political pressure and its permanent presence in the region .
We are clearly facing a frustrating , cruel and , if I may say so , surreal , situation .
It is true that , in the event of a resolution , they could go to tribunals , but I believe that , in the majority of EU countries - at least , Commissioner , in yours and in mine - the indefinite extension of cases would lead to the bankruptcy of distributors .
Are you not rather afraid that , with this policy of opening up competition , the large-scale distributors may benefit to the detriment of the small dealerships ?
Nevertheless , I would like to insist that the measures he says are going to be adopted , above all in relation to the simplification of the regulations , be genuinely implemented and applied as quickly as possible .
Firstly , will women manage some of this economic aid ?
The proposal deals with two very important matters .
This is the first observation that I would like to make with regard to this report .
I would also like to congratulate Mrs Kauppi on her report , which has managed