to ensure equal treatment for self-employed men and women .
Industry will benefit from the reduced time between the submission of an application and the ability to place the product on the market , meaning savings in administrative costs and the possibility that it will reach the market earlier , increasing sales profits .
The harmonisation and simplification of standards relating to textile names meet this objective , since they clarify the information provided to the consumer and so contribute to making the sector more competitive .
We voted for this report because of its main thrust , which advocates marks of origin and is concerned with defending the rights of consumers , the workers and the production of our countries ' textile and clothing industries .
The new rules adopted will contribute to greater transparency in international trade and to making things clearer for consumers .
I was pleased to vote for Parliament 's proposal providing macro-financial assistance to Ukraine .
The recent news of violence between Members of the Ukrainian Parliament has been of concern to the whole of Europe , and clearly reflected the divisions in Ukrainian society , the crossroads at which the country finds itself today and the inescapable role of Russia in the region .
EU financial support reflects Ukraine 's strategic importance as a potential candidate country for joining the Union .
Amongst other things , making this assistance conditional on the International Monetary Fund 's requirements and the 'key principles and objectives of economic reform set out in the EU-Ukraine Association Agenda ' means the following : the establishment of a comprehensive free-trade area between the EU and Ukraine ; obedience to the objectives of the EU 's Common Foreign and Security Policy ; closer cooperation through military channels in order to tackle matters of common interest ; the possible participation of Ukraine in the EU 's Atalanta naval operation ; the establishment in Ukraine of a complete and fully operational market economy and the principles of macro-economic stability established by the EU ; and the exchange of 'best practices ' between the EU and Ukraine on reforming the welfare state , with the goal of making Ukraine 's pensions system more sustainable .
The financial imbalances relate to budgets and the balance of payments .
In particular , I would stress the specific nature of the regions of the Azores and Madeira , and I welcome the main measures adopted .
At a time of economic crisis , this is a decisive contribution to restructuring and maintaining , not only many dozens of jobs in the Azores , but also activity in the region 's sugar industry .
The proposed amendments are in line with this principle of solidarity , so I support them .
As far as Madeira is concerned , the process of reconverting vines is significantly behind schedule and could even be compromised if the incentives are not strengthened .
We are voting in favour of these measures because of all these constraints and the international crisis that is devastating us .
I was also concerned with safeguarding the incomes of Madeiran and Azorean producers of wine from hybrid varieties banned by the common organisation of the market in wine , enabling them to continue growing these varieties for consumption by their families , which means that they are not forced to grub them up .
As a result , Parliament 's budget will reflect real needs and will increase transparency , budgetary discipline and efficiency .
The entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon has meant that the European Parliament 's powers have increased , which naturally means new funds to meet the increased needs .
In general , I voted in favour of the efforts to simplify the common agricultural policy ( CAP ) .
This system must include the possibility of self-certification , the reduction of inspection quotas to limits lower than those currently in place , and the issue of the traceability of meat from sheep and goats ; I am referring specifically to the proposal for herd identification for livestock .
I would therefore acknowledge how right the rapporteur is in saying that 'a new CAP should allow farmers to concentrate on the core objective of providing safe , quality and traceable food while also supporting them to deliver non-market public goods ' .
It is to be hoped that the target of a 25 % reduction in the administrative burden will be reached ahead of 2012 .
This report has positive aspects , of which we would stress the following : the simplification of the common agricultural policy ( CAP ) must not mean less aid for framers and the dismantling of traditional instruments for managing markets ; the need to amend the fines , not least when they relate to offences that are not the producer 's responsibility ; the simplification of the application process ; and very positive amendments regarding animal identification , particularly of sheep and goats .
It is essential to simplify the common agricultural policy if the goal of a 25 % reduction in the agricultural sector 's administrative burden is to be achieved by 2010 .
The simplification measures are therefore recognised as necessary and urgent by everyone .
It seems essential to me for the Commission to seek to eliminate unnecessary bureaucratic obstacles at the same time as proposing new regulations in this area .
I voted for this report in the Chamber today because it attempts to tackle these issues .
Simplifying the procedures will also facilitate small and medium-sized enterprises ' access to such contracts and their participation on a more equal and fairer footing .
I am forced to say once again that a complex law is not the one that best serves the interests of the parties ; quite the opposite in the case of public procurement .
