than we do now .
The dawdling probably caused the situation to escalate .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , I too congratulate Mr Schmitt on his appointment as Speaker of the Hungarian Parliament .
Clearly , European universities must be developed continuously for us to be able to respond to new social challenges and ever-increasing international competition .
High levels of skills and expertise and the knowledgebased economy are , and must be , the foundation of European society now and in the future .
In Finland , we have an excellent example of cooperation between business and universities , the Aalto University , named after the famous Finnish architect , Alvar Aalto .
The interdisciplinary approach , especially the new platforms - design , media and surface factor - allow academic teams to carry out research and students to work closely with companies and organisations .
It is crucially important that we adhere to the principle of the independence of universities and the tradition of free research in all circumstances .
Ultimately , the danger is the privatisation of the university sector , but is this the direction we in Europe want to go in ?
Making universities dependent on private funding is worrying , because it allows the transfer of power from the university community to those providing the finance .
The Commission had been saying for some time that the units in question were eligible for financial improvements .
Bulgaria had become a net exporter of electricity to all its neighbouring countries and sometimes accounted for 100 % of the region 's electricity deficit .
In it , the European Parliament asked the Council to view the closure dates more flexibly until new generation could be built that would not increase emissions , which would not be before 2011 .
The answer was no , however , and instead , the EU showed its solidarity with Bulgaria in the form of considerable sums in financial assistance .
In all honesty , though , we have to ask whether this massive financial investment could have been avoided if the Commission and the Council had reconsidered its inflexible and questionable conditions .
Shahbaz Bhatti , the first minister for minority affairs in Pakistan 's history , has this past week been a guest of the Group of the European People 's Party ( Christian Democrats ) .
The most inspiring project is the grassroots Interfaith Harmony committees , if they succeed in alleviating tensions between different groups in the country and thus prevent the recruitment of terrorists .
If success is achieved in this , it will be worthy of a peace prize .
I would like to say to Mr Tannock that this is , at the same time , the very education system that he called for .
This is precisely why we are seeking to establish minimum procedural standards to enable us to have confidence in other Member States where the extradition of someone suspected or accused of a crime , for example , is concerned .
I would also thank the rapporteur for taking the trouble to find solutions to help us surmount certain problems that various Member States have owing to different judicial cultures .
Member of the Commission . - Madam President , first of all I would like to thank Mr Edward Scicluna for his very balanced and substantive report on Estonia 's convergence and entry into the euro area .
It is indeed crucial in bringing the Commission proposal further and eventually introducing the Euro in Estonia on 1 January next year .
We all know that the convergence assessment and the decision on Estonia 's adoption of the euro will take place against the background of one of the most difficult times for the euro area - if not the most difficult time - since its creation .
It also underscores that , in the convergence assessment , Member States are examined on the basis of their own performance , on their own merits and with full respect to the principle of equal treatment .
While the average in the European Union is currently around 75 % public debt , Estonia has a debt level of 7.2 % , which is of course a huge difference from the average .
Of course , euro adoption will not be the end of the road ; quite the contrary .
In parallel , there is a pressing need to strengthen economic governance in Europe .
The Commission 's recent proposals aim at both substantial deepening of economic governance in Europe and prudent widening of the euro area on the basis of the countries ' own merits .
To conclude , after this week 's consultation with the European Parliament , the issue will be followed by a discussion in the European Council later this week .
Member of the Commission . - Madam President , I would like to thank the Honourable Members for their support .
In fact , to give the European Parliament more time , Eurostat agreed to advance the validation of the fiscal data .
So it is indeed an overall Europe-wide process and that imposes some limitations on the Commission 's work in this regard .
In any case , I appreciate your pragmatism and I might say that I met members of the ECON Committee on 13 April to have an informal advance dialogue on the convergence prospects for Estonia .
It is clear that Estonia must stay vigilant to ensure the stability of its public finances and macroeconomic development , and the Commission will certainly monitor this very vigilantly .
We need to work together in order to ensure the sustainability of public finances and thus sustainable growth and job creation in Europe .
He said to me that he spent five years on the front to defend his country looking to the East , but since then he had always looked to the West .
