and , over time , there will anyway be a loss in effectiveness .
The constant risk is that peripheral companies will be created , whose very position will enable them to circumvent the regulatory structure .
Other regulatory measures are needed .
International research has frequently highlighted how easy it is to overestimate inflation by not taking account of improvements in the quality of products .
The agrimonetary problem facing these countries is that prices are set in one currency and have to be converted into another .
My preference is for all payments to be made in euros .
It follows that people should receive less of it - or more , if there is depreciation .
That would however be offset by the fact that EU revenue - which is based after all on national currencies - would fluctuate in exactly the same way .
Over recent years we have seen various ways in which the Commission 's way of operating has proved conducive to fraud .
This is simply not acceptable .
Mr Jacques Santer once announced eloquently ' We need openness and transparency . '
We are dealing here with taxpayers ' money .
Finally , I wish to make it clear that I am not calling for the new body called OLAF to be given the status of a judicial authority .
Mr President , let me begin by thanking the rapporteur , Mr Watts , for this report .
As a result of the implementation of a whole series of proposals , safety has improved as the years have gone by .
Much of what still needs to be done can only happen if there is broad international cooperation .
'It must never happen again . '
Mr President , this directive is indeed an important link in our strategy to increase marine safety .
Although this will entail higher costs for maritime transport , I still support the proposal .
It is good to see that countries other than traditional maritime nations like the United Kingdom , Ireland and Finland are now supporting this proposal .
I am fully behind Amendment No 3 , which calls for the provisions to apply to traffic to and from the same port .
The question of cost allocation should be dealt with by the Member States themselves .
There are those who say that the enterprise will cost a great deal of money .
Increased growth and new job opportunities can be expected , not only in the candidate countries , but within the whole area of what I hope will one day become a much larger European Union .
Mr President , in Kosovo we have seen torture , burnt-out villages and violence against men , women and children - and a great deal of it .
That would soften up Kosovo , rendering it more pliable over the question of continued union with Serbia .
His actions to date could well have helped bring about what has happened in Kosovo .
That time came a long time ago , in my opinion .
Per capita GNP is now higher than in some EU countries .
Be that as it may , few would dispute that China has - so far at least - broadly respected the agreement it entered into regarding Hong Kong .
Economic freedoms ultimately form the basis for freedom in the wider sense and the system guaranteeing those freedoms has remained intact .
This Parliament and the European Union as a whole must keep a watchful eye on developments .
Let us use our influence to maintain it as a home for freedom in the future .
This confirms the impression I received when the China delegation visited Hong Kong in June this year .
The ILO is currently looking at trade union rights , which for me are of vital importance .
The EU must not start pushing reform in a way that will trigger mass unemployment in China .
Illegal immigration is effectively being encouraged and we see hundreds of deaths every year as a result of illegal attempts to cross the borders .
Relations between the various Central and Eastern European countries could well become disrupted if they were forced to close their borders .
Asylum seekers have no right to see the information recorded and cannot therefore verify whether it is correct .
The article describes in detail the methods cited by previous speakers for changing women 's identities , dyeing their hair and branding them with tattoos once they have been recruited .
I am also keen to hear whether the Council and the Austrian Presidency support action to rehabilitate young girls .
Bulgaria , for example , has introduced a programme called La Strada .
I too am sorry that the Council cannot provide more information , especially since the newspapers have been reporting over the past week that the Member States have sent in their replies to the Council working group .
Why the delay ?
Our current self-service society might then shift towards a proper service society .
We all know how sensitive people are to being told by the EU what tax policies they should adopt .
Has the presidency any plans to come forward with specific proposals before the end of the year ?
We are confronted with a classic dilemma where the EU and health policy are concerned .
At the same time , with a programme like this , we arouse expectations as regards active measures on the part of the EU to deal with pollutants and diseases related to them .
As regards the programme we are now debating , we can choose between either letting it die of its own accord , which one might easily think is the likely outcome when one reads the Commission 's budgetary proposals , or strengthening it so that at least it meets the expectations it awakens