It works by everyone cooperating with everyone else , and that may be difficult for outsiders to understand .
There is huge support for what is the top priority of the Danish Presidency .
The purpose of the meeting was to strengthen international support for reinforced efforts to combat hunger and poverty with a view to achieving the aim of halving the number of the world 's starving by the year 2015 .
This aim was confirmed in connection with the UN 's Millennium Summit in September 2000 and now forms a basic element of the international development aims to which the global community has committed itself .
The EU places great emphasis on these aims from the Millennium Summit as a starting point for national and international strategies to combat poverty .
The average fall in the number of the starving today is just six million , despite the fact that there is a need for renewed and strengthened efforts if we are to achieve the annual average fall of 22 million in the number of starving people that is required for us to achieve our objective .
Under this heading , the international community commits itself to strengthening and coordinating its efforts to combat hunger .
At the same time , the EU sought to ensure that the results of the most important international conferences and summits of recent times - including , especially , the UN Millennium Summit in 2000 and the International Conference on Financing for Development held in Monterrey in March 2002 - were taken further and that links were made with the forthcoming World Summit on Sustainable Development in Johannesburg , where the issue of combating hunger and poverty will be dealt with as an integral part of the overall international development policy agenda .
It was also crucial for the EU to secure recognition of the fact that efforts to combat poverty and hunger should take place within the frameworks of the developing countries ' own priorities and strategies for combating poverty .
The level of global food production today is already sufficient to feed everyone .
Hunger is a problem relating to poverty .
Consequently , broadly-based poverty-oriented economic growth and an improved economic distribution policy that benefits the poorest population groups are crucial for a sustainable solution to the world 's problems involving hunger .
Efforts to combat hunger must therefore also include objectives for , among other things , good governance , respect for human rights , land reforms and an increased focus on health , education and production-oriented research and communication .
Finally , the developing countries ' access to research and technology is an essential element in the fight against hunger and poverty .
In the international sphere , the EU considered it important to emphasise the necessity of increasing total aid to the level of the internationally approved objective , which is to spend 0.7 % of GDP on development aid .
The poor countries ' access to the markets in the West is naturally an essential element in efforts to promote those countries ' development .
In the negotiations , the EU also emphasised the importance of safe food for consumers in every country .
For the EU , it was important that the discussion of trade and development did not prejudice the WTO negotiations and the follow-up of the Doha development agenda .
The EU considers it important to achieve sustainable results on all fronts , which includes substantially greater opportunities for market access , including for the developing countries .
This is to be based on balanced rules and targeted , sustainably-funded technical assistance and programmes designed to build up capacity .
The Summit declaration largely reflects the EU 's priorities and attitude , which I have just outlined .
The declaration launches a new initiative on the right to food .
The developing countries hope that such guidelines will give added weight both to the requirement to secure the poor countries ' access to food and , thus , to the combating of hunger .
In the circumstances , we can be satisfied with the overall outcome of the summit .
The balanced result is due not least to active input into the negotiations on the part of the EU.
The then President-in-Office , Prime Minister Aznar , represented the EU at the Summit .
Thanks to this input , the EU managed to create a constructive climate for negotiations and effective cooperation with the developing countries , with which we reached agreement on a wide number of matters , as is now reflected in the declaration .
At the same time , the EU was closely involved in the latest crucial negotiations concerning the most controversial issues .
Overall , the EU thus played a not insignificant role with regard to securing progress in the negotiations and a sensible result .
The EU and the Member States provide over 50 % of total global development aid , a large part of which is spent on the development of rural areas and on the agricultural sector in the poorest countries .
A number of Member States , including my own country , Denmark , have already far exceeded the international objective of spending 0.7 % of GDP on development aid .
Those Member States that have yet to achieve this target have undertaken , as a minimum , to increase their development aid to the current EU average of 0.33 % of GDP so that an overall EU average of 0.39 % can be achieved by 2006 .
This is largely the same number as when the first food summit was held in 1996 , so let us tell it how it is : the efforts to combat hunger in the world have failed .
The problems of hunger in the world are largely due to hypocritical policy implemented by the EU and others .
The policy ,