funds disbursed in order to restore affected areas must be used on the basis of rational reforestation measures and scientific studies and we would emphasise that they must be refunded by the Member States where it is ascertained that the forest areas affected have been reclassified for residential or tourist development .
Within this framework , we are tabling a resolution today before the European Parliament , in the hope that we shall make headway , in terms of joint action and cooperation by the Member States , towards real prevention and management of natural disasters and more effective use of European Union funds for this purpose .
I would remind the House that Athens is the European capital with the smallest ratio of green spaces to inhabitants and with the highest atmospheric pollution , and that the fires in 2007 and 2009 have exacerbated the environmental problem .
This being so , Commissioner , I should like to ask you if the European Commission intends to contribute towards the institutional safeguarding of the forests in the country by immediately mobilising the procedure for drafting and ratifying forest maps which , had they existed , might perhaps have prevented this arson ?
Thank you very much , and many happy returns to the Commissioner on his name day , as we say in Greece .
Madam President , Commissioner , I was very pleased to see you here and hear you speak .
Commissioner , it would appear that climate change results in fires and floods and is now a major structural phenomenon , because the fires and floods we are witnessing are a structural phenomenon .
I understand , Commissioner , that you are having problems from northern Europe as far as subsidiarity is concerned .
It worked well this summer .
I am delighted that they have moved this resolution .
Mr President , I should like to thank the honourable members of Parliament for their extremely constructive contributions to this evening 's debate and for the excellent ideas they have proposed .
This has also been confirmed by the fires this summer , which reminded us that the Community needs to improve not only its capacity to respond to natural disasters , but also its ability to prevent them , as numerous speakers emphasised this evening .
We believe that they will give us the political incentive , as will a resolution on this from the forthcoming conference , to proceed with the necessary work in this direction .
Funds will be directed to the works needed so that the countries which suffer the repercussions of climate change without having contributed to the greenhouse effect will be able to deal with those repercussions .
The Community mechanism for rural development and the European Regional Development Fund offer the facility to support national prevention measures .
As far as mobilisation of the Community Mechanism for Civil Protection is concerned , I can tell you that mobilisation is immediate , in real time .
We received a great deal of praise for the action taken through the Community Mechanism for Civil Protection and this confirms both the work achieved over recent years and the potential which it has , provided that it has the remit and the resources - especially the financial resources - to be able to extend its work for the benefit of the European Union , citizens , environmental protection and the property of European citizens .
Moreover , there is also the clause in the European Solidarity Fund that works must be carried out within one year of disbursement .
Finally , I should like to point out that , while the risk of forest fires or other disasters , such as floods , earthquakes and even military intervention - because the Community Mechanism for Civil Protection has intervened for floods , earthquakes and forest fires and to move populations , such as after the conflict in Lebanon , and we have assisted here with great success - cannot be completely removed , it can nonetheless be reduced through our cooperation and a better collective response to such disasters .
The Commission undertakes to strengthen the Community contribution to prevention , readiness , response and restoration of disasters , in order to protect citizens and the environment .
The anti-working class policy of the EU does not depend on persons or on the President of the Commission ; it is determined above all by its very character as an imperialist union of capital .
Question Time ( Commission ) Mr President , the honourable member of Parliament has rightly highlighted the ongoing improvement in terms of the reduction in emissions of greenhouse gases , which is due in part to energy efficiency measures and the increased use of renewable sources of energy in the transport and housing sectors .
There is therefore a way and the money is there , apart from anything else , to reply to Mr Kelly 's question .
The Commission is already providing direct funding for various projects relating to energy efficiency and renewable sources of energy , such as : a series of research and development endeavours based on the research and technological development framework programme ; EUR 727 million for the period 2007-2013 under the programme entitled ' Intelligent Energy - Europe ' , to help remove obstacles to the development of renewable sources of energy , improve the business environment and raise public awareness ; over EUR 500 million for projects relating to offshore wind farms under the European economic recovery programme , to give impetus to private investment in this particular sector , and the initiative to finance sustainable energy , which is being managed jointly by the Commission and the European Investment Bank , has a budget of EUR 15 million for 2009 and is designed to mobilise funds from the capital markets and the Marguerite Fund , the European Fund for Energy , Climate Change and Infrastructure , which is being managed by the European Investment Bank