issuing a European arrest warrant , I notice that on the ground , few , if any , results are being achieved in the area of freedom , security and justice .
It is an ever more burning issue within the EU as a result of which integration policy , which has to be adopted , is being undermined .
All goals of the Non-Proliferation Treaty remain valid , even those of general disarmament .
What have the EU countries done so far in order to avoid practices of this kind ?
While Iraq was brought under control , the rest of the world changed into a kind of supermarket of private proliferation , a supermarket in which all countries and , possibly , even terrorists with nuclear ambitions , can seize their chances .
I therefore welcome the Council 's and Commission 's pledge to commit to the further , full implementation of the NPT and to work for ambitious results during the next Prepcom and the Review Conference in 2005 .     – Mr President-in-Office of the Council , Commissioner , when I listen to you both speaking on behalf of the Council and Commission , I should be reassured , but I am not , because we have been living , ever since Hiroshima , under the threat of an atomic war , and this threat is increasing rather than decreasing .
Over the course of five years , one and a half kilos of fission material has disappeared from Georgia .
Agricultural support is being distributed unevenly : 20 % of the farms receive 73 % of the direct support for 59 % of the acreage and only 25 % of the jobs .
The compromise contains a time-based points system , with quality points being awarded to each training course .
People are altogether disenchanted if they have to work abroad at lower wages and with no recognition for the qualifications they have gained .
The Working Time Directive of 1993 protects employees against working weeks in excess of 48 hours , daily rest times of less than 11 hours and holidays shorter than 4 weeks .
These are all minimum provisions and could easily be tightened up .
By a narrow majority , the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs has chosen in favour of an infringement procedure against the British Government and of abolishing the individual opt-out .
How do you explain – I am a member of the Palestine delegation – to a group of people in Qalqilya , which was once known as the West Bank’s fruit basket and which is located near a small loophole in the wall , that everything is being closed off on three sides ?
This only prejudices the pressing need for the resumption of the political dialogue between the parties involved .
He will thus once again foster goodwill in Washington and can quietly carry on with the annexation of the Palestinian territory , even though he thereby undermines the roadmap and makes his own plan the only viable one .
Mr Sharon is now trying to create a smoke screen to mislead the world and make people forget the Geneva peace initiative .
In this way , we are creating room in which the Agency’s power in the field of oil removal can be translated into practice , and making possible necessary investments in new equipment .
First of all , I welcome the fact that the Agency will have the wherewithal to fight pollution , at the request of a Member State , by means of special ships .
Some are used on a large scale , others to a lesser extent .
We are therefore delighted that the proposal is more market-oriented in the present report .
However , now that the proposals have been adapted by means of amendments in the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism , my greatest concerns have been lifted .
I am pleased that the rapporteur shares my concern in this matter , and that this is also being expressed in the text by means of an amendment .
The International Maritime Organisation has , however , decided to raise the limit of existing funds to 750 000 Special Drawing Rights and thus placed the limit virtually at EUR 1 billion , so this addressed the point that this House made in the Esclopé report .
There is a growing number of reports from NGOs stating that twelve aid workers were killed last year , for example .
We must avoid a situation where we fail to keep our promises again , where Afghanistan sinks into an opium economy , led by warlords , and – my greatest concern – where the hopes of many Afghans , particularly Afghan women , are dashed once again .
In the opinion of Jennings , that huge majority of ordinary Afghans living in areas not actively contested by Taliban remnants have it better today than at any time since 1978 .
We shall have to make do with that .
As you emphasise , the fight against opium cultivation is a very important aspect , but , in all the various measures forming part of the strategy to combat that opium cultivation , I have not actually heard what alternatives the producers have .
Autocratic regimes can only maintain their hold on power by means of repression and by restricting freedom .
We are ultimately aiming to induce the regimes to make fundamental changes in their behaviour that they would not have been inclined to make of their own accord .
This contradiction could hardly be more mistaken .
We must make it clear that further waves of immigration are in the interests of neither Maghreb countries nor Europe .
The favourable investment climate for foreign companies created by the Dutch government in the 1990s gives swindlers and tax evaders elbow-room .
