That is why a common immigration policy cannot be envisaged without an active integration policy .
I am delighted , in this regard , that we are finally discussing the creation of legal routes for immigration into Europe .
I share the report’s hostility to the setting up of detention centres and to sifting immigrants within the EU or outside its borders .
I also think that , with the elements and amendments introduced by Parliament , we now have guarantees regarding respect for human rights and the protection of personal data .
For distance sales , in contrast , it is the rule of the destination country that will continue to apply .
Via these polls , the people have expressed their worries , their aspirations and expectations , but also their disappointments .
Our institutions work , and will continue to work .
That is how , on the basis of the work of all the relevant configurations of the Council , the implementation of macroeconomic and microeconomic policies and employment policies can be based around 24 integrated guidelines .
We consider it to be essential for this summit to reach a balanced and ambitious result , which will make it possible to reform the UN in order to respond more effectively to the multidimensional threats and challenges identified in the report by the Secretary-General of the United Nations .
Let us say this clearly : either we have a budget that enables Europe to operate or we cannot promise anything for Europe .
It is quite simple , and it is the same for other countries .
Competition at any price , runaway loss of security , cynical and relentless power struggles , consensuses reached at summits , behind closed doors : it is no longer acceptable !
Finally , by opening a huge free citizens ’ debate , not a convention but a citizens ’ debate free from any pressure at EU level in order to assess the state of affairs in Europe today and determine what we need to change in order to produce a Europe in which the majority of Europeans can once again recognise themselves and get involved .
The European Constitution is still-born .
In 1954 it was because of fear of German rearmament .
The principle must be equally valid in either case .
Of course , we all know that internal political issues had a significant influence on the French and Dutch results .
The matter is urgent .     Mr President , at the time of our last session we commemorated the sixtieth anniversary of the end of the war .
It is actually a multiple ‘no’ , with mixed and sometimes conflicting motives .
This European Constitution was the favourite , but it lost the race .
For too many years now , no one speaks about Europe .
For me , that means , as a priority , persuading the Central Bank to lower its key interest rate , as this is essential for growth .
The first conclusion I would like to draw is that the democratic debate that has been started in Europe and that has opened up because of this sort of crisis , the importance of which should not now be exaggerated , must , at all events , continue .
I believe , Mr President , that when you go to the European Council you will be listened to because you have conducted a very useful debate .
I think I can say that there was also agreement in favour , too , of recognising the responsibility shared by all those involved and the need to work together in order to find a new consensus that will allow Europe to move forward .
Thirdly , as indicated in paragraphs five and six of this resolution , the text seeks to include the European Parliament when the European Union concludes international agreements , since these agreements are not even referred to the national parliaments .
The emphasis on budgetary restraint undermines the European commitment towards farmers .
It is difficult for the European Parliament to put forward a figure for the general budget that is below that proposed by the Commission .
As we have already discussed and emphasised , the European Union attaches very great importance to that reform .
We also attach particular importance to joint and collective action to combat AIDS .
Universal guarantee agreements and additional protocols should now be the norm in terms of nuclear verification .
I will ignore the vacuity of the project , reform of the UN : when I first had the honour of serving my country in the UN , in 1992 , the issue of UN reform was already under discussion .
If there is any abuse of power – that was indeed the word used – it is by taking the salary of a Member of the European Parliament and then biting the hand that feeds you , ignoring all the efforts we have been making for sixty years .
I would advise you not to waste too much time on it and to focus on what is reasonably possible , on what would generally make a difference and on aspects where our work , and in particular the Laschet report , can be constructive .
I think we shall also have to look at the substance of the activity of this Council and at the way it works : in that area , the reference that the European Parliament’s report makes to peer group assessment – namely assessment by other countries – which is a transparent , just and equitable appraisal system for all countries , helping to avoid the charge of double standards , appears an absolutely fundamental one .     – Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , Mr Kofi Annan stated that environmental damage , water shortages