19 March 1998 on 10 principles for an action plan proposed by the G8 to combat crime in the leading sectors of technology .
Mr President , Mr Pirker , you have indeed raised a very topical problem here , to which the Austrian Presidency is devoting great attention .
I do not have all the details in front of me right now , but these are primarily based on the best practice , as it is called , of the different countries .
However , we believe it is most important that resources are made available not just to the classic consumer organisations but also to the NGOs .
So he should also be able to decide for himself whether to sit an aptitude test or to attend an adaptation period .
I cite my own amendment as a bad example .
This could be termed conditional freedom of movement on paper .
I believe that looked at from that perspective we can see the true importance of the recognition directive .
Mr President , I wish to lodge a complaint regarding the fact that , for some time now , the night sittings - such as that on Tuesday - have not been covered in the press reports .
I would also like to thank the Commission for presenting this logical multiannual programme for the energy sector ; as we have already said , it creates greater transparency and ties together various other programmes .
At this point I would therefore like to propose that we concern ourselves not only with financial programmes but also with financial engineering .
It is not acceptable that only computer simulations should be used , as has recently been the trend .
Certainly some praiseworthy efforts can be seen , such as the announcement that the White Paper on renewable energies is to be implemented .
In my opinion , an energy chapter of this kind would also help us achieve what Mr van Velzen mentioned , an acquis communautaire in the sector with uniform standards and rules on how certain power stations - and here I do not mean only nuclear power stations - must be set up and what sort of security measures must be taken .
Even one of the larger Member States is now taking significant steps to begin this process .
It is necessary to extend the protection of conditional access electronic media services in such a way as to ensure appropriate remuneration but also to protect the economic value of the service from technical abuse .
The prerequisite for this has always been love of the unfamiliar , openness , respect for and even curiosity about the unfamiliar .
There are now calls for the European Union to support Slovakia so that it can fulfil the political criteria for accession .
We want a law on minority languages , as agreed , and I believe that Slovakia will need a different form of political culture than has hitherto been the case .
Mr Meciar really was a brutal potential dictator .
That is a different problem , but I believe it is the duty of this delegation to address the human rights situation during talks with the government and to do everything possible to ensure that Mrs Nasreen can move freely .
We call upon the Prime Minister , Mrs Hasina , to apply the human rights enshrined in the constitution and to protect Mrs Nasreen .
Madam President , in recent years Malaysia has enjoyed the benefits of being at the centre of the economic boom , and human rights violations have not been a central issue , any more so than the Internal Security Act , a law from the colonial period .
I would strongly urge that we should begin our protests once again , as they helped in the past .
I was co-opted into the Georgia Helsinki Group a long time ago , and as a result I receive information directly .
I believe that , particularly when a democratic society is being constructed , a democratic judiciary and humane conditions in prisons are a highly sensitive area .
I consider these measures to be necessary in the interests of the employees and in order to solve the problem of unemployment in the European Union .
As I have often said , a poorly informed citizen and in particular a poorly informed politician make poor judgements and poor decisions .
In a text which says that the statistical programme must take into account the priorities arising from Community policy , which include competitiveness , growth and employment , Mr Blokland wishes to replace the word 'growth ' with 'sustainable and environmentally friendly development ' .
We must not lose sight of what is feasible using statistics and of the burdens associated with them .
Would you please investigate this ?
That means that we must make it clearly understood by the Member States , at European level , that agro-industrial production is not entitled to privileges and may not be established in rural areas like other types of farm production , but must be treated as an industry ; that means it may only be established in industrial areas and is subject to the appropriate emission rules , like those which other commercial and industrial undertakings also have to observe .
That is why he is such a capable man - let us say that quite plainly here !
So , of course , I pricked up my ears and said to myself that I must put that before you here .
In that sense , I would ask you to reconsider this at a suitable opportunity .
Mr President , Commissioner , Mr Mulder has drafted a very good report on quality policy for agricultural products and agri-foodstuffs .
Quality production must also be reflected in the price and in farmers ' incomes