The success of the Europe 2020 strategy depends on the competitiveness of European businesses and industries and also our economic dynamics in the post-crisis world .
The aim is to promote more and better jobs , with a view to eradicating situations of poverty and social exclusion .
We need much more than ESF funds , however .
The aim of the European Social Fund ( ESF ) is to promote employment opportunities and geographical and occupational mobility for workers in the European Union , and to facilitate industrial change and changes in production systems .
However , I am not in favour of making the ESF a financial instrument separate from the other structural funds , with its own rules and budget .
The process of revising it has been long and problematic .
Ageing and the consequent reduction of the active population undermine the sustainability of social security systems and economic growth itself .
Twenty weeks is a sufficient amount of time to help women to recover from childbirth , encourage breastfeeding and enable firm bonds to be formed between mother and child .
Throughout the whole process , I have expressed my complete openness to a broader consensus , and I hope that those who care about the well-being of women , families and children will support this report .
Therefore , it is also important that we also include paternity leave by making the most of the dual legal basis in this directive , which aims to promote gender equality and the reconciliation of family and personal life , because one of the stereotypes which prevails in our society is that women are associated with reproduction , while men are associated with production .
I feel that this broad consensus is very important .
I believe that the work carried out by our team was , in fact , very positive , as in this framework agreement , it has managed to give expression to the new competences and the strengthening of powers arising from the Treaty of Lisbon .
Even the Commission 's presence in Parliament has also been strengthened , especially through the implementation of question time , not only for the President of the Commission , but also for the commissioners .
I believe that the clarification offered by this framework agreement is good for both institutions .
This is an exchange that has both legal and political implications that Parliament should carefully consider .
We all know , however , that things should be quite different .
It also undermines the possibility that we might later reach an agreement with the US - a framework agreement on data protection , for which Mr Albrecht is the rapporteur .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I have listened to your responses and I must confess that I am perplexed , because on the one hand , the Commission says that if we want more information , we must go and knock on the door of the Member States .
Secondly , we are concerned with the fact that several Member States have decided to pursue bilateral relations and negotiations , showing a certain lack of European solidarity .
The restructuring promoted by concentrating the power to make decisions in a single new body , along with the new process of dispute resolution , will speed up internal decision making .
This is a shocking step backwards for rich Europe , where the profits of the financial sector and economic groups continue to grow , and be secreted away in tax have ns .
Worst of all , they are now forcing workers and poor people to pay for the urgent public subsidies that the governments gave to the banks , with the backing of EU leaders and applause from financial groups .
The multifaceted nature of poverty and social exclusion calls for a social dimension to macro-economic policies as an integral part of overcoming the crisis .
These minimum income schemes play an important role in redistributing income , and they ensure solidarity and social justice , particularly in a time of crisis , as they act in a counter-cyclical way as social stabilisers , providing additional resources to strengthen demand and consumption in the internal market , and thus combating the recession .
There needs to be a practical dimension to this European Year for Combating Poverty and Social Exclusion .
( The President cut off the speaker ) Poverty is a very serious problem which affects 85 million of our fellow Europeans , and so no one should remain indifferent to it .
I welcome this proposal , since its aim is to make the collection of data by type of goods obligatory for maritime transport statistics , which allows a useful general framework for supporting and monitoring the policy of promoting co-modality .
I would like to call for all European statistics on all modes of transport to be collected in line with common concepts and standards in order to achieve the greatest possible comparability between modes of transport .
Five Member States do not have a sea coast and do not provide data in accordance with the directive .
Of course , this depends on the comparability of the available statistics , which requires some harmonisation of standards and ideas .
In accordance with the Commission proposal , the revision of Directive 2009/42/EC should work along these lines and be applied to data from 2011 , in line with the voluntary practice that 18 EU Member States are already developing .
The machinery and equipment manufacturing industries for the shipping sector in the Danish region of Nordjylland were taken unawares by the changes to the markets and the global credit crunch , having suffered dramatic cuts in orders , which led to redundancies in more than 40 companies .
This situation clearly shows the need for effective technical and professional evaluation of the