With regard to the teaching of languages , both at school and in adulthood , I maintain , among many other aspects , that education in the mother tongue is fundamental to all other teaching .
However , an alternative proposal has been tabled by Socialist , Liberal and Green Members , which quite simply omits the three points that I have just mentioned .
In contrast to the points made in my report , it results in unacceptable protection of extreme nationalist tendencies and also unacceptably contradicts our fundamental rights and freedoms and even the principle of subsidiarity , not to mention that this alternative is also contrary to principles that are already enshrined in previous texts of the European Parliament and the Council and that have never been called into question .
Firstly , the primary and principal objective of structural policy must be to promote real convergence , by acting as an instrument of redistribution with regard to the costs , inequalities and asymmetries caused by the internal market , by Economic and Monetary Union and by the liberalisation of world trade , for those countries and regions in the European Union which are economically less developed .
In other words , so-called territorial cohesion must not be funded to the detriment of the Convergence objective .
The alternative tabled is an attempt to bring into the European Parliament certain nationalist disputes that are ongoing in Spain .
This contradicts everything that this Parliament and the other European institutions have upheld .
It is our responsibility as MEPs that is at stake .
We voted against this report as we feel that the pressure that is still being applied to conclude the ratification process of the Treaty of Lisbon , despite the result of the Irish referendum , is unacceptable .
I voted in favour of the report by Mrs Krehl because it highlights best practices in several areas , including in the area of the environment and sustainable energy .
However , I regret that the mandatory indication of the minimum durability for all products , including those with a minimum durability of more than 30 months ( Article 15 ) , has not been adopted .
Another objective is to increase the safety of cosmetic products .
For financial reasons , this date is frequently indicated as being more than 30 months .
As a consequence , the transitional period , during which the biocides market will continue to be regulated by national rules , would expire without the Community positive list being established .
The current directive provides for a transitional period ( 2000-2010 ) , during which the biocides market will continue to be regulated by national rules .
Due to the irreparable damage that it causes , FGM must be regarded by society as a very serious crime and must be vigorously combated .
On some of the issues raised , such as the predominance of certain European languages to the detriment of others , we are starting from a clearly negative position .
For that reason I have taken part in various initiatives that seek to promote and ensure full respect for multilingualism .
However , this is neither the time nor the place for another type of fight , particularly one that rejects subsidiarity and freedom .
I fully support this report .
One possible answer could be that , at the very least , the proclaimed cohesion policy is actually at risk ...
The idea of territorial cohesion must itself be based on the idea of making an area which people are deserting attractive and viable .
As a result , specific and prompt action to increase the credibility and coherence of the system is now the goal of the European Commission and the Council .
Nothing has been said about measures to end the privatisation of public services and strategic sectors of our economies .
We also stress that the Community budget should be based on a fair contribution from each country according to its gross national income , therefore firmly rejecting any more or less disguised attempt to introduce European taxes .
As we argued in the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development , genetically modified organisms must be excluded , and novel foods must not pose any risks to health or mislead consumers .
I voted in favour of the European Parliament legislative resolution on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council on substances that deplete the ozone layer .
More specifically , they are imposed by the so-called ' Letter of the Six ' countries , which set the Community budget at around 1 % of GDP.
As we have said , albeit in a very moderate manner , the report makes some relevant points , which are in line with what we have been saying for a long time : the current Community budget is less than what is needed , and every year significant amounts are unbudgeted for ( about EUR 29 billion short between 2007 and 2009 ) .
As the EU is the world 's biggest producer of motor vehicles and as the car industry is one of the largest private employers , support for this sector is vital to respond to the current financial and economic crisis .
While the primary objective is to save jobs , this must respect the ultimate objective of ensuring the survival of viable industries .
Poverty is one of the most serious problems currently facing the European Union .
Having examined it , however , I am forced to make a few more critical remarks .
The virtues of free trade consist of the mutual opportunity to exchange goods and the opening up of economies ; these virtues must be extended to developing or rapidly growing countries .
In the last year , cases of Internet abuse of children have risen by 16 % , without there having been any effective punishment in most cases or even the