say in Brussels .
This is fraud against the Community because the EU takes a small percentage of all VAT transactions .
So another question springs to mind : if the European Public Prosecutor is allowed to investigate every VAT transaction across Europe , how big will that office be ?
There are so many other questions - the relationship with OLAF , who appoints the European public prosecutor , who they report to and how it affects the Member States - that I am afraid I am urging the British Conservatives and others to vote against this report .
Mr President , I have to follow Mr Dell'Alba and Mr Heaton-Harris and this will be tough .
I would like to congratulate Mrs Theato on her report and in particular for making the effort to come here as I know she is not feeling very well tonight .
The report deals with the protection of the Community 's financial interests and how we deal with that and these are the major questions .
It is always the area where we see hugely inflamed headlines in the papers and we need to tackle these issues seriously otherwise we are going to continue with a largely Eurosceptic public like the people represented by Mr Heaton-Harris .
We must not forget that 85 % of the money is spent within the Member States and we must also not forget that Parliament ' s and the Commission 's role is to take a pan-European approach to these things .
We must also remember that fraud also concerns money that is not collected , something that happens very often .
We lose serious amounts of money because it is not collected by the Member States .
It is interesting that several countries , however much they protest about fraud , still have not signed up to the Convention on the Protection of the Communities ' Financial Interests .
I put an amendment down to name these countries because it is about time they were named and shamed .
We need to bring these countries out into the open to reveal their hypocrisy .
It was quite interesting to hear what Mr Prodi said today because he sounded quite enthusiastic about the European public prosecutor which is quite a shift from what we have seen in the past .
I must emphasise , from the point of view of the political group , the amendment that was tabled by Mr Bösch was critical of the report because it talked about concentrating on the institutions of the European Union , the public prosecutor being relevant only in that sense .
Mr President , I am more than aware that this report will not rate amongst the greatest , most radical contributions to the European debate .
The fact that there is such a "huge " turnout here tonight is a recognition of that fact by others .
Nevertheless there are a number of factors and issues within this report .
It should be seen as an opportunity for Parliament to reassess its work in relation not only to budget control but specifically to the discharge procedure .
We must not forget that it was the reluctance of Parliament to give the green light to the way Euro-taxpayers ' money was spent in 1996 that precipitated the fall of the Commission in 1999 .
What we are seeing as a result of the resignation of the Commission is a radical reform process .
However , we must be careful within the European Parliament not to miss seeing the log in our own eye because we are concentrating so hard on the splinter in our neighbour 's eye - the Commission .
We have problems as well , perhaps not quite as big as the Commission 's , but it is important that we recognise we also have problems .
It is clear that the nuclear button in the shape of the discharge procedure cannot be pressed at the first sign of trouble .
So the European Parliament needs to use this powerful weapon at its disposal in an extremely sensitive manner .
The discharge procedure gives Parliament an opportunity to assess the financial management and financial resources of the European Union , to propose measures for its improvement and to express an overall political judgement on its quality .
It is clear that the main focus of our work , within the Committee on Budgetary Control , will be on Commission management , and that ultimately we recognise that the Commission bears responsibility for implementing the budget .
However , we must not forget that 85 % of the money is spent and misspent within the Member States of the European Union .
For far too long the Member States have hidden their guilt behind the complex mass of Commission officialdom who cannot answer back .
Let us take one example : late payments .
If EU money does not arrive on time , people lose their jobs .
This has happened on several occasions in relation to the structural funds , for example .
We have EU laws to protect business from such mismanagement and the Commission has now promised to introduce its own regulations to ensure prompt payments .
But if the Commission coughs up money just to see it sitting in a Member State 's coffers gaining interest , the problem persists as far as the end-user is concerned .
So , where are the reforms from these guilty Member States ?
Here we have a problem , because we as the Committee on Budgetary Control and as a parliament are only as good as the information we have to work with .
We depend on the Court of Auditors to provide us with the ammunition to fire at the problem areas .
However , the reluctance of the Court - and for that matter the Commission - to name the guilty countries impedes our work