mainly to do with seeking something long overdue , namely rules for EU exports of living GMOs to third countries , and in this practicability is of the utmost necessity .
This is where we really need these derogations in order not to hamper research , and I am convinced that fear of possible mishaps in this area , such as those that might result from containers fracturing in transit , is exaggerated .
We cannot simply move the risk elsewhere , but must make it our concern that the standard be enforced in Europe and that we avoid research that would not even be carried out here turning these countries into hazardous areas .
The area of liability and compensation is also , of course , very , very important and crucial , but on this we should wait for the outcome , which we expect to bring with it traceability and labelling .
Mrs Wallström , I am sorry that you are the member of the Commission to whom I must say these things .
The conciliation procedure will be completed in two months at the latest - it has to be .
I can see the gentleman from the Industry Directorate-General sitting beside you .
That is not tolerable , and Mr Whitehead was right to say so .
I therefore take great pleasure in seeing you here today .
How more accommodating can one be ?
My request to you is really very firm , and is meant in earnest , although without it being intended to have any threatening undertone , but it would poison cooperation with Parliament and do it serious damage , if you were to have recourse to this comitological measure .
The selection criteria for the undertakings to be audited were last amended in 1994 , but have not been further adapted since then .
Let me say loud and clear that , in the preliminary draft budget , the Commission has given us no support .
When I said earlier that our present systems of export refunds cannot be made proof against fraud , you on the Commission ought really to have pricked up your ears , if you are really serious about protecting the tax revenues that we raise in the Member States .
Finally , I was not in Johannesburg , and so I do not know whether you also represented us , but , Commissioner , was it not made clear to us there , all the time , that export refunds of this sort , this kind of agricultural policy , this type of subsidy , ends up making a massive contribution to the great misery to be found in many parts of the world ?
Following the first reading , I , as rapporteur , made contact in July 2001 with the then new presidency of the Council in the hope of an early Common Position from the Council , but this turned out to be over-ambitious .
( DE ) The Commission proposal for facilitating more extensive financial corrections is to be welcomed .
In this debate , we will probably have much to say about the state of the accounts , and the implementation , of the Structural Funds - but not to the exclusion of other funds .
We should also bear in mind the subsidiarity issue , on which subject I have to say that the Commission cannot work miracles ; if political objectives are to become reality , and of course if expenditure programmes are to be implemented , it needs the staff to do it .
We have to work together on early warning systems , on research into environmental changes , in order to be able to prepare ourselves , rather than , like a rabbit fixated by a snake , waiting for the worst to happen , but getting to grips with it early on , in order to see what can be prevented right from the outset .
Thank you for your attention .
What is decisive for the public 's sense of belonging is what goes down well with them .
Efficient cooperation by the Member States and the candidate countries in these areas , and especially in combating illegal immigration , is indispensable , and requires that the necessary resources be made available for it .
It reminds me of something I frequently experienced in my professional life .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the promotion of small and medium-sized enterprises - SMEs for short - has hitherto always been one of the European Union 's major concerns .
Let me make one further point , which originates from Parliament alone : we want Basle II to have its own action programme .
Anti-personnel mines and the rapid reaction mechanism are also areas where we have proposed budget increases .
After all , we have already contributed EUR 120 million to the Global Health Fund from the EU and EDF budgets .
As you know , the Commission has already proposed increasing the funding by one-third , specifically to finance the shared costs of the International Police Task Force in Bosnia .
We regard this still relatively new institution as a major step forward in guaranteeing the quality and control of the administration and citizens ' access to it .
Of course , this is also a guideline for all measures in the area of category 4 .
Ultimately , just 13 % of the projects can be funded , which is why the NGOs must be given direct assistance .
We have always focussed particularly on the specific challenges facing the internal market as a result of enlargement , especially for border regions .
In the area of the trans-European networks - to turn to my second topic - we would particularly like to ensure that the bottlenecks with the Central and Eastern European countries are removed .
