a few people have mentioned , we also have problems here in Europe .
We must work to ensure that , given the future we are now confronting , the United States does not obtain a competitive advantage from showing the kind of irresponsibility we have seen so far .
It was not of course without reason that he said this .
In 1990 , the figure was 60 % and in 1997 it was 74 % , and there is no doubt that it has increased since 1997 .
According to statistics in ' The Economist ' of 16 June , the world has more rich people than ever before .
The unfortunate conclusion he drew following the meeting was , ' So it seems that I have to return to Africa without the cure for our four ongoing major crises ' .
How much real success is there in changing things ?
If these meetings do not succeed in producing more striking results , there is of course the risk that the fear of globalisation will become greater and that we shall therefore see still larger demonstrations , for part of the problem is , of course , that people in general simply think that globalisation is a bad thing , while we politicians are of the opinion that it should , in a way , be a good thing and we know that it could , in fact , be so .
I therefore hope that we get to tackle some of the real problems .
When the discussion turns to setting up a fund , providing debt relief etc. , one must also remember to talk about 'additional money ' so that we leave behind the situation in which it is the same money that circulates through the system and is never paid out .
Mr President , I am a strong supporter of a programme to help the many refugees in both Asia and Latin America .
I should like to commend the rapporteur for having tackled all the most important problems and thank her for having adopted all my amendments .
One of the greatest human catastrophes of our time is taking place in Afghanistan .
I am therefore pleased to see that most resources go to uprooted people from that country .
There are between 500 000 and a million displaced persons in Afghanistan , almost 2.6 million of whom live in the neighbouring countries of Iran and Pakistan .
We are all familiar with the depressing pictures of veiled , ghost-like women who are shot if they show the slightest signs of rebellion .
I have added that OLAF must have the opportunity of exercising supervision on the spot .
Havela is a closed , secretive and worldwide network which , within twenty-four hours , can transfer large amounts of money to anywhere in the world .
The network is considered to be a dominant factor in global money laundering .
Mr President , from G8 to recreational craft , and from recreational craft to uprooted people .
That is what you might call a range of subjects .
Until I heard Commissioner Liikanen commenting on recreational craft , I was quite convinced that it was these that would win the debate in the press .
He did in fact manage to talk the subject down .
As Commissioner Patten strongly emphasised , these are important , but it is just as important that these meetings should be followed up , and the present debate might well be said to be an example of such follow-up .
Nonetheless , this work is absolutely essential .
The proposal also shows - and I think this is a good thing - the need to involve the NGOs in the work .
I shall therefore just conclude by saying that - like the previous speaker , Mr Blak - I too think it is heart-breaking to see the developments in Afghanistan .
I can clearly remember the first time I heard about them on the radio .
Developments there increasingly cause one to despair , as does the fact that the international community has so few opportunities for intervening in time .
We have today voted against all calls to introduce a direct EU tax .
It is very doubtful whether such an EU tax would strengthen people ' s attachment to , and enthusiasm for , EU cooperation .
It is therefore impossible to guarantee that the introduction of an EU tax would not involve further burdens for tax payers .
It shows that this is a very important report .
The overriding problem is that they are not being implemented in the Member States .
Therefore , we never find out whether or not they would be a success .
It is quite simply unacceptable that they are not being implemented in their entirety .
If one adds to these the countries which do not have a fishing fleet at all , not many countries are left which comply with the common decisions .
There has only just recently been a ban on cod fishing in the North Sea , and this clearly shows that there are some very weak links in the chain when it comes to the ability of the common fisheries policy to secure sustainable fisheries .
One of the most important tools for securing sustainable fisheries is simply to ensure that the size of the fishing fleet corresponds to the quantity of the fish that can be caught .
We are now , of course , in the unfortunate and regrettable position arising from the failure to renegotiate a fisheries agreement with Morocco .
I look forward to the Commission ' s using the new tools in the form of Articles 6 and 10 of the Council Regulation which of course enable the Commission to withhold aid for , respectively , fleet renewal and the modernisation of vessels