you are introducing more stringent controls on imports of feedingstuffs .
Let me briefly explain the significance of this distinction : in the case of phytopharmaceuticals with well-established use , monographs containing generally available data can be presented as evidence for an application .
This committee should take over responsibility for the full range of tasks relating to herbal medicinal products .
There are problems in practice , however .
We must not create new bureaucratic hurdles , and temporary work must continue to be affordable for small companies too .
The necessary flexibility is further safeguarded through wage negotiations .
I would like to express my thanks to her and her colleagues , but also to Mr Lage , for their excellent cooperation .
DNA tests are not services like any other .
The problem is this : how do we deal with green biotechnology ?
Mr President , we increasingly see that when biotechnology is referred to , genetic technology is actually what is meant , but this is not stated clearly .
I think this is farcical and quite unacceptable .
Competition policy is undoubtedly of value in itself , but must be reconciled with socially important areas of general interest , and this is even more important as the European Union prepares for enlargement .
It concerns the regulations on which you have just reported , Commissioner , and which will entail an update of Regulation No 17 .
Given the short time available to me , I will have to confine myself to state aid policy and therefore to Mr Herzog 's report , which we Social-Democrats fully support .
My second point concerns a request that I wish to make in the field of regional policy .
I hope that the Commission will produce a proposal for a framework regulation or framework directive as quickly as possible and that it will take account of national specificities and traditions and in particular leave it up to the Member States to define public services .
Mr President , yesterday we held a debate on Mrs van den Burg 's report on temporary work .
In the United Kingdom a packet of cigarettes costs twice or three times as much as it does in Luxembourg .
This amendment also deletes the reference to the practice of blacklisting countries if they do not yet adhere to the various international standards in the field of fighting white-collar crime .
Clearly these transport ministers have forgotten that , for example , the regulation on compensation in cases of liability for oil pollution , which the Commission and Parliament have passed , has been lying on the table in the Council for over a year without any action being taken .
The oil discoveries in Sudan have not yet led to a return to peace .
That is why I am very grateful that the motion addresses this issue very clearly : the problematic role of certain parties who have interests in the natural resources - we have seen this in the Caucasus and in Congo too - and who are abusing ethnic conflicts to brutally increase their own profits .
This action is contemptuous of humankind and in violation of the United Nations Universal Declaration of Human Rights .
In this situation the European Union is continuing to negotiate a cooperation agreement involving economic cooperation .
Mr President , the case of Dr Aghajari has rightly aroused huge interest and concern in Iran and abroad .
Firstly , it is about a man who is threatened with death and whom we must rescue .
The surplus represents the difference between the estimates and cash data as set out in the revenue and expenditure accounts , in line with the accountability required by Parliament .
This sort of information is not , however , sufficient for administrative measures aimed at efficiency , and that is , as it has been emphasising for years , what the Court of Auditors is concerned about , and it is also a matter for concern for the Commission .
Another major change is the strategic planning using the Annual Policy Strategy within the Commission .
We are very much in favour of frugality , but not at the expense of objectives that have been decided on , unless the capacity for implementing them had been overestimated from the outset !
The new Financial Regulation gives its Directorates-General decentralised responsibility .
We will pursue this matter , and the Commission will have to give an answer as to why , for certain periods of time , practically nothing was done to take into consideration the comments made by the Court of Auditors .
Thirdly , we have to achieve an outcome in which there are no winners or losers .
The sooner the international community declares its readiness to provide this aid , the greater , perhaps , will be the willingness to do as the United Nations proposes .
Copenhagen must consummate the historic process of the 1980s and 1990s , and , to that end , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , we wish you much success !
What will be the image of the European Union if pressure is exerted over the Cyprus issue , if we are told that , if there is no date right now , the Cyprus issue will not be resolved ?
The Danish Presidency may well have tried , by means of its negotiating package , to do justice to all positions , but , as the spirit of integration was shown the door , all that has come out is a worthless patchwork of rags that is no kind of framework for a future together .
That is why it is so significant that Parliament , in a resolution on the report on the negotiations with the Czech Republic , described the so-called Exemption Act as incompatible with our conception of law , and did so in a careful and balanced way .
