Similarly , the reform of the European patent system seems absolutely essential in this area , as an early adoption of this directive is needed to create an online database to help SMEs check whether or not patents exist and how they can apply for them themselves .
SMEs - foolishly perhaps - disregard the patenting system .
We need to lighten the administrative burden on SMEs , and measures to reduce the stigma on bankruptcy are long overdue because , although there is a wide range of funding instruments available , SMEs and entrepreneurs seeking funding for their new ventures continue to face difficulties .
A website could be created to help overcome this at European level .
There needs to be a review and rationalisation of Community instruments supporting risk capital .
This needs to be more coherent and better integrated between the Commission , the Member States , the European Investment Bank and the European Investment Fund .
The EIB , the EIF and the European Commission also need to broaden their support for risk capital investment to a wider range of institutions and more innovative instruments , for example , business angels .
Evidence in the US suggests that informal venture capital provided by such people is up to five times as much as with formal procedures .
Similarly a Community-up approach to risk capital is essential .
Risk capital investment needs to go out to everyone , to all regions and to all communities .
Public authorities here as in elsewhere also have a key role to play in providing risk capital and financial support in areas where the private sector will fear to tread .
Initiatives such as mentoring have helped in these areas .
I praise the Prince 's Trust in the United Kingdom for the work they have done .
Finally , the lack of entrepreneurial culture and insufficient human resources and training and the lack of high-tech SMEs are all factors which need to be addressed in order to develop risk capital .
It is my belief that the EU has far more potential than is being realised at present .
In order to unlock this potential we need to make changes , not only to the regulatory environment but also to the culture .
It is essential that we realise the importance of risk capital to growth and employment and review the ways in which risk capital can be rationalised , simplified and made more accessible .
Essentially , we need to take the measures which I have outlined and which have been outlined by the Commission and others in order to achieve a joined-up approach to raise the level of risk capital in the European Union and to extend the job-creating benefits to all parts of the European Union .
As regards the new amendments which have been resubmitted after the committee vote , I am not in favour of Mr Tannock 's Amendment No 1 , but I approve Amendments Nos 2 to 9 .
Of Amendments Nos 10 to 20 , I only approve Amendments Nos 14 , 17 and part of Amendment No 18 .
I welcome the views of everyone in my committee and I believe we have a real consensus .
I hope to maintain that by supporting the amendments I have just mentioned .
Mr President , it is customary to be able to respond to the Commission if at the end a question has been ignored or not fully answered .
We believe that the European Union is a virtual desert as far as venture capital is concerned and that this needs to be addressed urgently .
There are perhaps only one or two countries amongst the 15 where it really operates .
The rest of them , I am afraid , are virtually asleep.
Even in those countries where it does operate it operates in a different way from the system across the Atlantic .
At the very least , issues like the pension fund can be introduced fairly quickly .
These issues must not to be put on the back burner .
Mr President , the forthcoming Europe - Asia Summit in Seoul offers a valuable framework for dialogue and the strengthening of political , economic and cultural cooperation between the two participating regions .
There are several countries in East Asia which would like to see Europe step up its presence in the region .
This in itself offers a very favourable basis for the gradual development of cooperation between the two regions .
I would , however , urge all participants to reach a consensus on incorporating clear commitments in the principal documents in Seoul to respect human rights in the region .
Greater attention must also be paid to child labour to guarantee that this practice can be eliminated as soon as possible both within Asia and elsewhere .
Europe and Asia must work together to intensify the battle against drug trafficking , money laundering , international crime , terrorism and the sexual exploitation of minors .
It is very important that an agreement is struck during the next round of World Trade Organisation talks between our two collective regions .
On this latter point , I would like to state that Asia 's fragile economic recovery is complicated by the region 's delicate political situation .
It is sometimes forgotten that the unprecedented period of economic growth over a quarter of a century in Asia was predicated on a sustained period of political and strategic stability .
Much of this stability does not exist in the region at this time .
The Korean peninsula is a source of continuing strategic instability .
The rebuilding of East Timor is still an ongoing process .
More Asian countries could play a role in providing additional aid for the rehabilitation and reconstruction of East Timor as a matter or urgency .
Certainly much discussion is