Let me finish with one very startling fact .
The United Kingdom could generate four times its power requirements from offshore wind alone - four times its power requirements !
Colleagues , this directive makes sense .
Commissioner , thank you for your efforts .
I hope you will support ours .
Mr President , Commissioner , we warmly support the draft directive for electricity from renewable energy sources .
We see it as building on the work of our colleague , Mr Mombaur , in advocating a greater share of electricity and energy in the European Union from these sources .
Clearly , the issues that divide the House are quite stark : the issue of the definition of renewable energy , for instance .
Many of us feel that energy from waste should be included .
It is a valuable resource and it certainly renews itself day-by-day , and that should qualify it to be included .
It seems a pity to exclude any category which can contribute to the overall achievement of energy from waste - whether it is for small-scale projects or part of the overall calculation .
The key issue , however , that divides us is the question of the binding nature of the targets .
We have grave reservations about this being in conflict with the principle of subsidiarity .
We think our friends on the Left and the Greens are asking too much in this regard .
It could scupper this directive , but we also think it is a matter of practicality .
If you aim for these targets , there is a curious range of percentages between 6 % and nearly 80 % in different Member States .
This seems a very curious way of going about it , so we think the Commission is right to aim for indicative targets .
The third point in issue here is the length of support programmes .
We favour a shorter period followed by a review , and I would say to my colleague , Mrs McNally , that she paints a pretty picture of windmills in the sea , but I must tell her that the engineering difficulties and the costs involved make that technology , as with electricity from the sun , rather a long way off in the future .
But I warmly support this proposal .
Mr President , the report by Mrs Theorin includes many bizarre and curious elements , and I have to say we should avoid the notion that armies are some sort of social service and that their guiding motive should be political correctness .
I want to focus briefly on just one paragraph of the report - Paragraph 3 - which condemns the use of so-called child soldiers .
Unfortunately terms are not defined and distinctions are not made .
We all condemn unreservedly the brutal abduction of children , some not even in their teens , particularly in certain African countries such as Sierra Leone or Uganda , and their corruption into murderous habits and involvement in barbaric practices such as mutilation and maiming .
These are not soldiers and they should be distinguished from young people in our own armed forces .
The trouble is that when we talk of child soldiers , then some interest groups use this as an opportunity to criticise distinguished institutions such as the British Army and this has happened recently .
As a guiding principle , we try to avoid sending young people into operational areas , but sometimes it happens and they serve with pride in well-disciplined units .
We should really avoid any possibility of confusing such honourable activity - which should be encouraged - with the sort of barbarism which I am sure the author of this report has in mind .
Mr President , on page 27 of the annex to the Minutes my vote is recorded as having been cast in favour of Amendment No 20 to the Morillon report .
I do not subscribe to the views of that amendment and I would wish that my vote be recorded as having been cast against it .
I have the honour to present this report on a subject that is crucial to the lives of the people we represent and , indeed , to the future of the Union .
My aim throughout the report has been to produce a proposal which is politically mature , eminently reasonable and practical for both the institutions and the citizen .
I believe my report reflects that and the view of my fellow rapporteur , Mrs Maij-Weggen , to whom I pay special tribute .
Let me stress that this is a legal text ; it must be detailed and watertight .
It is not an information pamphlet .
That will come later .
However , I regret that the report has been misrepresented by some for short-term political gain .
A few cheap headlines , a few inches of print remove such people from reality .
This report is even more urgent in light of the rules which were adopted by the Council in August , the so-called ' Solana Decision ' .
My report specifically states that the August Decision should be repealed along with other decisions .
What we are seeking is a change of culture .
As a collection of 15 Member States we approach the issue of public access to documents differently , but I am glad to see that , largely , the European Parliament stands as a bulwark against the forces which seek to keep the doors of the institutions closed to the public .
Access to documents and information regarding the activities of the institutions enables citizens to hold the EU governing bodies accountable and stimulates greater efficiency .
I remain confident that , with the crucial input of Mrs Maij-Weggen , we have produced a mature and sensible text and introduced revolutionary