my opinion , the principle should be that new funds should be appropriated for new tasks .
Mr President , I think this has been an exciting debate .
Fortunately , transferring all power to the European Parliament is probably not what our voters want .
The various Member States are investing enormous amounts of money in supporting the economy and employment .
If Mr Färm believes that micro-credits are something that should be prioritised , something else will , of course , need to be given a lower priority .
It feels good to be able to come back and report to you like this at the end of our term of office .
With these conclusions , the Council and the Presidency want to send a very clear and strong message from Europe that we hope may result in the negotiations between the parties being resumed soon .
Our conclusions also reflect the EU 's position on the Middle East , based on international law , that we have held for a long time and that we have expressed on many occasions .
Recently , the Israeli Government announced a partial and temporary settlement freeze .
My colleague , the Swedish Minister for International Development Cooperation , Gunilla Carlsson , visited the Committee on Development in the European Parliament at the beginning of September .
The policy of closure is unacceptable and counterproductive .
I would like to say a few more words about Gaza .
Of course , we hope that the mediation efforts by Egypt and the Arab League can continue .
One thing is clear - peace between Israel and the Palestinians can only be achieved if the Palestinians are united .
The EU will increase its assistance to East Jerusalem to ease the living conditions of the Palestinians .
It goes without saying that this would have extremely positive repercussions in the whole region .
It is a serious report .
The conditions for talks with Hamas are well-known and they have not been met .
At the beginning of the Swedish Presidency , we had hoped that the efforts of US President Obama would bear fruit in the Israeli-Palestinian negotiations .
I am very pleased at the high level of consensus here in Parliament , including with regard to our conclusions , which are clear and consistent .
The EU also supports the preparations for the formation of an independent Palestinian state .
We cannot accept a solution that is determined through unilateral measures , which then becomes a fait accompli .
All of the institutions are very much in agreement about the need for this and I look forward to continued cooperation on this matter .
Then I will talk about the Treaty of Lisbon .
Restrictive measures against third countries , individuals , natural or legal persons or other entities are an important tool for the EU in its foreign and security policy .
Restrictive measures alone are not always sufficient to bring about a change , but they can be a way of exerting pressure on repressive regimes or stopping the flow of money and other resources that support such regimes or terrorist networks .
They can only form part of the EU 's external action and , in that way , they differ from measures to create our own area of freedom , security and justice , which is , of course , our goal within the Union .
The measures are currently most often levelled directly against those who have been identified as being responsible for the policy or the measures that we are opposed to , or against their interests or their sources of income .
All sanctions are reviewed regularly to assess their effectiveness .
This means that the court can examine whether a decision regarding sanctions is lawful .
I understand that this change is not appreciated by Parliament , as the Council is no longer obliged to consult Parliament on sanctions that relate to individuals .
Therefore , the sanctions clearly must respect human rights and the fundamental freedoms .
A number of tangible improvements have been introduced .
Mr President , the Swedish Presidency has spent a considerable amount of time getting the Treaty of Lisbon in place .
This will give the European Parliament the power of codecision in a lot of areas .
Sanctions and respect for human rights and legal certainty are not mutually exclusive - quite the contrary .
Sanctions can be very effective and legitimate if , at the same time , they have legal certainty .
This is what both we and the Commission clearly understand the treaty to state .
I believe we can work together effectively and I have no doubt that we will find suitable ways to cooperate within the current institutional framework .
Transparency is about attitudes and about how laws and regulations are applied in practice .
We had some very positive and specific discussions on how we could improve the opportunities for citizens to access the institutions ' documents in practice .
As regards the review of Regulation (EC ) No 1049 , which we refer to as the Transparency Regulation , the Presidency wishes , first and foremost , to focus on the new legal basis for the Regulation .
There are certain restrictions with regard to the documents of the Court of Justice of the European Union , the European Central Bank and the European Investment Bank , but it is a significantly larger area than it was previously .
The second technical run-through was completed during June and July of this year and includes a number of the amendments that Parliament approved at the plenary sitting in March 2009 .
The reason for her question was that , as the Presidency , we need to know Parliament 's position , even it if was not necessarily in the form of a completed first reading