, is easily neglected .
This is the only Parliament that is kept so well abreast of the day-to-day expenditure situation .
This revised system superseded the old ESA 1979 .
No, the Council does not wish to engage in talks with us .
This applies especially to our cooperation with the Member States .
What are his or her powers ?
In the Member States , the European Public Prosecutor would be assisted by 'delegated national prosecutors ' whose responsibilities would have a European dimension .
The various departments of OLAF were also in constant touch with their counterparts in the Directorate-General headed by Mr Vitorino during the drafting process .
I believe , though , that the timetable has to be tightened up a bit , as what you have said indicates that such a State Prosecutor will be in place only in 2006 or 2007 .
This , I think , is something we must stick to .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I too would like to address the timetable issue , and do so from the same angle as did the previous speaker .
I can only reiterate that we are not now dealing with competing conceptions , but with a White Paper in the drafting of which OLAF played a part .
I believe that the European delegation , to which I belonged , did very well to bring the negotiations to their conclusion .
I also believe , though , that there is still more that we can do to make the WTO more democratic .
It is unfortunate that investments and environmental issues could not yet be put on the negotiations ' agenda ; they will be on it in two years ' time at the earliest .
I believe that they are forgetting that Doha opened a way ahead for negotiations and laid down a strategy for them .
Madam President , Commissioners , I will avoid polite flowery phrases , for you cannot talk up the outcome of Doha in such a way as to paper over the absence of any social component in world trade - at least from the point of view of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs .
I believe that this spurt of growth in Europe , especially in employment in Europe , is of enormous significance - but not only for Europe , for , particularly in the developing countries , millions of people will be able to cross the poverty line , something that represents a breakthrough for the poor in the developing countries as well .
The criticism from some quarters has been that we , the rich part of the world , continue to exploit the developing countries with the help of our refunds on exports .
I feel provoked by the way the Council of Ministers has again cut this amount and is willing to authorise only EUR 280 million .
What we are actually hoping for is that we can complete this document today .
Madam President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , although we , sitting here together , are all good colleagues and agreeable people , one does wonder about the point of the five of us sitting here this evening to discuss this report , which is as much about lawmaking as it is about industrial policy and protection of the environment .
Secondly , we want , in addition to the 2006 fixed stage , tax incentives for the early placing on the market of low-emission vehicles and for the retrofitting of older vehicles where that is technically possible and without discrimination against their owners .
The package of measures extends to the freezing of the money and other assets of suspicious organisations , as this will make it possible to sever the arteries of terrorism and organisations of a criminal nature .
Mr President , I am glad that , although you are from Regensburg , you are willing to give a minute 's speaking time to a Nuremberger like myself .
Mr President , I wish to thank Mr Watson , who has presented a very balanced and good report despite the ongoing attempts at blockade and the policy of permanent obstruction which Forza Italia , part of the Group of the European People 's Party - though hopefully not for much longer - has adopted .
Mr President , personal reference to me having been made for a second time , I am unfortunately obliged to comment on it , and I do so referring not to Mrs Angelilli 's assertions , but to what has just been said by Mr Tajani .
I only actually signed two amendments , not the others .
Moreover , 11 September did not contribute to a more reflective mood .
The Arab states must also see that keeping people in camps is not the right way either .
Mr President , conflict prevention cannot consist only of rapid reaction mechanisms and contingents of police .
In this report , I have especially tried to shed light on Iran 's internal developments in the political , economic and social spheres and to draw from them political conclusions for our attitude towards Iran .
It is our desire that these forces be encouraged by parliamentary dialogue , so that they may better do justice to the task committed to them by the electorate and to the hopes and expectations of society .
I hope I can count on your support .
We were , I think , very wise when it came to the common position on double hull tankers .
The old single hull tankers will be phased out with effect from 2003 , and port state control will at last live up to its name .
I have said already that we have a saying to the effect that one is in the hand of God at sea and in court