The destruction or evacuation of healthy animals is meeting with enormous resistance .
First of all , at what stage will you recognise that the European strategy has failed ?
It appears that the scientific arguments are still not fully concluded .
The positions are shifting .
So far , there are a great many small and medium-sized businesses , especially those working for the local market , who can only see the drawbacks .
Mr President , at the end of last year I concluded my contribution to the debate on the extension of the European public health programme with the observation that , in my opinion , the developments in public health in the EU are going too far .
That will generate funds for the European Union , instead of the European Union spending money on projects which Member States could implement and finance .
For example , you mentioned a shortage in the workforce , but there are regions in Europe which have unemployment of 6 % or even of 16 % and 20 % .
We do not exert enough pressure to obtain peace .
The European Council ' s lucid explanation in Stockholm seems to contradict this negative interpretation .
Last weekend , we all witnessed the television reports and the tension surrounding former President Milosevic ' s arrest .
We have to say that , for all the problems in the past , we still have a great deal of respect for the way in which Mr Patten and Mr Solana dealt with the situation there , in tandem with the Swedish Presidency .
The UN resolutions , the Oslo agreements : it is as if some things no longer exist , and both parties operate in a very irresponsible manner .
The Swedish Presidency has , traditionally , always played a very clear role , not as the Swedish Presidency , but as Sweden in the UN Security Council .
Mr President , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , Mr President of the Commission , I would first of all like to congratulate the President of the Council on the results of the Stockholm Summit .
Needless to say , we want more , but sound results have been achieved .
My second question concerns the following .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I have the impression that those who are keen to emphasise the fact that Stockholm was only a half-hearted attempt at a summit , with a great deal of rhetoric and little in the way of results , would very much like to make us overlook the fact that , in Stockholm , a number of vital steps were taken in order to bring the European policy we have pursued back on track , both socially and ecologically .
In this framework , my Group is , in fact , giving its unqualified support to the decision to start formulating concrete goals on employment for older employees .
According to his recommendations , a great deal needs to change yet .
I do not share his view on this .
With regard to the Balkans , I am delighted that the Serbian police had the courage to arrest Milosevic .
The UN Conference is pointless if it remains bogged down in fine promises and vague declarations .
Only then can countries develop education and health care ; only then can investments be stimulated .
Our fellow MEPs have illustrated this amply .
I would like to list a few of these initiatives .
Europe should also free up extra monies for this fund .
I am really starting to question the Council ' s validity .
These limits are now far too low .
Competition in this sector is fierce , but success and profitable operations must be based on more and better , not worse , customer service .
Fourthly , upon drafting this report and the eighteen amendments which I recommended to the committee , I sought legal advice from various lawyers and legal experts in order to preclude any doubt which may arise in future in the legal sphere .
Once this regulation enters into force - which I hope will be the case by the end of next year - coinciding with the expected entry into effect of the Montreal Convention - all airline companies in the European Union will then be required to make this information available to their passengers .
Furthermore , by ratifying the Montreal Convention , the Commission recognises the Union ' s authority in this matter .
I am emphatically supporting Mrs Sanders ' liability proposals and also the proposals regarding consumer information .
Consequently , rules on the position of air passengers should ideally have a global character .
The Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs has assessed the Commission proposal in terms of competitive aspects and competitive neutrality .
Clear definitions should prevent ambiguity in the interpretation and , consequently , should secure honest competition .
The report contains the economically sensitive subject of support which goes beyond compensation for effects which have not yet been included .
After all , indeterminate support and inequality among businesses should not form barriers to sustainable transport .
We need an increase in quality and reliability , and market discipline is in that case the best incentive .
The environmental interests are obvious , as are the efficiency interests , but what is still lacking is some kind of driving force .
The advent of the euro is also an absolute godsend for crime .
The European Union , Europe , will become one huge Disneyland for organised crime .
Of course , Europe is not holding a people against its will , but we cannot simply skim over the plagues which are hitting our agriculture .
' From stable to table ' is translated freely into Dutch as 'from farmer to plate ' .
The BSE crisis poses