Finally , I trust that my comments will not lead Mr Salafranca to accuse me of speaking on behalf of some terrorist group .
As is becoming the norm on these occasions , the run-up to the Council was in stark contrast to its aftermath .
They demonstrated in a peaceful , public-spirited and constructive manner , clamouring for more Europe and a more social Europe .
Let us hope that the Convention , that great landmark in the history of European democracy , will serve to establish a positive synergy between the democratic institutions and civil society , which made its presence felt in Barcelona during the European Council .
There is also the commitment to tax reduction for the lowest salaries and to accentuate measures to motivate people to seek employment , to control unemployment and of course to encourage the incorporation of women into the labour market through various measures , many of which had already been highlighted here .
We are not going to create a new Union right now .
I think that this is much more than anyone could have expected .
They are the same people who said that people did not want anything to do with Europe or the euro , and so within a fortnight all European citizens accepted the euro , spontaneously and entirely voluntarily .
Barcelona produced results .
Finally , Mr President , very briefly , I must say that as a politician and a Member of Parliament for more than thirteen years - and I hope that one day the confidence of the Spanish people will mean that I can take on those tasks again - I want to make something very clear : political legitimacy lies in parliaments and democratically-elected governments , full stop .
Therefore , Mr President , the only thing that I wished to do was to ask how long we are going to have to tolerate this type of statement in this House , which is an offence to the memories of the victims and makes a mockery of the positions taken by Parliament ?
But we shall exercise that prerogative in a way that is not only politically responsible , but also honest .
Inside the Union our main objective is to speed up the creation of a European area of justice , security and freedom .
There are signs of recovery in the not too distant future .
At this point we cannot properly prepare for enlargement without more staff .
Mr President , this shows how seriously and rigorously the Commission is committed to its priorities , without ignoring budgetary discipline .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the Presidency listened with particular interest to the presentation by the Vice President , Mrs De Palacio , of the Commission 's annual policy strategy for 2003 , which is the first phase of the cycle of planning and programming of the priorities set by the Commission .
Mr President , the Presidency would like to repeat that it is prepared to support the strategic priorities proposed by the Commission and to look in detail at their budgetary implications at the appropriate time .
( The President cut the speaker off )
Furthermore , in its Standing Committee of 6 April , the Parliamentary Assembly of NATO , which is not known for its Socialist tendencies , tabled a resolution which I believe is in accordance with what we ourselves would propose .
It seems to me to show a lack of respect to cancel these events and I trust in you and the House to maintain Question Time , even if we hold it at another time .
Mr President , I only wished to say that I sent a letter to Mr Cox last week to inform him about a disaster which struck the island of Tenerife , specifically the capital , Santa Cruz de Tenerife , where unfortunately , as well as the material damage , seven people lost their lives .
Today we are debating the ARGO programme , the ultimate aim of which is to provide a guarantee of homogenous treatment for third-country nationals .
Mr President , much has been achieved in this field under Commissioner Vitorino , but there is still a very long way to go .
I also believe that this proposal is a necessary step , which requires others in order to make full sense .
I would like to make two further observations .
We would ask that in future we be more rapidly involved in the process of drawing up this type of Regulation in order that this Parliament can provide its support with full knowledge of the facts and not , as in this case , in a truly unbalanced effort .
It is true to say that today there are new administrators and new procedures ; there is now no problem , as demonstrated by the 1998 , 1999 and 2000 discharge .
I believe that the rapporteur could take steps to facilitate a more appropriate solution by taking the opinions of the Group of the Europe People 's Party into account .
The main instrument of the new system will be a common European certificate that will provide access to the whole European market and serve as a basis for recognition agreements .
Therefore , I hope that today Parliament as a whole will be able to confirm its support for this text so that the approval of the Regulation can take place next June , with the establishment of the Agency from Summer 2003 .
The Commission can fully support the other amendments .
The Commission considers that Parliament 's arguments are justified , and for this reason , we can accept this amendment .
The President stopped me exercising my right of free speech .
I had the honour of presiding over the Spanish Parliament - the Spanish Cortes Generales - during the last legislature as President