A second point is research .
We call for the prompt implementation of this legislation .
The death rate as a result of this disease is still increasing and this is set to be the case for some time .
After all , the evaluation of the European development policy shows that the current programmes have too little impact .
Worse access to education and health care , a biologically greater risk of infection and a difficult social position all contribute to this .
The NEPAD story was the response of the African leaders to the globalisation of the world economy .
My guiding principle is that respect for a community 's cultural identity is a condition for peaceful coexistence .
Finally , I hope that the instruments that are being developed internationally , along with the instruments that you and the EU will be developing , will serve diversity and will facilitate cultural identity in the proper sense of the word .     . – I come from a country , Flanders , whose culture was crippled for decades because of domination by Belgian French-speakers .
Whether we are Scotland , Wales , the Basque country , Catalonia , Galicia or Flanders , we expect the same level of respect from the EU as the Baltic States or the Scandinavian countries .
This confidence will also be reflected in the turnout for the European Parliament elections in June .
One way of restoring this confidence is more transparency and democracy .
A new SARS epidemic is looming and I am asking the presidency to take the initiative to ensure that the Public Health Ministers grant the Commission – in this case , Commissioner Byrne – far-reaching powers to take crisis management measures , such as uniform controls at airports , should this prove necessary .
We need to bring down the number of pages of regulations from 80 000 to 50 000 and reduce the number of types of decisions from 23 to 6 in a bid to achieve clear , result-oriented and democratic governance .
These are our proposals in order to tackle a treacly bureaucratic Europe for the benefit of another , democratic Europe .
On a positive note , though , Member States that have , for the protection of their environment , already put legislation in place that is stricter than this regulation will not be hindered in enforcing it .
This topic would not have found its way onto the agenda had it not been for a petition signed by nearly 2 million people and had it not been for the Committee on Petitions , which took the decision , a year ago , to draft a report on the subject .
I support proposals for eco-tourism , protection , education and legislation , even though they probably leave something to be desired .     .
The provision of services has gone down and employment is in the balance .
I support her ambition to exclude everything that pertains to this from trade liberalisation by WTO/GATT and to have it protected by a convention to be concluded in the framework of UNESCO .     .
It is a shame that the motion for a resolution adopted unanimously in the Committee on Women’s Rights and Equal Opportunities lacks the firmness of the clear Explanatory Statement .
Gatherings of more than two people are also prohibited .
We make ourselves very clear on this point every year in our reports on human rights in the world and within the European Union .
I should , however , like to draw attention to the connection between the three vital issues that the rapporteur mentions in recital 1 : the need for migration to the European Union , improved integration , and cooperation with countries of origin .
Paragraph 28 calls for attention to the problems that can be an issue in the field of general and reproductive health .
Just because he and his political allies want it does not mean that immigration is an inescapable disaster .
The report does not say a single word about the socio-economic or social problems that currently exist .
If I then look at my own country , the figure is 33.5 % .
Why am I now speaking specifically about employment ?
That implies , of course , also giving the present migrants work and gearing this management not only towards future migrants .
I should like to mention Amendment No 13 in particular , which more or less states that anyone who has paid even a small amount of tax anywhere should have an automatic right to a residence permit .
The dangerous flights of fancy are to be found on the other side of this House , where people are seeking to grant rights that cannot be fulfilled .
That exacerbates the misery , as we can see in the United States , and we want to avoid that .
I think that the Council must take a position on this and make clear that animal rights apply throughout the EU.
I agree with Mr Sørensen in that regard .
The protection of external borders remains , in principle , a national concern .
I think it a shame in itself that this further research was not carried out in parallel with the discussions that were held with the Member States , because that might have saved some time .
At that time , Germany still had a genuine social policy .
We must not forget this , because it is a serious risk .
I would also like to thank Mr Zappalá for the constructive manner in which he has tried eventually to put the complex proposals that were before us into what is , hopefully , a workable and improved shape by means of compromise amendments .
I think that those professions should be subject to mandatory registration .
I will also be asking