Mr President , before we begin the debate on the Bertens report , I should like to draw your attention to a procedural matter : we are about to debate two reports by the Committee on Foreign Affairs , Security and Defence Policy but we have yet to hear the opinions of either the Delegation for relations with Latin America or the Delegation for relations with Central America .
This can no longer be abstract and general ; we need a policy of economic cooperation for the next four years that is adequately funded as compared with the current ECU 1343 m ; there has to be a joint effort to combat drug-trafficking and to promote humanitarian , social and cultural activities .
There is , in many instances , a delay in creating a fully-developed legal system , and yet a substantial degree of civil awareness is becoming established .
Anything that will reinforce relations with Latin America , augment the content of these relations , increase the European presence and guarantee the quality and quantity of our political , economic , financial , trade and cultural relations must become quite natural for the European Union , mindful of the historical and cultural links for some and the economic and trade links for others .
In reality , the Commission 's communication concerning the way in which we will conduct our relations in the last five years of the century is simply a practical guide to where our activities should start and end .
Consequently it was necessary to work very flexibly so that , while maintaining exclusively the horizontal level - the Rio Group - as a specialised forum for political dialogue , the European Union could offer a suitable cooperation platform to every country , from the North to the South of Latin America , in line with the regional , territorial and political needs as well as the level of economic development of these countries .
It would be very difficult to reproach the European Union for not concerning itself sufficiently with the Latin American continent when , based on the OECD figures for last year , we represent 62 % of cooperation , much less attempt to compare it with the United States which was even surpassed by Japan last year , and which accounts for only 14 % .
I pray that this issue is solved by the Treaty of Amsterdam because the common foreign and security policy is not an area in which the European Union 's credibility is at its best .
I would like once again to bring up the question of comparison with United States policy .
There is political stability , and a lot of progress has been achieved .
I really believe that this will be the unfinished business to be dealt with in Latin America in the next century .
That programme must be based on three principles : first of all , encouragement for regionalization as the only institutional model able to turn to good use the positive effects of globalization and attenuate its negative effects ; secondly , encouragement for regionally-based parliaments which offer the most modern system of applying a policy of safeguarding human and political rights in those countries and providing a framework for social dialogue - in that connection it is frankly deplorable that the Florence document made no mentioned of PARLACEN ; and , finally , aid targeted primarily at municipalities and local communities and subject to sensible and detailed monitoring by the Commission and this House , as appropriate , to prevent the diversion of aid triggering fresh tensions in countries , such as Guatemala , that have just emerged from civil war .
Central America has changed a lot in the last five years .
The micro-projects ( we are now conducting almost 400 of these ) cost a lot in terms of money and work , and are , of course , difficult to control from Brussels .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the single market in the air transport sector has brought with it an unprecedented increase in air traffic , with the number of routes and airlines constantly increasing .
We therefore need to be farsighted and have a global vision of growth in the air transport sector in the near future .
Moreover , it has been possible to make some increases , without flying in the face of scientific recommendation - in the case of Atlantic hake and angler fish , for example .
We then discussed the Mediterranean , and I gave an oral account to the Council of the conclusions of the second diplomatic conference held in Venice at the end of November , to which the House sent a sizeable delegation , and the presidency underlined the need to build on the impetus that conference had provided .
I must first make the point that I believe all the different Member States are now aware of the need for controls and appreciate that the way in which they are currently applied is less than satisfactory ; this is something that the House itself has emphasized , and I welcome this .
I also believe that progress has been made in terms of understanding the importance of controls , including just recently ; we have only to remind ourselves , for example , that not so long ago the mere suggestion that satellite controls should be set up did not get a particularly warm reception from the Member States .
That seemed to us to be the right thing given that the ultimate objective of controls has to be stock conservation .
A final point on MAGP IV.
The Commission remains convinced that prime responsibility for this state of affairs lies with the overcapacity of the Community fleet : it is therefore the fleet that needs to be cut .
As far as the last Council meeting