As far as this matter is concerned , I can do no better than refer to the Council recommendation of 22 December 1995 , which states , among other excellent proposals , that the demand for state benefits for immigrants should , and I quote : ' be able to be met only once it has been verified that the party concerned and his family are eligible for the benefit , having due regard to their residence and employment status ' .
It is a rule of this Parliament that persons in the gallery should not indulge in any expression of their feelings .
Mr Adam 's report , which is full of fine detail , demonstrates , if any demonstration were needed , that a country like Russia , in particular , must necessarily diversify its sources of supply ; that it cannot rely totally on gas , and still less on renewable energies or , quite simply , on energy efficiency , but that it must , instead , continue to develop a strong nuclear industry .
Madam President , perhaps we should find a different form of words and hold that vote again , since the result is fraudulent .
The industrial approach must go hand in hand with the constant concern for compliance with safety standards , resulting in the shutting-down of dangerous nuclear reactors and the modernization of the most recent ones .
At a time when incomes for all those involved in the beef and veal industry have been collapsing , is this really the time to repay ECU 9 , 200 million to the Member States out of the 1995 budget surplus and to reduce the preliminary draft budget for 1997 by ECU 2 , 750 million ?
Not a bit of it !
This debate is taking place under extremely dubious conditions , as I had occasion to say on Monday .
We will have to allow a reasonable period for the farmers to make the change , and we shall have to provide them with financial aid for that purpose , without penalizing them unfairly .
I have tabled a number of amendments along these lines on behalf of my group , the first of which relates to a definition of the types of calf - to eliminate ambiguities - while the other concerns a physical breeding limit - up to 110 kilos of carcase - which is easier to monitor than the age of the animal or other factors .
Protection against specified zoonoses Madam President , the subject is much less prominent , clearly , than bioethics : we are being asked to amend a few details within the framework of a 1992 Directive .
There is a principle of international law , which in fact is now a principle of national law , deriving from a whole series of conventions , a principle of environmental law : the polluter pays .
A giant organization like the National Federation of Farming Unions in France believes that , today , talk of biological agriculture is no longer just folklore .
Personally , I regret this very much .
Mr Moretti clearly emphasized this , because he calls for studies to be undertaken to give our shipyards the chance to compete where we should be competing - on the quality front .
We are interested in Mr Hughes 's question on working time in maritime transport , because the ILO Conference takes place on 8 October .
So I trust we are going to have a debate , because it would be absolutely scandalous if were now to rush through a resolution by about fifty votes , changing what was resolved by 400 votes in July !
In July , we voted , by 417 votes , on a text which at that time was rejected by the proper procedure .
It called in particular for consultation of the Ecofin Council , and this took place on 11 March 1996 .
The result is that today , according to the figures of the European Audiovisual Observatory , 77.7 % of the works of fiction broadcast in 1994 by the 88 television channels in the EU were not of European origin .
This is to some extent the question which should be answered by the establishment of this European Guarantee Fund to promote cinema and television production .
The proposal aims to develop this sector by reducing the risk for investors and encouraging them to back a greater number of European productions in the future .
We venture to hope that the Council will hear reason and realize that project selection must be carried out by the Commission , and not on the basis of some kind of intergovernmental agreement , which moreover would contravene Article 128 of the Treaty .
We are also in favour of Amendment No 2 , stressing the need to promote access to this programme for those in outlying regions .
We adopted an opinion on 29 June 1995 , and we can now see that the common position submitted to us quite frankly contains hardly any trace of our amendments , apart from certain points of wording .
In 1996 , it ended in May .
We should like the Commission to respect more closely the - already very limited - power of initiative conferred on Parliament by Article 138b of the Treaty .
No one is interested in having a dialogue of the deaf , in talking for the sake of it .
Finally , do I need to remind the House of the way in which the Commission swept aside almost all Parliament 's amendments to the postal services directive ?
In the spring of 1997 , the Commission 's services will define the broad guidelines of economic policy for 1997 .
Undoubtedly , the Commission 's communication on services of general interest represents a first