Even the Euro-African conference in Rabat , which will take place on 10 July , will also deal with the issue from the point of view of enforcement and border control , and we will still not hear Africa 's voice .
An information programme on these areas aimed at migrants could also be established .
This is a highly detailed report that deals with a very wide range of subjects .
I quote , ‘the priority objective must be to promote the “circulation ” of brains in order to compensate for the negative effects of the brain drain .
That communication also contains extremely precise and specific guidelines .
Mr President , I too would like to thank Mrs Carlotti for this report , which proposes many interesting initiatives , though , as the Commissioner has pointed out , there appears to be a lack of coherence amongst the different policies of the European Union .
In the South , migration too often means the departure of the best-trained citizens , a real haemorrhage of skills , depriving those countries of revenue and jeopardising the provision and quality of essential services , which are crucial to their true development .
The second point that I consider important is the old chestnut of the ‘brain drain’ .
I agree entirely with Mr Kulakowski , who placed the accent on extremely close ties between migration and development .
The second is that Europe’s body of legislation has not been simplified .
Why duplicate this task ?
Do not forget the riots in France , in which young people shouted their hatred of our institutions , our values and everything that we stand for .
The Commission communication on a common agenda for integration therefore constitutes an important step forwards , and the creation of a European Fund for the integration of third-country nationals is very much in line with this .
The growing popularity of free-trade products with European consumers is bound to act as an incentive for an initiative of this kind .
Parliament and the European institutions remained silent when we submitted a request for an observation mission to be dispatched during the 2003 presidential elections , even though some candidates were being held in prison .
In this connection , I am delighted at the way in which the last constitutional elections were held .
Yet , we also want to appeal to the responsibility of businesses , particularly European ones , which , by providing technologies or services , are more or less involved in these acts and which ought to commit themselves to subscribing to a code of conduct preventing them from playing a part in censorship , in repression and in persecution .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I am delighted to present to you today the proposal for a regulation on funding to deal with pollution caused by ships .
I am delighted at this because – as several of you have said – we must never forget the disasters of the sinking of the and the .
That shows real urgency .
I am delighted that so many diplomatic and financial efforts should have finally led to a first round ballot of the presidential election and the legislative elections being held on 30 July .
In spite of the difficulties over the last few days , the aim of the European Union’s action in DRC can only be to make a success of a transitional process that must hinge on the establishment of new authorities and institutions on the basis of the results that will come from the ballot boxes , in line with the international standards of transparency and reliability in electoral matters .
This appeal was sadly not heard by the most diehard supporters of the two candidates who were well ahead in the first round and , shortly before the provisional results were announced , on Sunday 20 August , they began to confront each other in the very heart of the capital , before reaching the stage , late in the afternoon on the Monday , of fighting with heavy weapons around the residence of the senior vice-president , in which the members of the international transitional aid committee , chaired by the United Nations Special Representative of the Secretary-General , Bill Swing , were gathered .
It is justifiable to be worried , especially given the unrest that followed the announcement of the presidential election results , which do , however , still offer an opportunity to both of the candidates who finished first in the elections .
During the events of the 20 , 21 and 22 August I intervened personally in order to calm people down , as I believe General Morillon knows .
Today , the economic interests that I encounter in the Congo are Chinese , Indian , Israeli , American .
Simply because , as someone said in this House , there have been almost 4 million victims in Central Africa in ten years .
This is what I meant about neutrality : hearing a chorus of people repeating that the Commission is not neutral is ultimately tiresome .
Unfortunately this did not occur , and I regret this .
The same applies to the police .
Mrs Aubert , you have asked me the following question , and with very good reason : ‘ What do you plan to do ? ’ As I recall , this is the main point of your speech .
Furthermore , it will leave the multilateral system in place , which will not disappear , though the idea was to begin to reform it and make it more compatible with the objectives of development and with the other rules of the international community : namely the need to take on board the objectives of public health , the environment , and tomorrow – we hope – the social dimension of globalisation .
The EU should not offer any more concessions until it