waters in the period from 3 May 1999 to 2 May 2000 .
However , the Protocol does not contain any international standards regarding the conservation and rationing of fish stocks .
We should therefore use this time .
Madam President , our Group of the European People 's Party and European Democrats has called for us to follow the system that we always use and debate BSE on a 'catching the eye ' basis .
No doubt the two Member States who still have an import ban will support you in this !
I would like to know what scope the Commission has for exerting pressure so that these Member States bring in consistent labelling and identification of bovine animals before 2003 ?
The dialogue and the name of this dialogue show that we are all in the same boat .
That is why the Maastricht Treaty rightly emphasised in Article 103 that coordination of this kind is necessary .
And when will you enter into a concrete agreement with us so that we can implement a consolidated strategy to exploit all the economic potential of Europe ' s countries as well ?
Not only will the presence of European economic actors in China be strengthened in this way , but also the presence of Chinese research institutions in the EU.
So European culture has learnt something from China , and I hope that will continue to apply in future .
It also recommends that this decision should be forwarded to the Council and Commission .
Secondly , we recognise the need to increase private sector involvement in the drawing up and implementation of programmes , and also the need to aim for closer cooperation between the relevant parliamentary committees of the parties to the agreement .
We cannot , of course , ignore Chechnya .
Cooperation between Argentina and the European Union is therefore also a way of encouraging Argentina and other Latin American countries to increase the amount they spend on investing in future .
Given that this year is the two-hundredth anniversary of Alexander von Humboldt ' s journey to Venezuela , I would like to recall that Alexander von Humboldt did not just take something out there - his curiosity - but he also brought something back , namely knowledge about tropical plants and about the geography of this interesting continent .
While in Bonn people are trying to shirk their responsibility and avoid reducing CO2 emissions , we here are doing things properly , establishing law and giving consumers the option of cutting CO2 emissions themselves !
Consumption figures are important anyway at a time of rising petrol prices .
I would like to take the liberty of praising the Austrian Presidency a little , because I think they were the ones who made this happen .
In my experience over the last five years in this House , the approach adopted has , unfortunately , always been a rather piecemeal one , failing to recognise links with other legislative issues .
I do not think it makes sense to explain every consumer ' s rights in a package leaflet .
I also consider that the four strategic objectives have been very well chosen and the right method has been adopted for evaluating and monitoring them .
We regret that at the Cologne Summit the word " Parliament " was not mentioned in the paper on employment .
Specifically , the percentage of the unemployed offered initial and further training or retraining is to be increased .
It involves strengthening measures to promote equal opportunities for men and women .
As I see it , alongside training one important option is a targeted reduction in charges in areas which have been shown to create jobs .
Sweeping references to service sector jobs in the USA make the picture quite clear : everyone knows that these are mainly underpaid jobs with no social security net .
Furthermore , both sides of industry must of course be involved in the process of renewing and modernising employment in the Member States .
We are all talking about primarily structural unemployment .
Furthermore , there is added value at European level if the two sides of industry can also learn from each other how to develop new concepts and to implement pilot schemes .
I have now seen , much to my surprise , that according to the Minutes you did not see my request to speak .
Madam President , with regard to Amendment No 13 , I have nothing against the proposal to take a joint vote on this , but I wish to point out that the German version is incorrect .
( The President cut the speaker off )
Madam President , I agree that we should have the Commissioner here when we discuss Chechnya .
You led the delegation in which we won this from the Council .
If we really want to achieve that , then it is specifically the NOx emissions from lorries and buses that we will also have to reduce .
We always face the same problem , and I can remember our discussing that , Mr Lange : you promised to come to an arrangement with the Council so that your amendments would be accepted in part .
At this point I would like to make a general comment about the formal structure of the report .
( The President cut the speaker off )
In any case we recommend that the media should be involved in order to get the programme up and running .
I would now like to invite other countries also to adopt a law of this kind , as it would help to ensure that women and their dignity are protected .
For it to work well , national workers ' organisations at local level should be able to forward their information to the European Works Council , and they should have sufficient rights to react in good time