with the right of appeal for those who are affected by it .
By the same token , we think that the provision of air traffic services should be open to liberalisation , subject to what each individual country decides is appropriate for itself .
As Members may well know , in the United Kingdom we have addressed the subject by introducing a principle of privatisation .
That may be right for us .
It may be wrong for others .
It is up to individual nation states to decide , but they must decide to address this problem of the division between regulation of their airspace on the one hand and the air service management provision that could be offered by others or other organisations .
We do believe that there should be objective and independent criteria on how the system is managed , with incentives offered for the achievers and penalties offered for those who do not meet the desired levels .
We think that passengers should be compensated for unjust delays and that their rights in these cases should be clear and well known .
But above all we wish Commissioner Palacio , with our support , to press the Council of Ministers and all those associated with this to take urgent decisions .
If there is one across-the-board criticism of the report from the industry , it is that perhaps it does not go far or fast enough .
This cannot last any longer .
We must address this issue now .
Mr President , can I first of all , on behalf of the Party of European Socialists , welcome the Commissioner 's initiative .
We share her objectives , we support her aims .
However , we do perhaps regret the lack of integration with other initiatives that she is pursuing , which is apparent if one reads her communication .
We also note the lack of political will that exists within both the Commission and the Council , although it is worth perhaps reminding ourselves that this initiative started with the Council in June last year when it requested the Commissioner to bring forward this communication .
Indeed in March of this year , the Council in Lisbon sought further progress , progress which I am sure we would all endorse .
The Party of European Socialists also supports and indeed welcomes the rapporteur 's carefully judged position .
It is subsidiarity in action : European where necessary , national where possible .
I would like to thank him personally for taking on board many of our concerns , not least in the area of safety , which I acknowledge is now the number one priority for him in his report .
The key concerns of the PSE include a regret at the lack of analysis of the real cause of air traffic delays .
Airports ' runway capacity , airline planning , passenger behaviour , airport infrastructure , as well as the shortage of controllers which was mentioned by the rapporteurs .
A second concern of ours is this key principle , which we support and which needs to be developed further , namely the separation of regulation from service providers .
That has to be a key building block of our new approach .
Eurocontrol too must be reformed and revamped and relaunched .
The third principle we support is liberalisation but not privatisation ; and fourth and finally we want to see these proposals developed in conjunction with the proposed European Aviation Safety Authority .
Indeed , above all , safety first should be our guiding rule , and I am sure it will be our guiding principle in the months to come .
Between 1986 and 1996 air traffic in Europe doubled .
It will double again in the coming ten years .
We need to tackle this issue urgently and swiftly but in a coherent way .
What we want to hear perhaps from the Commissioner today is a clear timetable from her as to the speed at which she will be acting in the months to come .
We all know there will be people waiting in airport lounges this summer asking , why their plane is delayed , not for minutes but for hours .
Hopefully the Commissioner today can bring forward a timetable for when those delays will cease .
I look forward to her comments , particularly bringing this Parliament up to date on the conclusions last week of the Council which received the interim report of the high level group .
I urge colleagues to back the rapporteur 's proposal and I urge the Commissioner to bring forward a very clear timetable .
Mr President , the report deals with the problem of increasing air traffic .
I want to focus on just one aspect of this report or , more specifically , on a major omission from it .
A number of proposals are put forward but for me the problem with this report is its main thesis that congestion can just be solved with the liberalisation of the air traffic management and control system .
What the options are doing is focusing on technical fixes , not the underlying trends .
Certainly a single European sky would increase the efficiency with which European air space is used .
Improvements in air traffic management would make more space available .
Restricting the use of military air space would also make a significant difference .
But none of these technical fixes are going to make a long-term impact unless we address the underlying problem , which is the unsustainable growth of air traffic .
By failing to link the issue of congestion with air traffic reduction the report misses out on a vital strategy .
It can be compared to rearranging buckets under the tap to stop a flood without considering the possibility of at least turning down the tap a little to reduce the flow of water .
