on other kinds of non-permanent contract .
The problem of precarious work is rife among women , especially in the services sector and agriculture , and effective measures are urgently needed to change this situation .
Women who return to work after maternity leave must have the assurance that they can actively rejoin the job market .
Unfortunately , we could have endorsed this report in its entirety if it did not promote policies to integrate female workers from outside the European Union at the expense of European citizens .
I believe the Union 's institutions are ready to give a positive response for the EU economy .
When the legislation that we are about to adopt is fully in force , roughly EUR 180 billion will be put back into circulation , which means stimulating growth and innovation initiatives in favour of SMEs .
Therefore , it should not be difficult to pay its creditors punctually .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to thank Mrs Weiler for the excellent work she has done .
Madam President , Mr Tajani , Mrs Weiler , ladies and gentlemen , I am very pleased and proud to have contributed to the adoption of this directive on behalf of the Committee on Legal Affairs .
They can bring about a terrible chain reaction with major social repercussions which , in the end , may sometimes backfire on the public authority which gave rise to this trail of damage , through increases in prices , costs and , consequently , spending .
We cannot sit back , however , as someone suggested , but must make sure that these rules are adopted quickly by the Member States , which have 24 months at most to do so , although we hope some of them may take less time .
Sludge catastrophe in Hungary ( debate ) I would like to express my appreciation for the important contribution that this work will make in identifying a set of measures to be taken to overcome the current crisis and prevent the possibility of further crises .
We must look beyond and consider the past in order to implement the structural changes that will make our small and medium-sized enterprises more competitive and able to face up to the greater pressure that will come from a globalised environment .
This interinstitutional agreement between Parliament and the Commission satisfies - as far as is possible in a complex and continually evolving system like the European Union 's - some requests legitimately put forward by Parliament regarding the European Commission .
In particular , the supervisory and interrogatory role of Parliament should be appreciated , as it helps reduce the so-called democratic deficit and makes the relationship between citizens and the Commission more transparent .
The framework agreement is of great importance since it defines the relationships between Parliament and the Commission at a time when Parliament has obtained greater powers , particularly in the legislative process , now at the same level as the Council .
Therefore , in order to promote their financial probity , it is important to ensure the smooth interaction of the various services responsible for supervision of financial matters , especially in EU delegations .
For the first time since the Treaty of Lisbon entered into force , the European budget has been adopted on a single reading .
I agree with the re-established ceilings in relation to the cuts made by the Council .
The institutions must therefore encourage births by means of an appropriate family support policy .
Recognition of equality is complete when certain rights are also extended to fathers , allowing family undertakings to be shared in the most appropriate manner , and when flexibility of organisation is left up to each family .
The vote for a legislative motion for a resolution amending Directive 92/8 5/EEC was taken not only to support new and better measures for the safety and health at work of pregnant workers and workers who have recently given birth or are breastfeeding but also , more generally , to support new measures to promote a better work-life balance .
Women are frequently perceived to be 'at risk ' or 'second choice ' individuals given their high probability of becoming pregnant or taking maternity leave .
I agree with the communication that considers children 's rights to be a priority of the Union and calls on Member States to observe the United Nations Convention on the Rights of the Child and its optional protocols as well as the Millennium Development Goals .
With today 's decision , the European Parliament has shown that it no longer wants women who are on the horns of a dilemma but women who are free and aware of their role in our society .
Being able to count on prompt payment means guaranteeing these enterprises stability , growth , job creation and investments .
The late payment problem is particularly keenly felt in Italy , where public authorities take 128 days on average to make payments as opposed to a European average of 67 days .
When this directive is applied , at least we will avoid many cases where companies are forced out of business due to debt caused by other public or private operators .
My focus is on the SMEs that represent an essential part of the European market in creating wealth and jobs .
In administrative terms , appropriate preparation is required for the correct financial management of public bodies , beginning with the ratio between liabilities and expenditure , so that tax revenues and , hence , the people , are not weighed down by burdens such as interest payments which could have a significant effect on public finances .
Among the many proposals contained in the Small Business Act , the one regarding amendment of Directive 2000/35/EC was among the most urgent , in my opinion .
