States of the European Union , the candidate countries and the countries of the European Free Trade Association , at both national and regional levels .
The study I referred to before states that the headings can be improved since some of them lead to confusion .
There is a validated detection method for this genetically-modified organism which will make it possible to trace and label in accordance with the current rules .
This procedure does not authorise the Commission to act against a majority in the Council .
We are all aware , for example , that there is also fraud in the use of hormones .
They can use any of the varieties .
Furthermore , I defend farmers who opt for traditional agriculture , with selected , traditional and natural products which , furthermore , uses traditional fertilisers which prevent the introduction of chemical substances or genetically-modified organisms .
Likewise , in the new proposal we are preparing , we are , moreover , trying to respond to the objections raised to self-assistance from the points of view both of safety and of social protection and the environment .
Having said that , we must be clear : do we or do we not want to promote maritime traffic and transport ?
Throughout all this time we have held discussions with the sectors .
I do not intend to fail to present anything and leave outstanding issues for my successor just because I am leaving .
We were , however , discussing all the issues .
It is not a question of a captain of a ship suddenly entering any old port without a pilot .
So there have certainly been consultations and talks .
It is also a guarantee that employment legislation is respected .
According to the calculations of many NGOs , between 100 000 and 350 000 people may die as a result of a generalised famine .
That is the greatest risk , the greatest difficulty : not knowing how to confront this terrible risk on the basis of our principles , convictions and values .
Terrorism is essentially about fear , it generates fear .
In summary , ladies and gentlemen , I believe we have a moral duty of the highest order .     Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , ‘It was our principles that lead us to confront terrorism with determination and without concessions , because it represents the greatest denial of individual freedoms , since it is an attack on the very foundations of democratic co-existence , because we must defend ourselves against those whose fundamental aim is our destruction . ’ I have borrowed these words from a victim of terrorism who spoke them last week in Berlin before a sensitive and committed audience .
So I would like to express my total and determined condemnation of this event which degrades the human condition in the extreme .
It worries us , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , that you have said that the Council interprets these events simply as sad news and that you said yesterday in the Committee on Foreign Affairs that the Council has decided that the best thing was to do nothing , proof , I believe , of the impotence of the European Union .
I would like to end , Mr President , by acknowledging , on behalf of my political group , Mr Patten – I attended Mr Patten 's hearing as coordinator for my group when he was appointed Commissioner – and thank him for always being available and for his constantly positive and constructive attitude towards this Parliament .     .
It is not therefore a question of discussing what is not subject to discussion , because that is in the current Treaty and is going to be in the future Constitution .
Firstly , the need to place more emphasis on the level of indebtedness and on the sustainability of public finances throughout the process of monitoring the evolution of those public finances in each of the Member States .
Equal treatment for the different Members States is thereby guaranteed , regardless of their differing situations in terms of the sustainability of their public accounts .
Firstly , the current definition of exceptional circumstances included in the Stability and Growth Pact can be improved , allowing a country not be included in the excessive deficit procedure , despite being above the 3 % of deficit , if it has been in a prolonged situation of growth beneath its potential level .
We cannot choose to increase the room for manoeuvre in the two simultaneously in an uncontrolled manner .
And the Stability Pact , which is now ten years old , was conceived on the basis of a degree of mistrust towards certain countries which appeared incapable of passing the exam .
What we were saying yesterday about the Stability Pact is still true today .
And if it is a pact against the governments and in favour of the citizens – and in this regard I agree with what the chairperson of the committee has said – you will have the support of my group in enhancing the powers of the Commission , against the Council , and the powers of Parliament , as representative of the citizens , to defend that budgetary stability , which will provide the citizens with lower prices , lower interest rates for their mortgages and will help to guarantee that we will have resources in the future to attend to the needs of our pensioners and that we will not have squandered those resources by paying interest and paying off debt .
They do not remain in force for no good reason , but because one of the objectives of the Economic and Monetary Union must continue to be budgetary stability as a condition for the effectiveness of the extremely important political decision we took when launching the Economic and Monetary Union and , in particular , the creation of the single currency .
