As a consequence , factories are not only closing in Europe , but also in Sri Lanka , in Pakistan , in Morocco and in the entire Mediterranean area .
In our view , there is no need to be afraid of a debate on Turkey ; on the contrary , such a debate is needed , and it is important to keep the protocol issue separate from the more general issue that we will be debating in the second September part-session .
To conclude , in relation to the situation of the two members of parliament and the NGOs , we call for a letter from our President ; as regards the situation in Belarus , we call for a new debate , perhaps in a forthcoming plenary session , so as to put greater pressure on both the Council and the Commission .
It is clear that , when one addresses the situation on the ground , all the necessary measures need to be carried out on the ground .
That is due to the fact that its rules are stricter than those imposed by the International Civil Aviation Organisation ( ICAO ) internationally ; the fact that standardisation and aircraft control issues are now entrusted entirely to the European Aviation Safety Agency ; and the prospect that we shall also be dealing with air freight organisations and crews in the fairly near future .
We have to take this road , so that even the Member States understand that the sooner they transfer their powers to the European Union in this field , the better it will be for everybody and the more effectively action can be taken .
Changing direction means placing rights , and not just profits , at the heart of the strategy .
I should like to add , however , Commissioner , without just restating what other Members have already said , that I hope that all this really will be included in a programme with greater strategic scope , so that Europe may play a leading role on the world stage in the area of air safety as well .
For these very reasons , I believe that it is fundamentally important to propose and plan a reinforcement of the financial framework , but we also place considerable emphasis on the success of this proposal , including the section relating to an increase in the cofinancing ceilings , which are essential in promoting a decisive and determining aspect of the programme : an upgraded role for partnership .
In fact , television determines the cultural , intellectual and ethical environment of every country , and that in turn determines its degree of democracy .     Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , this report , which is quite balanced , emphasises certain problems and issues that are a concern for anyone who grasps – as we independent supporters of a Europe of the peoples do – the danger , plain for all to see , of a globalisation whose negative effects are to be seen , above all , in terms of culture .
This is confirmed by the type of message and values or , to put it another way , lack of values that are disseminated through systems for the production and broadcasting of television’s message , which are squeezing our own production and suffocating the free expression of independent producers .
We need appropriate counter-measures .
We therefore also confirm today that – while we appreciate the speech by Mr Lewis , with its openness and the delicacy of its expression – all this needs to be translated into definite choices .
Does it mean that these policies are vital , but must be implemented by the national governments alone ?
We are worried and disappointed , but we continue to ask for more reflection on your part and we await , Commissioner , more determined pressure from the European Commission .
As a member of the Committee on Development , I visited , together with Mrs Morgantini , the chairman , Mr Deva , the rapporteur , and other Members , the areas hit by the tsunami , and in particular the Indonesian region of Banda Aceh .
Europe , the European Union , I say again , and this is a matter of fact , does not have any competence to obtain authority or to require a reply on the criteria that govern inclusion in this no-fly list .
Pursuant to the legislation of the United States , such an authority is and will be responsible for all cases of contravention of the rules on proper handling of personal data .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , I believe that the term ‘respect’ for Parliament signifies sincere and transparent confrontation .
We also said , however , to the German authorities in our reply , and also of course to Mr Wuermeling , that , even though overall the 2004 circular seems to be in line with the Common Consular Instructions , clarifications , specifications and improvements in drafting are necessary in the text of the circular in force , adopted in 2004 .
In addition , as you said , this is not a German issue in a narrow sense , but concerns the need to ensure that all consulates in all the European Union Member States prevent the entry on a properly issued visa of anyone who cannot demonstrate that they fulfil the legal requirements laid down by the Common Instructions .
For this reason it is important for the Commission to agree to set up a European toll-free number to supply information on existing filtering systems that can also simplify the submission of complaints to the relevant authorities and the reporting of dangerous sites .
On the other hand , it is also vital not to slow down but in fact to speed up the process of development