It is probable that these negotiations and the agreements which were then entered into also contain a clause about the circumstances in which individual states may cancel these agreements .
However , there was one measure which I clearly missed , namely that we were willing to take measures with regard to arms exports or the export of weapon parts to India and Pakistan .
It is a serious situation which demands a response and action from the outside world .
Mr President , I would like to draw the attention of the Bureau to defects in the text of the report we are now debating .
It could also upset the stability of state finances .
Mr President , I think that this report contains a lot of good things .
I think Parliament should have called for the minutes of these meetings to be published as soon as possible .
A very simple way to overcome this , Mr President , is to impose an obligation on banks to report to the authorities in the capital owner 's home country that this income exists , so that they can be taxed .
However , I think we should perhaps have pointed out that to get a definitive solution to this problem we need a global agreement , otherwise there is a risk that capital owners will move their capital from one of the Union 's tax havens to a tax haven outside the Union .
For example , it cannot handle the high-speed transfer of multimedia required for the Internet via mobile telephones , as shown here .
We know it is important for the Member States to adopt a common standard and to be able to act jointly at the next meeting to be held by International Telecommunications Union this autumn , at which the decision is going to be made .
A fair amount has been said about licensing .
Instead we should be able to oversee a royalty system which gradually gives them the ability to pay .
In this way the consumers will gain access to new services and new products .
It is that kind of expenditure , more than any other , which is associated with 'the people 's Europe ' , the theme of the British Presidency .
We all know that it is not easy to achieve anything at the European level , as this is something which is supposed to be both a national and an 'EU-wide ' affair .
My own country , unfortunately , exports parts of weapons to India .
The crisis behind it is of course Kashmir .
Mr President , first of all I would like to say that I agree with Mr Dupuis .
While Great Britain was governed by the Tories , there was opposition to capital punishment becoming a joint concern for the European Union .
We are , in fact , the strongest force in the world driving the question of capital punishment , which is greatly to our credit .
The fact is , Mr President , that Europe 's fight against capital punishment is an expression of the humanism and culture which now characterises our continent , much to our own credit .
We do not understand why the majority of this House do not share our view on two points .
If he or she has the same material and knows that he or she faces a criminal , it is then in all normal legal practice the duty of that prosecutor to commence prosecution .
Mr President , I would like to point to a very important question concerning the Baltic Sea , and that is the ruthless exploitation of wild salmon .
The salmon is born in the Swedish rivers in Norrland - the Northern region .
Issuing EU approved limits and bans on fishing for sport on certain rivers , as has been done up to now , has merely symbolic value , whilst overfishing with driftnets is allowed at the same time .
These are , therefore , important questions to bring up at the next meeting of the Baltic Commission and an issue which the environmental groups in Sweden and Finland are pushing for extremely hard .
Bearing in mind the vulnerability of the Baltic Sea , and that the situation there may suddenly be altered , the proposal to review the regulation before the year 2003 is positive .
Mr Kindermann suggests that a modicum of industrial fisheries can be accepted , provided this does not conflict with fisheries for human consumption .
Mr President , first of all I would like to emphasize once again that Baltic herring in the Baltic Sea in fact is Baltic herring and not the same as the herring we are talking about here in this House .
There seem to have been some problems with the translation .
I know that the Commissioner is very familiar with this matter .
As the price of Baltic herring for direct human consumption is higher , as much as possible goes to direct human consumption .
It is the freedom we should safeguard , not the rules .
Once upon a time , those who did not see the new age wanted to smash Gutenberg 's printing press .
Now we are facing the second reformation in that citizens are able to obtain knowledge and information and become more and more independent of authorities and states .
The report complements the Commission 's line by wanting to investigate the legal aspects of harmful and illegal material on the Internet .
It is a global and international medium .
Finally , I would like to welcome the understanding which has been shown with regard to avoiding compulsory systems .
However , it is the authorities ' task to combat and suppress criminality wherever it appears , whether it is with the help of the