I note in particular that the EU is now at last treating the CO2 issue seriously , and is taking an active responsibility for avoiding the threat of climate change .
However , I wish to make it quite clear that the maximum use of renewable energy sources can only be ensured if Member States continue to be allowed to pursue an independent energy policy , based on their own circumstances and conditions .
In the light of the subsidiarity principle , it is important that international cooperation should only serve to eliminate the obstacles which exist , so that the Member States themselves can implement a national energy plan with ambitious energy goals .
In the Commission 's initiative , I do not see the general population being involved as players .
The Green Paper 's section on strategy is unfortunately not up to the same standard as the excellent analytical section which precedes it .
The target of 12 % for renewable energy by 2010 is better than nothing , but why not aim for the European Parliament 's own recommendation of 15 % ?
A better level of energy utilization would provide the same environmental improvements as greater use of renewable energy sources , and should therefore be presented as just as important a part of the EU 's renewable energy strategy .
I am afraid that the same thing will happen with renewable energy sources as with small and medium-sized enterprises .
Everyone talks about them , but no one makes a serious effort when it really counts .
We always end up with systems which support the established order of things .
Just think if we were to make the same effort with renewable energy sources as with fusion power .
The Commission 's Green Paper is a starting-point , but now it needs to be followed up , and we must ensure that renewable energy sources do not once again come to grief in practice .
We must therefore insist that China 's discrimination against Denmark and the Netherlands is regarded as an attack on the EU as a whole , and is replied to as such .
If China succeeds in bullying and intimidating the European countries one by one so that they bow their heads in silence , then that will be a step backwards for human rights in the world .
We expressed criticism , at the right time and in the right place , of the notorious injustices which are taking place , as the EU countries have done together year after year since 1990 , and it was not our fault that there were some who did not wish to join in this time .
The greatest enemy of peace and freedom is the policy of intimidation , which buys short-term peace at the expense of truth and justice .
It is important that the EU does not turn in on itself .
However , I do not have the same favourable attitude towards the call for the creation of a formalized ' Europe of the regions and municipalities ' .
The nation states still have a monopoly in terms of taxes , but with greater funding of regional cooperation , it will increasingly be the EU which distributes Member States ' tax revenues to the regions .
Already , too many decisions are being taken in the EU and implemented at district and county level .
In this border area , the ' Euroregion Slesvig ' has been strongly criticized , because of fears of undue dominance of the area by both the Federal Republic and the EU.
I share this scepticism .
In Denmark , it is the parliament and government which decide on external policy , and not the individual counties .
The county of South Jutland , which forms the Danish part of the border area , is not an EU municipality , but a county of Denmark .
In historical terms , there has been a great deal of conflict over the Danish-German border .
We are good neighbours who have a low fence with many openings , but we take our own decisions for ourselves , and respect those taken by the other side .
We believe that cross-border cooperation can only be successful if there is complete acceptance that such cooperation requires agreement between the two parties .
It is sufficient for them to meet and work out their agreement .
People call this decentralization , and say they want to bring EU cooperation closer to the people .
Cross-border cooperation is , in my view , both important and necessary , and extremely exciting and challenging .
But I do not believe that we shall have a better or more democratic form of government by drawing down the curtain on the nation states .
I believe in a Europe with a variety of different countries , not a new European superpower .
If borders go , they will not simply be removed - they will have to be torn away .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , it is very welcome that it looks as if we shall be able to agree at this part-session in Brussels on two issues concerning safety at sea .
However , I should like to emphasize - as Mr Watts has also done - that we in Parliament 's Committee on Transport are pleased at the cooperation which has taken place with the Commission , and in particular Mr Kinnock , on the question of safety at sea .
There are still many accidents at sea , and many people are still losing their lives .
We therefore need to work to improve maritime safety ; in other words , safety has still not been assured .
If the will exists , however , we can take positive steps and achieve more and more good results .
And I think that is what we are doing with