I would also like to congratulate all the members of the Committee on Fisheries for the work they have done .
I believe that the European Commission has also been able to meet the demands of the circumstances , and I would like to acknowledge that here : the use of the flexibility instrument and the EUR 197 million it proposes for funding demonstrate this .
However , we are running the risk that applying this action plan - whose implementation next year is welcomed by all of us - will be like putting a small sticking plaster onto a large gaping wound .
Madam President , with regard to the amendment tabled by the Chairperson of the Committee on Budgets , I support the proposal made by our rapporteur and , also , in agreement with what the Commission said , I would like to say that we have always spoken about this proposal from the point of view of fisheries and we do not involve ourselves with the budgetary aspects .
Now I will move on to my speech on this report .
To not do this would be to open the floodgates which would quickly exhaust the fund in question .
This was the text agreed by all of the groups according to a document given to the Presidency by the spokesperson for international relations from the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance .
This being the case , what the resolution is aiming to achieve is , first and foremost , to show solidarity with the communities affected and with the human victims of the consequences of this hurricane .
Mr President , with regard to Cuba , the phrase we have added can be interpreted by the various political parties as they see fit .
We also have to acknowledge the fact that in Cuba there have not been so many victims thanks to the very quick reaction and very good organisation of the public authorities serving both the general public and tourists .
We have only asked this of Cuba .
This is where we fall down , due to the pitiful lack of a similar agreement with the Republic of Cuba .
Mr President , we hope that the dialogue , without preconditions and without the exclusion of any particular subject from the agenda , that appears to have been re-initiated with the meeting this Monday in New York between the President of the Council and the Cuban Chancellor , will soon bear fruit and led to the signing of a cooperation treaty that will benefit Cuba and that will allow the European Union to act under normal conditions , with a greater degree of efficiency and with more influence in their relations with this country .
I know that we ask a great deal of the European Commission , but it is also true to say that the European Parliament is very sensitive to the situation in countries in Central America - as stated previously - as it is with countries in the Mediterranean .
I hope it can also manage to be at the Union ' s political centre .
Secondly , I also think that it is significant that you speak about the dual democratic legitimacy of the Union , because it currently seems as if civil society has nothing to do with MEPs or with members of the Member State parliaments .
There are two points in Declaration No 23 , for which the Commission has full jurisdiction , the simplification of the Treaties and the division of competences .
But our actions must also show that we have learned from our mistakes and shortcomings , and there is a very serious shortcoming for which the European Union should accept responsibility , and I think that at Laeken an important step could be taken by making defence one of the issues we should address in the Convention and which are to be incorporated into the Treaties .
Negotiations on enlargement will mean that a longstanding dream of many Europeans becomes reality .
This is not true .
Therefore , Members of the Council , there is no need to be afraid of the Convention .
In the proposal that you , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , have sent to the capitals there are still 16 MEPs , but there are 120 members of the Convention .
It means final support for the resulting text .
But what indication ?
What we have to do here is to establish the legislative competences of the European Institutions , and make it clear that , of all the European Institutions , it is the organ of popular representation , the European Parliament , that holds the mandate for this popular representation .
As is the Convention .
I would like to highlight the words of Mr Méndez de Vigo : it would be incredible to keep the same number of representatives of the European Parliament as in the Convention that had the task of drawing up the Charter of Fundamental Rights , when the total number of participants in the next Convention will increase significantly .
Madam President , I think that today our thoughts should focus on the basics , which are the good fortune and responsibility of living in democratic States governed by the rule of law .
These three methods also respond to the principles upon which Europe has been constructed .
When a man and a woman are murdered in Beasaín , as happened last week , for example , each and every one of us is affected , and it is not reasonable to ask the elected representatives of a democracy , Mr Watson , to have to debate under the threat of death .
In September 2000 , one year ago , the vast majority of MEPs signed a written declaration requesting the methods that today have been submitted for our