as an Irish president-in-office , as an Irishman , and show not one iota of sensitivity , when you ought to be more sensitive than others about such things , and give an answer like that !
Yet along comes a woman , all dressed up , along comes an Islamist , and you give them the customs union and the MEDA programme with large amounts of funding .
Can you do that ?
Mr President , on behalf of the Socialist Group I can say that the report on the Community 's position in the Customs Union Joint Committee presents no special difficulties and can be supported provided the amendments are adopted .
In addition to continuing with violations , it is persisting with provocative political claims against Greece and Cyprus - the one a Member State and the other a candidate for accession to the Union .
In that regard , Mr President , I think that it would be advisable for the Council and Commission to keep us informed about the progress of implementation of the customs union with Turkey , particularly now when the government of the new prime minister of Turkey has expressed reservations about the customs union , whereas previously it supported a renegotiation of the agreement .
Kutlu Adali , who was murdered under mysterious circumstances a few days ago , was one of the moderate Turkish Cypriots and his murder was clearly a political act , bearing in mind his activities and the nature of the Denktash regime .
It is indicative of the violence of the regime that prevails in the occupied areas that among a population of 160 , 000 , approximately 35 , 000 are soldiers or security forces , in other words one in five of the citizens , as the President , Mrs Green told us , is under arms .
Mr President , on behalf of the Members of PASOK I wish to raise a separate matter .
Not only does Turkey 's conduct violate every legal precept ; it also constitutes a violation of the customs union agreement to which it and we are signatories .
Nevertheless , there are four or five points in connection with the report that I regard as particularly important and that I feel that I ought to mention .
Secondly , I think that more emphasis needs to be placed on the trans-European element in the implementation of the structural funds via support for cooperative actions between regions and Member States as a means to bringing the regions and , indeed , the citizens of Europe into closer involvement .
I believe , also , that the on-the-spot checks carried out by the Commission to verify that projects are being correctly executed should be extended and made more stringent in order to ensure swifter and better realization of projects that are funded through the Community budget .
Mr President , there is one thing that unites the rapporteur and me and one thing that separates us .
The thing that unites us is our origin .
And , indeed , I have to say that Mr Klironomos has produced a text that I would not have produced .
Greece is lagging behind in terms of development and has the lowest GDP of the 15 countries , and in striving for convergence , as it has to do , it needs to obtain money - which is available through the CSF - without putting pressure on the deficit or fuelling inflation .
However , I feel obliged to say that the delay in the take-up of the CSF appropriations is a source of worry to me .
In my view , efforts should be concentrated on three areas .
In order to be able to proceed with greater speed and transparency we need to look at what has been done in other countries where things are going well .
Madam President , I should like to begin by congratulating and thanking the rapporteur for the report that we are now debating .
At the same time , developments in society the length and breadth of Europe , which of late have been very profound or come with great rapidity , have clearly altered the needs of the citizen .
They are obviously directed in the main at working people who are under-privileged and their real value will show in areas of deprivation .
There is Article 10 of the Regional Fund .
Mr President , I am speaking for my Group , since its chairman cannot be here at this time for reasons beyond his control .
The issue is different under the urgency procedure : in that case the Cyprus problem stands alone because of the murders that took place in the middle of August .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to thank the President-in-Office of the Council for having the courage to remind Parliament about something we have forgotten , namely that the basic problem relating to the European Union 's economic performance is its low level of competitiveness .
The requisite structural changes are not being implemented consistently and with coordination , and while some governments are courageously taking the necessary though often unpopular measures towards financial discipline , society 's reactions are dissuading other governments from progressing towards a true convergence of the economies of the Member States .
Low rates of development are perpetuating serious social problems , especially that of unemployment , and many of us - even here in Parliament - are seriously considering a reduction of working hours as a panacea for that problem , and instead of trying to make Europe more investment-friendly , inspiring it with a spirit of development and making its human potential more capable of meeting the challenges of new technology and competition , we are seeing how best to share out human misery and indigence more fairly