serve out their punishments .
For these reasons , the signal sent by the European Parliament is vitally important : the Camp Ashraf residents have a right to be protected and not to be handed over , under any circumstances , to the Iranian regime .
I voted for Mrs Jeleva 's report on the United Nations Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities , responsibility for which will , for the first time , be shared by the Community and its Member States , as it defends respect for dignity and individual autonomy and promotes non-discrimination , inclusion in society and acceptance of persons with disabilities as part of human diversity .
I therefore congratulate the rapporteur , Mrs Ludford , on her initiative and on the opportunity that this has given us to start this debate , based on this report which I feel is fairly balanced and respects the commitments negotiated between us .
I believe it is important to change consumption and production habits , without this leading to significant additional costs for both companies and households .
I voted for this report on the taxation of savings income in the form of interest payments , because it reinforces the principles of transparency and fiscal justice .
That is the problem to which no solution is being given .
Mr President , we propose including on the agenda a debate on the reform of the common fisheries policy , bearing in mind the presentation by the European Commission on 22 April of the Green Paper on the reform of this important common policy , and also bearing in mind the profound implications for this strategic sector and for fishermen of some of the proposals contained in that Green Paper .
The main aims of my proposed amendments are : firstly , to reinforce the rights of female workers during pregnancy , after birth and while breastfeeding ; secondly , to promote the reconciliation of professional , family and private life ; and thirdly , to help Europeans who want to have children to do so , thereby increasing the birth rate .
Whereas , for example , in Sweden , a man who does not share the parental leave is regarded by society as a poor father , in the countries of southern Europe , the reverse is true : fathers are coerced by employers and work colleagues into not taking the leave to which they are legally entitled .
Women 's personal lives are scrutinised and they end up losing out if they exhibit the natural desire to be mothers .
Mrs Madeira has tried to ensure real equality for pregnant workers and any women of childbearing age in terms of accessing and remaining in the labour market .
The increase from six to twelve months is therefore simply good sense .
Madam President , Commissioner , I am shocked at the European Commission 's position on my proposal for paternity leave .
Commissioner , and members of the Group of the European People 's Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats , motherhood and fatherhood are eminent social values which must be respected and brought together .
I am very surprised at this position , Commissioner .
Madam President , we welcome the lack of agreement between the European Parliament and the Council on the amendment of the Directive on the organisation of working time , because what was proposed was worse than what currently exists , in relation to both the average working day and on-call time .
We will also continue to promote the health and safety at work of workers and the reconciliation of work and family life .
Defence of the immunity and privileges of Umberto Bossi ( 4 .
I believe that the treatment of poultrymeat with decontaminating substances is not acceptable and I therefore argued for treatment by refrigeration .
Transparency is a fundamental principle of the European Union .
In fact , the majority of the amendments requested by Parliament , in its April 2006 resolution , were not taken into account , as is the case , for example , with the proposals concerning the possibility of the EP exercising its right of democratic scrutiny through access to sensitive documents .
The proposal for a directive represented a backward step in terms of the current situation , both as regards genuine self-employed workers and 'false ' self-employed workers , and as regards current working hours , particularly night work .
This is the best possible response to yet another attempt to intensify competition and the exploitation of road transport workers , thereby threatening their labour rights and road safety .
Within the Community , Sweden , Finland and the United Kingdom ( Scotland ) engage in a small-scale seal hunt , mainly for fish stock management and pest control reasons .
The new directive will make it compulsory to carry out ethical reviews and will require that experiments where animals are used be subject to authorisation .
Environmental issues and in particular energy efficiency are assuming new importance and becoming fundamental to tackling climate change .
The European Commission 's current forecasts , which point to a fall in GDP of around 4 % this year , with stabilisation only in 2010 , accompanied by a loss of 8.5 million jobs over these two years and a prediction that the unemployment rate will reach around 11 % , are very serious and demonstrate the ineffectiveness of the measures taken to date .
We need to create jobs with rights for young people , women and the unemployed , increase the purchasing power of the population , stimulate demand and support micro , small and medium-sized enterprises .
The EU is trying to 'hide the sun with a sieve ' , but it is clear how much responsibility it holds for the constant deterioration in living conditions of the general public and workers