the world .
Our objectives must be not only to evaluate the progress made by the various partner countries in the field of human rights but also to achieve a coherent balance between countries and regions , above all preventing unfair results , comparative injustices and the treatment of these countries and regions with double standards , all of which we saw in Geneva .
I should furthermore like to ask Parliament 's services to bear in mind that the original text is in Spanish and to revise the other versions , because there are some differences in the finer points of meaning .
This is not true .
What is more , this Parliament , as you are well aware , is totally prepared to defend its rights so that amending budgets continue to exist in the current procedure , in their current form and with Parliament 's current rights .
However , in this case we are talking about a different kind of surplus .
Therefore , essentially , to have to give back this money as it is is a lost opportunity .
The effort needed for 2003 will perhaps be greater .
We already know that the first few years of the implementation of regional and cohesion policy , the programming phase , takes up a great deal of time , resources and energy .
I believe , Madam Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , that Parliament 's amendments have no other purpose than to temporarily slow down a saving that , to a large extent , is of a transitory nature for the Member States and does not aim to hinder the management of financial flows in Member States , but to remedy a situation that is neither politically nor financially reasonable .
The differences are still very significant , and although we have made some progress in reconciling professional and family life , we have not been able to achieve greater task sharing within the family , which would allow women to dedicate themselves more professionally to their work .
Therefore , we call for innovative measures and specific actions aimed at better representation for women in all areas of employment , in the professional field , with better task-sharing between men and women , and improved reconciliation between professional and family life .
In the Minutes of the Turin European Council we notice that , if Europe were to advance only in the economic and monetary fields , its success would not be guaranteed - I am quoting from memory here - because we would be forgetting the most important thing Europe has : its citizens .
I feel we have to welcome the fact that the Member States can have a longer period of time , until 2010 , to apply the precautionary measures , as well as special consideration for the agricultural and forestry sectors , which in many Member States include a collection of small and very small companies , which have longer still to implement the measures , until 2014 .
Therefore , I ask you to take note of this , if Parliament takes this approach .
We therefore also ask , within the framework of the reform of the fisheries policy , for the introduction of uniform criteria and objectives to measure the capacity and the segmentation of the fleets of the Member States , as well as the creation of a system for the inclusion and exclusion of vessels in the registers in order to guarantee that capacity does not increase .
Furthermore , it is the case that the current legislative process in relation to asylum is being carried out in an illogical and disordered fashion .
With regard to schooling for minors , I believe that it should not go beyond what the Member States can guarantee for their own citizens .
Despite all of this , I would like to end , Mr President , by expressing my satisfaction at the references that appear in my report , thanks also to the opinion issued by the Committee on Legal Affairs , to the effect that the terrorist activity of asylum seekers should be a cause for a restriction of their right to acceptance .
At the moment a radical transformation is taking place of the whole problem of international migration , in the sense that , as well as real political asylum , we are also seeing economic asylum .
The miracle he called for will probably not take place , but that will not be because he has not tried to reach an agreement ; he also knows that on some issues I personally was prepared to do so .
But , on the other hand , we also revealed what our weaknesses and limitations were and how far we were willing to go .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the Commission , like the European Parliament , generally attaches great importance to the transparency of its activities and therefore to the rules on access to documents laid down in Regulation (EC ) No 1049/2001 .
I would therefore ask once again for a spirit of compromise , both on the part of the Council and on the part of Parliament , so that , before the summer , we can finally resolve this issue .
Amendment No 16 , which has the Commission 's support , deserves a special mention .
The first is aimed at increasing the number of airports exempt from harmonised Community rules , by raising the threshold for the size of aircraft .
Therefore , the Commission formally rejects Amendments Nos 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 7 , 9 , 10 , 11 and 12 , although it is willing to examine the issues raised from a broader point of view , including the need for greater organisation in the field of the funding of investments in air security