It is also important to cooperate with other lenders and funding agencies , such as the IMF and the European Investment Bank , and to involve the new institutions , the banking system , the central bank and so forth in Bosnia-Herzegovina .
It can also be a good reform - everything depends on how it is set up , implemented and controlled .
Obviously a new Commission should be appointed as quickly as possible so that work can be resumed .
Consequently , this raises the question of whether the Commission has its fingers in too many pies .
I am impressed by the speed and efficiency with which the committee of experts has carried out its work .
It is a necessary step , albeit a difficult one to take , since it is hard to see how to resolve the problems when one is deeply involved in the work and the procedures .
Mr President , the Social Democrats must bear a large part of the responsibility for the institutional crisis in which the EU now finds itself .
In our present situation , we need a new Commission whose mandate will last until the year 2000 to take over before the European elections in June .
Any other solution would not be understood by the voters .
Whatever the different governments may say , the new Commission 's mandate should last only until the end of the year .
The importance of the role of the European Parliament in this process stands out clearly .
A new proposal for a Statute for Members of the European Parliament has been submitted to the Council of Ministers for approval .
We should like to see the procedures speeded up , for example by having regular three-monthly Commission meetings on these issues , a six-month time-limit , and so on .
We know that Parliament approved the guidelines set out in Mrs Palacio Vallelersundi 's proposal for better Community legislation .
The written language should be made more user-friendly .
Consequently , civil society should also participate in laying the foundations that underpin the decisions taken at global level .
One hundred and fifty Nordic organisations have taken the initiative and said that if talks are to continue on an MAI agreement in the WTO , they must take place under the auspices of the UN in order to give them legitimacy .
I should just like to add that , in my view , NATO should delay its bombing campaign so as to allow the issue to be discussed by the UN Security Council .
On the other hand , it is important to ensure that police cooperation stops short of effectively placing national police forces under EU command or making them subject to supranational decisions .
In the long run , as Europol continues to develop , there is also a risk of duplicating the work of Interpol .
The amendment is commendable in every way and highlights the importance of adhering to the relevant Council of Europe convention .
It is possible to record a great deal of sensitive personal data .
In my view , it should be a basic requirement that registration applies only to those people who have been convicted or are suspected of having committed a crime .
It is essential that the labour market partners are included in the cooperation process from the outset in order to reinforce employability , since the whole point of education is to have a job at the end .
I think that in reality it would be somewhat challenging to deal on the same day with both the departure of the Commission and the Leonardo da Vinci programme , which was in fact one of the main reasons for its resignation because of the fraud , nepotism and mismanagement associated with the programme .
Consequently , I decided to vote in favour in the final vote .
The report should be seen as a step on the road towards increased coordination of criminal law in the EU , which is something that is desirable .
It includes all our main prerequisites from a legal point of view .
Such an approach ought to underlie the strategy which the Commission is drawing up .
We therefore regard the development of less addictive alternatives to methadone as a hopeful sign which should resolve the remaining political difficulties in terms of the way in which the majority in the House views the drugs issue .
The ultimate objective is , of course , the total eradication of all dependency on drugs and pharmaceutical preparations .
I should therefore like to praise , in particular , her perceptiveness as regards the appropriate approach to take in the area of drugs .
Those of us who come from the Nordic countries have succeeded in gaining sympathy for some of the basic common principles we apply in combating drugs-related problems in our countries .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I am scared .
There should be greater harmonisation of civil and criminal law and in defining criminal activities .
It would create havoc if one were to ride roughshod in this way over both the people and national parliaments .
In my view , it prepares the ground for an objective discussion on a future drugs policy .
However , I have to acknowledge that I agree with nearly all the rapporteur 's views , for example that one of the Commissioners should be given the task of trying to find alternatives to imprisonment , which has already been shown to be an unsatisfactory solution to drugs-related problems .
I should like to thank my colleagues in both Parliament and the Commission for that .
I have often been extremely irritated by the fact that we look at recommendations which have been dealt with by a Council working group , but it turns