On this issue , the rapporteur goes even further than the Commission , recommending the creation of new premiums for greater reductions in stocking density .
In other words , I wish to question the admissibility for debate and voting of the report and regulation which we were about to debate .
The Treaties talk about political parties at European level and consider all political parties acting at European level to be of equal standing .
Ladies and gentlemen , poverty in the European Union continues to be of grave concern , with new groups , such as immigrants , falling into this category and new threats of exclusion , amongst which I would highlight 'info-exclusion ' resulting from ongoing inequalities in access to the new technologies .
Furthermore , at the European Council of December this year , at the end of the Belgian Presidency , we are to adopt common indicators for poverty and social exclusion in order to be able to compare the results expected by the Member States from implementing national action plans on social inclusion .
In the proposals that are now being put forward again at second reading , which the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs adopted unanimously on 25 April , the positions which the Commission accepted but which the Council , regrettably , rejected are being adopted once again .
I must also make a reference to some small technical amendments that were introduced , after the services of the President of the sitting pointed out the need for them , to improve the legal quality and the visibility of the text adopted by the Committee on Employment and , at the same time , to enable us to bring our text into line with other texts adopted by Parliament , such as the minor technical amendments to Amendments Nos 10 and 2 , and the new Amendment No 18 .
The issues put to the recently-established committee are extremely wide-ranging and require practical responses under the terms quite rightly laid down by the Commission and by the particularly excellent report that we are now assessing .
Capitalisation must have clearly-defined borders and must be part of the solution , not part of the problem .
Women , men , young people , both boys and girls , and children , some of whom have arrived dead , discovered lifeless on the beaches and rocks of the tragic border between Africa and Europe .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I wish to begin by offering my sincere congratulations to the European Court of Auditors , whose report on olive oil has made another major contribution to the debate on the effectiveness of the system of common organisation of the markets under which the common agricultural policy still operates .
In other words , it encourages higher productivity as a means of increasing farmers ' incomes .
Ancient olive groves and trees play a particularly important role in preserving many species of birds .
The around 1 million new intensive plantations in Andalusia are therefore causing erosion at a rate of 80 million tonnes of soil per year , making this one of the main factors for desertification in the southern Iberian Peninsula .
The European institutions must make the fight against the adulteration of food in areas such as meat , milk , wine and olive oil absolute political priorities , which will inevitably mean overhauling the way in which the CAP operates .
Following the last 'reform ' of the common organisation of the market in the olive oil sector and now that the transitional period has come to an end for the Commission to change the aid system , from aid for production to aid per tree , the Commission has presented its strategy for olive oil quality and is extending the present aid system for a further two years .
We must reject this proposal .
This is a further contribution to a positive climate for the debate on the proposed budget for 2002 .
This would be the equivalent of rehashing the RAL and would not solve the problem .
In the agricultural sector in particular - category 1 - I have paid close attention to the impact of the BSE and foot-and-mouth crises on the budget .
The broad economic guidelines give 15 September as the date for this document to be presented .
I am referring here to Latin America , human rights and the fight against Aids , for example .
It seems quite clear that the resources decided on in Berlin are insufficient .
I would stress that this position complies with the broad economic guidelines .
This is the purpose of the timely proposal by the European Commission , to which can be added the proposals set out in the report by Mrs Schleicher , whom I congratulate on the quality of her work .
That is , we are getting closer to the citizens and strengthening democracy .
As draftsman of the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market , I must express my sincere admiration for the work contained in the report and for Mrs Schleicher 's endeavours .
I would come back , however , to questions of principle , which I believe we should examine thoroughly .
I should also like to take the opportunity to reply politely to Mr Poettering and Mr Barón Crespo .
Besides , it has been mentioned that our concern is to respond to the concerns of a court : the Court of Auditors .
Such crime has accompanied the growing interdependence of economies and technological developments , exploiting the weaknesses in national legal systems which turn their backs on each other , impotent victims of an anachronistic pretension to self-sufficiency .
However , for the rule of law to be strengthened as we would like with the creation of this important instrument of judicial cooperation , it is important that procedural guarantees ,