that his presentation was music to my ears .
Thirdly , he anticipates too a more integrated view of humanitarian aid in foreign policy generally , designed to prevent conflict , which I believe is necessary .
Among the Commission ' s tasks was that of establishing a table of results as a model for comparing the extent to which the relevant measures had been implemented .
If an area is to be designated an area of justice , the rule of law is required to operate there .
This is how the driving force can be produced to push ahead with extending throughout the European Union that dependable area of justice which is the prerequisite of citizens ' being able to move about freely , securely and safely .
Victims ought to receive aid , economic , psychological and social support through State , voluntary and individual contributions throughout the entire European Union .
We must act in accordance with this message and work for change .
The EU' s citizens need a democratic constitution which lists the powers that can be exercised , and in such a way that accountabilities are clear and that the principle of subsidiarity is of proper significance .
If the Group ' s proposals were implemented , the EU would take a decisive step towards being transformed into a State in its own right .
The remaining right of veto is to be taken away and the influence of small countries reduced ; the President of the Commission is to become a sort of Prime Minister in an ever more powerful European Commission , and the EU is to become a military union .
It is a proposal which is directed specifically against the opportunities which Member States and their populations have to wield democratic influence on the EU' s development .
Instead , I consider that each EU country should be able freely to exercise control over its own policy in this area .
It is an enormously dangerous signal which the American Senate has sent out to the world community .
It is important that the European Union should clearly speak its mind to the United States and demand that the present Treaty in fact be ratified .
At the same time , the World Bank and the UNDP are talking of growing poverty , increasing social maladjustment and record youth unemployment in Russia .
It may be that our best intentions where Russia is concerned will in fact run into a lot of difficulties and be threatened by on-going crisis .
We demand that Russia initiate negotiations with Chechnya ' s elected President without unrealistic prior conditions and that the aid which the EU has also promised should actually get through .
Madam President , now that Parliament has voted down Amendment No 443 , we have solved the problem .
We are therefore withdrawing the proposal in Amendment No 10 because we have achieved precisely what we wanted to achieve with this vote .
Quite simply , not enough is being done by the individual Member States .
If the macroeconomic dialogue is to be fruitful and produce results , which is something we all want to happen , and if European countries together are to be able to provide better conditions for new job opportunities , then I am firmly of the view that all Member States without exception must participate in EMU.
In Sweden , there is a debate going on at the moment about whether Sweden , including the Swedish Government , has less influence within the EU because we are at present outside EMU.
To believe that a macroeconomic dialogue can seriously be conducted if some Member States remain outside EMU while the majority of countries are a part of it is , in my view , an illusion which cannot be maintained in the long term .
But it is important that , in future , we should in fact be so .
The roads are not going to become safer and better if those who drive heavy goods vehicles are not alert and wide awake but tired and irritated .
Secondly , it is the rest of us who are going to meet these young junior doctors out in health centres and casualty departments .
Mr President , the working hours in question are those for quite special but , nonetheless , very important areas .
In the case of the mobile professions , for example , there are poor conditions for safety work of a practical and technical nature .
Someone talked of feudal traditions , in which case what is meant is old traditions which force young doctors to work in a way and to a degree that is harmful .
Where agreement breaks down is in the wish to postpone the necessary changes , perhaps for financial or practical reasons .
In fact , we are getting more and more professional groups who are working under mobile conditions , together with more and more individuals in the labour market who have mobile working conditions .
We have to think not only about showing consideration for employees and employers .
This is naturally unacceptable .
We must therefore set limits upon what the general public can be expected to accept in this regard .
Secondly , we are talking about public health .
It is only right that the European Parliament should be urging governments to act more quickly .
In a previous intervention , Mr Skinner took offence at the fact that a certain group , in this case young doctors , had had its case selected for discussion here in the European Parliament and that the debate should be focused upon this group in particular .
The Chinese Authorities have recently introduced a number of reforms in line with the broad principles agreed at the 1992 United Nations World Conference on Environment and Development in Rio