high time the Union Member States assumed their joint responsibility and together approved this temporary status for displaced persons .
We naturally assume here that the Council is where the stumbling block lies in approving the proposal .
Firstly , the human rights of displaced persons must be respected and nobody can be discriminated against .
But we cannot support him on a very important point , namely Amendment No 5 to Article 3 concerning the maximum period during which this regulation would apply .
Already set at five years in the proposal , he advocates further extending it , potentially by another five years .
Various comments are made , but for example the second proposal on financial solidarity in Article 2( 2 ) says : can ask the UNHCR for advice .
I would be very pleased not to see the concept of 'solidarity ' or the sense of the concept of 'solidarity ' disappear , but simply the word .
As soon as a country becomes safe again , all refugees from that country should return . '
Because when a solution is found in Germany which is different to the one found in the Netherlands , then the flows of refugees simply shift .
That is clear .
Thank you very much for the generous extra time .
Which means he has totally rejected Mr Schröder 's advice to follow the IMF rules .
Is there really a food shortage in Russia ?
What must be carefully avoided , and I say this on the basis of fairly close contact with the people in Russia over recent weeks , is that people in Russia , and also Europe , get the idea that this food aid is being used to dump Europe 's surpluses .
My group wants initiatives to be taken which will break the deadlock on nuclear disarmament , certainly now that the world is no longer bipolar and locked in conflict .
Finally , we support the original text which supports the UN resolution , but not the amendments tabled by the Greens .
But none of this should make us blind to the terrible effects of other weapons , of chemical weapons which we also want to see banished from the world .
I know , I am pleased to say , that the European Commission is pursuing an active policy to promote the freedom of the press in the former Yugoslavia .
But there too I am convinced that an international court could do a good job , if only to determine what is political and what is criminal in this case .
My group trusts that the Commission and the Council will take steps to this end .
Financial penalties and imprisonment do not work and banning a racist party only leads to another party being set up under a different name .
That is what I wanted recorded in the Minutes yesterday . '
I think it would be a good idea to extend the voluntary cooperation we already have in our country and a number of other countries between the authorities and those in the market to other countries in Europe .
Yet there are so many other things in Europe which make Europe unique to our citizens .
Think of the lip-service paid , as well as the actual practice of stimulating small and medium-sized enterprises .
I have made a point of asking the Commission in written questions to do that .
I very much hope that the Commission will listen to the tenor of the joint resolution tabled by five of our groups including , of course , the European Liberals .
It is not the first time .
Maybe you picked up a book , a piece of literary beauty which you only find in quality publications .
In other debates , on employment for example , lip-service is paid to protecting small businesses because of their importance for jobs .
I do not regard you as the grand inquisitor , Commissioner .
Because you will not find the poems of Nolens at a news-stand .
The fact that Belgium does not have it has simply facilitated distortions of competition on the part of the Dutch and French book market .
Mr Santer is to make a concrete proposal here as part of Question Time regarding a new anti-fraud instrument for the European Union .
We sort of have a custom nowadays to play to the gallery .
This is quite a major point .
Will it resist ?
They do so both at and away from our committee meetings , and only the day before yesterday both ministers travelled to Brussels to discuss things with the committee .
In short , of the four topics which we have just heard will be raised at the Vienna summit - and in addition to the two I mentioned there are also drugs and organised crime - on not one of these four topics has Parliament been asked to give its opinion .
Slovakia once more features on the map of Europe , following the September elections in which the coalition government which caused us so many difficulties was kicked out .
Slovakia has changed course , towards a normal democratic system in which there is respect for the constitution , acceptance of opposition , a directly elected president , a transparent society with a place for every citizen , including the Hungarian minority which is represented in the new government and , most importantly , where there is an attitude of openness towards the European Union .
These include tackling financial problems , tackling the inefficient banking sector , transparency in the economy and faster adoption of the acquis communautaire .
I should like nothing more , but enlargement is a serious matter , and intentions have to be tested against policy .
The European Union must respond by reassessing it in the spring of 1999