this murky area in which a little law is mixed up with no law at all that gives rise to dubious dealings , tricks , skilful manoeuvres and escape from the authorities .
Consequently , minors accompany the asylum application of the adult and unaccompanied minors are transferred , according to the wording that I propose , to a State where they have any relative willing and able to look after them .
This initiative ensures that we will meet these three objectives and , therefore , I believe that it will be endorsed .
I welcome the efforts made by the rapporteur , Luís Marinho and by Eva Klamt , who have sought to produce a text that is balanced and which fulfils the stated objective .
I hope that the remaining European institutions take due account of this , preparing the necessary measures for the phasing out of refunds for farm exports and ensuring that these refunds are used instead for the purpose laid down by the Treaty , which is to ensure a reasonable standard of living for the rural population .
We therefore urge the Commission to rapidly establish an initiative in this field that will enable this state of affairs to be brought to an end .
All of this militates against the sustainable development that we must try to achieve from the points of view of both safety and economics and from the social and environmental angles .
It should be added that , since 11 September , we have all been more keenly aware that a new definition of defence is needed , one which combines internal and external security .
The strength of European security and defence policy lies precisely in its cooperation with NATO and not in the dangerous and pointless temptation to compete with that organisation in any way .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I support the proposal put forward in this debate by my friend , Enrique Barón Crespo , for the European Parliament to send three messages : to the Madrid Summit , to the Sharon Government and to the Palestinian authority , as he said .
Israel is no longer abiding by the rule of law , as hard as this may be for us to accept .
Following the repeated statements by President Bush , which have not yet led to any action , there is no other way .
In this context , we tabled our amendment suggesting that , at the forthcoming Diplomatic Conference on the Revision of the Convention on the Granting of European Patents , all the official languages of the European Union be used on an equal footing so as to ensure that everyone can use his or her own language throughout the process and in order to guarantee the legal security of the patent .
( PT ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the first idea I wish to get across is that relations between the European Union and China are continuing to develop favourably , although not always at an even pace or at the desired speed .
It could , nevertheless , be said that there are already signs , here and there , which give reason to believe that these things will gradually be achieved .
The European Union 's recognition of the 'one China ' principle cannot , under any circumstances , lead us to accept solutions involving force .
With regard to the 22 amendments that have been tabled , I should like to make the following brief observation : some , which simply replicate the contents of the text , should not be accepted , and there are also some amendments whose thrust would be more appropriate in a report on Hong Kong , which is why I am rejecting them at the present time .
I also believe that if a European Union language is to be considered the most appropriate as a working language , its universal dimension should not be forgotten .
This is not , however , the approach that the European Union has adopted in its current security policy .
For example , the development of exchanges at university level is something we can easily achieve , specifically by extending the scope of the TEMPUS programme .
Of equal concern is the approach outlined by the Council in the conclusions of the Barcelona Summit , proposing a progressive increase of around five years in the effective average age at which people stop working in the European Union by 2010 .
I therefore congratulate Mr Fatuzzo on having drafted this report , which highlights just how crucial it is that we come up with a solution to the problem of the future sustainability of pensions systems .
Incentives must therefore be provided for later retirement , lifelong learning must be promoted and health systems must be improved .
Lastly , I feel obliged to state that current pension schemes are particularly unfavourable to women , and the Member States must , therefore , give priority to gender equality and European legislation that effectively guarantees the principle of non-discrimination on the grounds of gender in pension schemes must be promoted .
We also feel that this is , in fact , a public health issue , which should be looked at on the basis of Article 174 , in another context .
This is the rigorous evaluation we needed in order to make a legislative proposal that can , once and for all , put an end to certain arguments , which have more to do with vested interests than with what should be guiding us , which must respect the primacy of people 's integrity at work and in society .
The Commission must also take advantage of this range of packages - which it presented to Parliament in good time - to review the legal and conceptual criteria of hygiene and safety