Most probably they will receive 50 % more in the five years to come as regards the EDF financial envelope .
That is the reason why the Commission is now engaged in a very intensive coordination effort with Member States and other international donors , namely the World Bank which , as we know , is one of the main donors , and also United Nations agencies such as UNCTAD , UNIDO , UNICEF , FAO and others .
This is what we are discussing here today , Mr President .
It so happens that by means of a press release and a letter signed by to Commission officials , it was decided that the 1991 regulation would not enter into force .
The European Parliament , through a vote in the Committee on Legal Affairs and a letter from President Hänsch , initiated the process to take the Commission to court for failing to comply with Community law , for the failure to apply the 1991 regulation .
Does Vice-President Brittan speak with a forked tongue ?
Only 1045 natives are full-time professional hunters .
Recognising the seriousness of certain situations I have incorporated into my report amendments tabled by colleagues , which I accept , and propose the following .
There are more humane , less cruel ways of hunting and killing .
Madam President , in addition to congratulating Mr Barón Crespo on his report , I should like to emphasize that the MEDA programme , promoting the development of and closer contacts between countries on the southern flanks of the Mediterranean , can only merit our full support .
The people of our countries must be able to see that there is an Ombudsman and that he can receive their complaints .
This is the wording of my amendment on behalf of my group .
The European Parliament must adopt a clear position and not adopt any position that is in cahoots with democratic mockeries .
The gaols of East Timor and Indonesia continue to detain hundreds of political prisoners .
The illegitimate , illegal and bloody occupation of East Timor by Indonesia is one of the recent decades ' most serious and violent conflicts .
As we saw in December international hypocrisy actually condoned the terrible crimes that have gone on , you might say , in litis consortio .
To cap it all , Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , today in the press room of the European Parliament , is a press release strongly attacking Portugal , a European Union country that has only been defending the freedom of Timor , dated 3 July 1995 - yes , 3 July 1995 - revealing the attitude and permanent inflexibility of its authors .
Is there anything new ?
This is a positive signal that we applaud but they are meeting to coordinate different struggles and not to mix up the internal and external struggles .
Madam President , some people are tired of hearing the East Timor issue being raised here at the European Parliament .
Finally how come the European Parliament has agreed on this for the last ten years , since the Portuguese arrived ?
The Portuguese prime minister recently made concrete proposals .
Mr President , the future of the languages of Europe is a central problem to the policy of the European Union even if the Union does not seem to acknowledge that , given the paltry size this programme .
First of all , the language itself .
Fourth point : the Union and Member States ' official policies .
It is not here that our identity is at stake .
The defence of ornamental plant and flower production is extremely important in the European Union and in the country I represent , especially the autonomous region of Madeira .
As for the amendments to the text of the resolution tabled by Mr Mulder , I cannot support his first amendment on the application of VAT but I fully back his suggestion about creating a quality label that properly applies to present and future farm production .
I want to make it clear here and now that the Florence Council was capable of producing various positive decisions such as those already mentioned in respect of the third pillar .
The Socialist Group has therefore tabled an amendment - inspired by myself - to the joint resolution that we are to vote upon tomorrow , and I hope to obtain from President Jacques Santer a clarification that in no way will the Community 's agreements on economic and social cohesion contradict or put at risk the pursuit of the very just goals of promoting employment .
The advantages of renewable energy forms are countless and nearly all well known , but the fact that they are virtually inexhaustible , they do not pollute , they are produced locally , they can be used outside networks and are less costly make them particularly attractive .
This Council was once again a 'summit ' meant to define policies , take measures , sign pacts and which , following on from the indecisive positions taken at other Councils , was meant to fight rising unemployment and the deteriorating social situation .
Not even sweetened with good intentions and better words .
For these reasons ( and more ) a Council unable to cover up social failures withe so-called successes over mad cows and EUROPOL and a resolution that once again skirts around the real issues as if they had been solved or would be solved once we reach El(euro)dorado .
Of course , the Council is meeting today , Monday , and is examining this situation and I would like to draw their attention to this novelty , as we might say .
Once again he has demonstrated that authority which is why his recommendations and proposals , already approved by us in the Committee on Agriculture , were approved in full