Even excellent individuals do not succeed on their own merits , however , if their background is felt to be less than favourable .
It is likely that Austria 's good reputation as a competitive Member State driving responsible policies under the leadership of its present government helped in making the choice .
The challenges are largely the same in all the Member States : a damagingly inflexible labour market that allows mass unemployment to continue in the Member States of the European Union , and the need to balance state income and expenditure .
I wish the Austrian Government luck and success in this work , in spite of the considerable resistance to change .
To ensure that the Union is equal and functions properly it is essential that experts from the small Member States can also participate directly in decision-making .
I am pleased that female representation in the European Central Bank 's main decision-making body was allowed to continue , and obviously with no compromises being made with regard to expertise and professional skill .
A smokescreen of market confidence has been cast to cover up certain real problems .
Liberalisation of the gas market will not guarantee investment over the next twenty or thirty years .
We should be able to conclude long-term delivery contracts for gas .
Unless a government invests in or maintains backbone networks the market will not function .
If the government does not invest in the network and take responsibility for it , electricity cannot be transmitted from one place to another .
In that capacity I see the problems that can impact on the pricing of electricity .
The liberalisation of the markets determines prices in the short term , but will not solve the big problems of the future .
The liberalisation package will , moreover , improve the market 's circulation and digestion .
Liberalisation must be continued and the network improved .
We have really had to wrangle with the Council over both issues .
The liberalisation of the energy markets is not any dramatic breakthrough , at least not from the point of view of the Nordic countries , although it is good that they are indeed being liberalised .
Contrary to what some of our Socialist friends think they know , the free and open markets of the Nordic countries are functioning well .
It has to be accepted that prices can sometimes also rise in a free market .
Rarely , however , are there situations where the same year sees one of the century 's driest summers together with one of its coldest winters .
Consequently , the clear unbundling of network activity and the fact that the tasks of the regulatory authorities should be sufficiently harmonised are two of the most central elements in this package .
The package is an essential , albeit inadequate , condition for a viable market .
It will also be crucially important to ensure there is sufficient investment in the future .
Mr President , we on the Committee on Budgets have been drawing people 's attention to how the use of the Guarantee Fund mechanism is a very cheap way for the EU to provide external financial assistance .
As the guarantee has meant that the EU has not suffered any losses owing to defaults in recent years , it shows the criteria for assistance have been working .
The Committee on Budgets has been surprised to note that the Commission and the EIB did not take full advantage of the potential of the Guarantee Fund last year .
All the institutions are prepared to reduce the provisioning rate of credit from the present level of 9 % to 8 % .
This measure would have the same impact on the use of the Guarantee Fund as reducing the provisioning rate .
These changes would mean there would be more to distribute out of the same allocation of funds defined in terms of its ceiling .
These amendments will serve to hone the reform to make one that is good for the farmer .
We should not race ahead in the matter of milk production if the market situation does not demand it .
Very high quality rye is used there in the production of functional foods .
The Commission should also take such special circumstances as these into consideration .
There are still shortcomings , however , in the organisation of the division of duties and responsibilities among the institutions .
The work of the Council does indeed need reforming , decisions must be taken openly and its work must have continuity .
One very conspicuous institution in all Member States is the Commission .
In the name of equality , therefore , there must also be a Commissioner from all the Member States in the future .
I support the appeal made today by President of the European Commission , Romano Prodi , that the right of veto should be relinquished when the EU is making a decision .
We have not succeeded in deciding where to locate the Food Agency , however , because the right of veto has been used .
Finally , I wish to say a special thank you to Greece , the country to hold the presidency , for the way it has helped the progress of matters to do with safety at sea .
( FI ) Ulpu Iivari , Reino Paasilinna and Riitta Myller , members of the Finnish Social Democratic Party delegation , voted in favour of the Members ' Statute , as we believe it is essential to have one , and voting against it would mean the present system would continue .
It has been our aim all along to have a system where travel expenses are reimbursed where actual costs are incurred .
We also hope that Parliament will be prepared in negotiations with the Council to abandon any designs it might have concerning