Visa Waiver Program .
This ' Red Card to Forced Prostitution ' campaign was a huge success in raising awareness not only among audiences , supporters , but also in society that trafficking in women and forced prostitution must be actively combated .
What specific measures have been reported by Member States in order to combat trafficking in human beings for sexual exploitation ?
Our Group greatly appreciates the efforts of Commissioner Verheugen to cut down on excessive bureaucracy .
Should Parliament now go and say that it is all unnecessary ?
There are two things that we should not forget .
That is perfectly in accordance with the Regulation , Mr Schnellhardt , and what is more , it is very pragmatic and also very simple .
The idea of the French President , Mr Sarkozy , for a special union between the EU and all the countries of the Mediterranean , calls especially for support among the public of the EU Member States that border the Mediterranean Sea .
The article on by-products was not amended and Member States can decide on their own initiative when waste ceases to be waste , with all the disruption to competition that that entails .
I am particularly pleased that the concept of mixed zones is retained .
For that reason , too , cohesion policy is an absolute necessity .
That turned out not to be enough .
There is a strong temptation to trade one of those solidarities against the other .
Moreover , we also secured a political declaration from the Council that this directive will not and cannot be used as an excuse to lower existing standards .
Clearly the current political climate in most Member States will not be of any help .
The return policy cannot be looked upon in an isolated way , but should be seen as a necessary part of a total package on migration , including legal , as well as asylum .
In my electoral district , the danger with this revised framework directive is that some could seize upon the 'weaker ' European standards in order to defer somewhat the efforts we are already making .
I realise that rising oil prices are largely responsible - but certainly not entirely .
This means that they must be able to compare offers , however , and that is why it is important that contracts and invoices be standardised .
In our view , if consumers wish to be aware of their rights and thus well informed , they need to be sent a copy of a charter enumerating their existing rights clearly and comprehensibly when concluding contracts .
Even country roads have been widened or supplemented with wide transit motorways .
The choice of a regulation is a quick way of offering the most safety and uniformity for automotive engineering companies , but is not without disadvantages .
For example , we are pushing democratic considerations within Member States further into the background .
Let me begin by saying that the protection of pedestrians and other vulnerable road users is a matter close to my heart .
For this reason , I welcome this compromise .
Active solutions , such as ' Brake Assist' , have the advantage over passive safety systems that they also prevent a great deal of additional adverse effects of accidents , such as hold-ups , traffic jams and non-material harm , that cannot be limited by applying passive safety systems .
That was not done by appealing for mutual solidarity to distribute the refugees better over the territory of the EU states , but only by restricting entry to Europe at the external borders even more severely .
The fact that people staying in the territory illegally can be sent back to the country they travelled through is no solution either .
The service must be provided to all stakeholders without interruption and with the lowest possible impact on the environment .
The situation varies greatly from one Member State to another .
That is the cheapest and most efficient solution , all things considered .
I also think we have to work together to enable ourselves to work on the problems in the shared neighbourhood .
She has chosen the right approach .
The report mentions that the European Commission objective is for new passenger cars and light-duty vehicles vans not to emit more than an average of 120 grams per kilometre of CO2 .
It is very important that the development of intelligent cars should not be looked at separately from the development of an intelligent car environment .
In that case , it would be good for a system to be developed that , on the one hand , ensures that this important knowledge is also made available in Member States that have a strong interest in it and , on the other hand , takes due account of the intellectual property rights of the developers of the intelligent transport systems .
Secondly , the repression of national minorities , the groups in the country with a different language and culture who want self-government .
China and India should do so , as well as Europe . author . - ( NL ) Mr President , the violence in Somalia has everything to do with the fact that since 1991 there has no longer been a generally recognised government there .
Yesterday there was an unsuccessful attempt to murder the Transitional President , Abdullahi Yusuf .
As has already been said , the food crisis is a major problem , and so we must seek solutions via the budget , both for the short and medium term and for the long term .
This is very tricky not only in budgetary but also in other terms .
We , too , are dismayed by the latest measures announced by the Italian Government to solve the ' Roma problem ' in Italy .
