I support the series of amendments aimed principally at clarifying the objectives of the proposal and making them more concise .
The Monterrey Conference of 2002 prepared a roadmap , particularly concerning the end of 'tied aid' , the acceleration of debt cancellation initiatives and the introduction of innovative finance schemes like the ' Tobin tax ' .
However , this delegation of powers must be facilitated by giving the legislator the institutional means to scrutinise the exercise of such powers .
( Explanation of vote cut pursuant to Rule 163 of the Rules of Procedure ) rapporteur . - ( FR ) Mr President , President-in-Office of the Council , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , to begin , may I just remind you all here that maritime safety must remain a priority on the European political agenda .
Apart from various differences in formulation , three major differences with the Council remain , for which my preference was to reinstate Parliament 's First Reading position .
Now , thanks to Commissioner Barrot , we are attempting to establish , from scratch , an honourable European maritime transport space .
I genuinely believe we need to sort this out , and that is why I think , President-in-Office , that Parliament 's resistance is not a question of pride .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , first I would like thank you for this debate of a very high standard .
I sincerely believe that piracy is a form of terrorism and it is taking on uncontrolled proportions .
Obviously we now need to look at the judicial aspect and the legal framework for all of this .
I can assure you the Council will do its utmost to ensure that the Common Position is defined and sent to Parliament as soon as possible , in view of the urgency you mentioned , which is quite legitimate .
It is important to maintain a significant volume of development aid , and I will come back to that , but you are quite right to point out in your question that this aid must be effective .
Mr Ryan is right .
We need to continue the reform of the common agricultural policy ; we must make it more market-oriented while encouraging sustainable agriculture throughout the EU and assuring adequate supply .
I would like to point out to Mr Aylward that , for its part , the Lisbon Treaty offers a legal basis for real sports policies .
It is crucial that we know at this stage which associations are involved in backing sport within the European Union .
Knowing how sensitive the European Parliament is , I know that we can count on your support , as well as on the commitment of the European Commission , to provide the continuity that is needed .
We are keen to work closely with Parliament based on the report that the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development is due to submit on 7 October .
Mr President , Mr Higgins , as you know , the European Council has acknowledged the results of the Irish referendum on the Treaty of Lisbon .
The French Presidency will do its utmost to find a solution to this major institutional problem .
There is also cohabitation in Poland , although I believe that the Polish Government is committed to the ratification of the Lisbon Treaty .
As the IAEA Director General said - and I cannot draw a different conclusion - this situation is a source of grave concern for the EU and the international community .
This is what I wanted to say to Mr Hutchinson .
However , as you quite rightly said , the current system does not allow the use of modern technology , even if this complies with the fundamental principles of data protection and especially the principle of proportionality .
We realise that we have set ourselves a tight deadline .
The contractor now has a period of 20 days in which to correct the existing problems .
This situation is in fact totally unacceptable .
Therefore , I believe that it would be natural for there to be a political debate on what these new functions should be .
As for SIS II preparations at central level , we are keeping a close watch on progress , we have introduced measures that will help us monitor things closely and the Commission 's services will specifically see to it that there are enough resources to follow up on the work of contractors .
Therefore , I am now going to thank you in your own language .
For example , these might be the permanent or temporary replacement of forests by farmland , the relatively low profitability of forest maintenance compared with other land use and , quite simply , poverty .
I will now listen carefully to the comments from the various speakers .
I loved the expression 'the cradle of biodiversity ' .
By making this clarification , we have a readable and acceptable amendment .
Three months later , he was urging Parliament 's Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs to 'give the private sector a chance to rectify itself ' .
This again illustrates just how reliant we are on energy .
The texts that will be tabled here are therefore well overdue .
However , a proper strategy for energy self-sufficiency and a different energy mix still represent the most effective response in the medium and long term .
Despite the existence of the Directive on copyright in the information society the situation in terms of the collective management of copyright and related rights for online services is extremely complex , particularly because of the territorial nature of copyright law and the absence of a pan-European licensing system .
Firstly , as it has done for home copying , the Commission should put in place a platform for all the stakeholders so that this dossier can be opened and examined by all