There is no other option .
I believe that the joint efforts of all the European political forces are characterising this process , and this is reflected in the Lehne/Méndez de Vigo report .
We have done our calculations and we make it 64 .
We must be able to take risks .
The first is the recognition that the consolidation of the third pillar of the European Union , the fight against terrorism in particular , has at last been developed in the way the citizens have been demanding .
However , it is crystal clear that the stateless-nations-taboo is more present today than ever before .
Mr President , apart from the fact that it is only partially present in this House , I believe we must acknowledge that the Belgian Presidency has not disappointed and that it has been up to the job of dealing with these clearly very difficult circumstances .
I believe that we are working in the right direction , and I hope that the declarations of the European Council in Laeken , which has been a good finale to a brilliant Presidency , can quickly be turned into concrete actions which , as I said at the beginning , will allow the European Union to make significant progress in its project of political consolidation .
However , with regard to immigration and asylum , I must say that the Council ' s text adopts a tone of renunciation which worries me .
Mr President , in accordance with the gentlemen' s agreement made at the Conference of Presidents , I would like to ask for an extra quarter of an hour , that is to say , I would be grateful if we could start at 12.45 p.m.
Why ?
They are going to be members of the Convention .
In any event , I would like to express our congratulations as a group , our intention to offer you our loyal collaboration , in the hope that you will be the President of all Europeans for a Europe that is more progressive , with more social justice , sustainable development and , above all , a Europe in which we are able to lay the foundations for a Constitution for all Europeans .
Yesterday , we attended the election of a new President in this House and the farewell to a President who has carried out her work very effectively .
Ladies and gentlemen , the current political landscape obliges the Union to be ambitious in three areas .
We must continue to work in the direction which you and the European Commission indicated at that time .
A first step towards this will be to develop close cooperation on criminal and legal matters with the United States , in accordance with the principles which underpin the legal system of the European Union , as emphasised by this House .
This will mean enhancing the role of the Eurogroup , tightening the Broad Economic Policy Guidelines and ensuring strict compliance with the Stability and Growth Pact .
The second area of work in Barcelona will be to design a European energy market based on opening-up , liberalisation , competition , transparency and interconnection .
We need to step up the quality of Europe ' s education systems and open them up further to the rest of the world .
For the negotiations to be rounded off definitively , all the Members of the Union will need to demonstrate their ability to compromise , the Commission will need to present its proposals on time and , above all , an effort will be required from each of the candidate countries .
In this same area , Spain also proposes to launch a discussion on making the fight against terrorism an objective of the European Security and Defence Policy .
In addition , the European Union will be holding specific meetings with the Andean Community and Central America .
To help achieve this objective , the Laeken European Council , acting on a Spanish initiative , took up the idea of creating a bank specialising in operations in the Mediterranean countries , an idea we will be working on over the next few months in collaboration with the European Investment Bank and the monetary authorities .
The Laeken European Council decided to set up a Convention on the future of Europe .
We know this will be a complex and arduous task , on account both of the number of issues we will need to apply ourselves to and of the ambitious nature of our goals .
Mr President , please allow me to analyse the six objectives of the Spanish Presidency , which you have summed up in three categories , in the light of this approach .
We owe the success of the euro above all to our fellow citizens .
I think it is right to acknowledge this .
We share your concern .
The European Council has accepted the idea of doubling the European and national parliamentary presence .
The media ?
Mr President-in-Office of the Council , first of all , I would like to welcome you to this House .
Moreover , it is a matter of no small concern that the Spanish government is concentrating on cooperation with the United States without , at the same time , distancing the Union from those decisions of the US administration which place it outside the rule of law and which could lead to a militarisation of the legal system .
It would appear that this cursory treatment is a direct result of an antiquated idea that the priorities of economic growth and safeguarding the environment and quality of life are still conflicting .
I have other things to say to you , Mr President-in-Office , regarding the liberalisation of the electricity market , but I will save them for another time .
You have expressed your intention to carry out what you