, as we are in the European Year of Education through Sport , to examine the Commission ’s accomplishments in the area of sports culture .
The ratification of the Constitutional Treaty in the Member States , which is due to take place soon , places an obligation on the Commission to set about preparations promptly to clarify the legal basis for sport .
Today , as far as our special subject for debate , football , is concerned , we need action , for example , which will ensure that European competitions are conducted cleanly and that young players are properly protected .
In football one would hope this would mean that there will be special measures in the field of work with junior players in clubs .
There are huge differences between football clubs and cultures at European level .
I do not think it is appropriate either .
In the case of the players , they who are employed by the football teams , the free movement of European players ...     Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , this programme cannot come too soon .
We cannot allow criminals , irresponsible crackers and crooks to take over the Internet .
The harm is growing faster than the rate at which measures are being taken to prevent it .
Europe does not accept robbery on the highway or piracy on the high seas , so why should it accept such crimes on the Internet ?     Mr President , I would first of all like to thank the rapporteur , Mr Gauzès , for his excellent work .
This way we can be sure we are operating according to the same rules as our neighbours .
It is especially important to make efforts to prevent fraud and money laundering as part of the fight against terrorism also .
The function and strength of the internal market depend precisely on how effectively we can agree and implement acts at European level in those areas where they are needed .
For example , in January 2003 , FEFSI , the European Federation of Investment Funds and Companies , published a study on various tax barriers that investment fund managers have encountered in the internal market .
There is thus a need for standardisation in taxation .
Cooperation and harmonisation must be brought about in tax bases , that is , the things that we tax , and in administrative collaboration .
Finally , I would like to make a request to Commissioner Kovács .
I would hope , however , that you will take into consideration in your future work the view put forward on numerous occasions by the European Parliament that we do not want any initiatives from the Commission regarding matters to do with transfers of assets .     Mr President , firstly I wish to thank the Court of Auditors , and , in particular , its President , Mr Fabra Vallés , for its annual report and for presenting it here in this plenary .
Last year a total of EUR 8.3 billion remained unspent .
The consequence of this is that outstanding commitments have grown to EUR 69.3 billion , which means that to pay the arrears we will need the equivalent of appropriations for two years in full .
In future we should embark upon a system where unwarranted payments can be directly withheld from aid paid to a Member State the following year and the amount clawed back can remain in that Member State’s account .
The financial statements and annual auditors ’ report that have now been presented are the first to be based on the new Financial Regulation .
The statement of assurance contained in the report once again gives cause for concern .
If the Commission has not gone about its business totally legally and properly , the basic assumption should be that it ought to resign .
Only Mr Santer’s Commission resigned , however , and the reasons for that were more political than legal .
The nature of the errors made is also a decisive factor .
Is it a question here of a difference of opinion regarding interpretation , carelessness , a clear administrative error or intentional fraud ?
Something will have to be done about improving administration and auditing work in the future .
Mr President , it is a great pleasure to be here today for your debate on Turkey as we approach the critical meeting of the European Council which will decide whether to open accession negotiations with Turkey .
The revised version of the report , which incorporates several compromise amendments , demonstrates the will of this House to obtain a broad consensus on the important issue we are discussing today .
We trust that the European Council will endorse our recommendation and decide to open the accession negotiations with Turkey , as long as this conditionality is met .
The Commission has proposed a negotiation strategy based on three pillars .
Legal and political reforms must be broadened and their implementation consolidated to make them truly irreversible .
Since 6 October , when our recommendation was adopted , there have been further encouraging developments .
I can assure the Members of this House that the Commission remains committed to monitoring Turkey’s compliance with the Copenhagen political criteria .
This does not mean discrimination .
Turkey’s accession would be different from previous enlargements because of the combined impact of Turkey’s population , size , geographical location , economic , security and military potential .
The prospect of Turkish EU accession raises many legitimate questions , concerns and worries .
It is clear that the European Parliament can and should play an important role in pursuing this project .
Efforts to find a settlement must be renewed .
EU-Turkey relations have a long history .
The Turkish membership perspective dates back to the Association Agreement in 1963 .
