not based on the latest scientific findings , as a proposal for a directive of this type should , in fact , be .
When the relevant regulations are laid down , it will , however , be important not unnecessarily to regulate hunting rules in the Member States to a degree greater than that required to protect animals against suffering .
Under the proposal , traps are to be tested according to strict standards , special training for trappers is to be introduced and home-made traps are only to be permitted in exceptional circumstances .
I want to draw Members ’ attention to the fact that the Committee on Legal Affairs has issued an opinion concerning the proposal’s legal basis .
If Article 175 were to constitute the legal basis , there would be a great danger of more and more matters such as this being regarded as EU issues and dealt with at EU level .
Of course , rules are needed , including in connection with trapping , so that , for example , animal protection is guaranteed .
For such people , this proposal is quite simply not sufficiently far-reaching .
In my opinion , the Commission ’s proposal is not too limited .
Firstly , I think that we must take the existing international agreements as our starting point and not try to extend them in a way that is in danger of creating new barriers to trade .
Member States such as Sweden have efficient systems whereby all traps are tested .
However , defence procurement is also crucial if we are to play a role in terms of research and development in this area .
This means that we need to have large companies that can operate on an international basis and come up with the best products .
Europe’s problem is that we have a fragmented market because of historically differing security interests .
If we are to be able to alter this situation , the very first step is to obtain a common code of conduct and , in the longer term , a directive .
Together with the setting up of the European Defence Agency , a common market for defence procurement is a further stage in the military rearmament eagerly welcomed by the European defence industry .
Using George Orwell’s newspeak , I could say that war has become peace .
At the beginning of this week , I discovered my name on 18 amendments that I had not seen and that I had definitely not signed .
I should first and foremost like to thank Mr Sacconi for his extremely patient work , but also the Commission and the Presidency , which are unfortunately not represented in the Chamber .
We shall therefore vote in favour of the proposal , but do so without enthusiasm .     Since all the other groups are stating their views , we understand that this has been a complicated vote .
We welcome a robust Chemicals Directive that makes the industry ’s responsibility for imported chemicals clear .
We believe that low-volume substances must also be subject to basic inspection requirements .
Forests and ore , which constitute the backbone of Swedish industry , must not be affected by the proposed legislation .
I have voted in favour of the proposal as a whole .
I support a strong substitution principle .
It is important that some prioritising take place in collecting information about chemicals .
I have every confidence that the national authorities are , in the main , capable of carrying out relevant inspections .     This report is about drawing up a binding code of conduct on arms exports within the framework of the European Union .
We are opposed to establishing an EU body for arms export controls .
In light of the above , we shall vote against the report in the final vote .     We believe that the United Nations – with its experience , expertise and global importance – is best suited for spearheading global disarmament and ensuring compliance with the Non-Proliferation Treaty .
The demands for limiting the proliferation of nuclear weapons should lead in the long run to all nuclear weapons being phased out .     We Swedish Social Democrats have voted in favour of the report because we think it important to have clear and unambiguous rules for defence procurement .
A portion of the report before us refers to clarifying and defining more precisely the types of material and services to which Article 296 really should not apply .
We are therefore voting against this report .     , This report contains a long list of proposed measures that the EU should take in order to help combat poverty in Africa .
The first proposal should concern the EU’s need to carry out radical overhauls of its agricultural , fisheries and trade policies .
These agreements are principally aimed at guaranteeing the EU’s short–term economic interests , and they generate extremely limited resources for those who need them , namely poor fishermen in developing countries .
The primary task of the EU should be to reform the Union’s destructive policies .
In our view , the ongoing process , aimed at producing a tripartite agreement between the Commission , the Council and Parliament , is a great step forward .
The present report constitutes Parliament’s response to the original proposal for a policy statement and our contribution to the negotiations .
The agenda has changed , and issues of coherence , coordination and so forth have been given ever greater prominence .
It is , however , just as important to debate quality as quantity .
Commissioner Michel himself did of course indicate a large number of major shortcomings , especially in the way in which aid has been coordinated in the past .
Issues of harmonisation are being given prominence