Various organisations have also pointed out that there are risks of proliferation of bio-weapons technology .
These are some of the signs that suggest that our partnership with China is extremely important and could also lead to a better environment for ourselves and the whole world .
They are not binding upon Parliament , as the decision process is , but I hope that the results of certain aspects of scientific cooperation are applied with caution and that , in view of the lack of ethical constraints in China , we avoid cooperation in the field of biotechnology .
To summarise , I recommend that we accept this agreement with China which is important for ourselves , for China and for our common future .
We are dealing with a country which does not fulfil the demands for democracy and human rights which we have within the EU.
We are , in fact , in constant communication with them about this issue .
We tell them that this is not some kind of campaign against China .
We shall not , from our position here in the European Parliament , change China fundamentally - that is something we must realise - but we shall be able to ensure that when in fact China , of its own volition , becomes a more democratic country , we shall have supported the change by maintaining good relations with the country .
Mr President , I want first to address the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Protection and , of course , Mr Sterckx , and to praise the latter for his work on this recommendation for second reading and , above all , for the fact that it has been shown in this way that work can be done quickly and efficiently .
We support the rapporteur ' s recommendation to accept the present common position without further changes .
True , this is not going to change the world but it can be a small move in a larger strategy .
We are well aware of the fact that , in its current version , the directive is only the first step on the way towards a situation in which the consumer is better informed .
In the course of the work , we shall in , all probability , be returning to some of the Committee ' s remarks .
We must look again at the issue of how the European Parliament is to be involved and also kept informed about the work on voluntary agreements .
Finally , I just want to say that the Commission is pleased that the common position received such a warm welcome from the rapporteur and the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Protection .
We hope that , at the plenary part-session , the rapporteur ' s recommendations will be complied with .
So far , the results have been meagre .
It is not enough to make sweeping commitments concerning equality under the fourth pillar in the employment guidelines .
These are now being submitted by a number of groups .
Above all , the Amsterdam Treaty describes the achievement of equality between women and men as one of the EU' s central tasks .
Even if it is macroeconomic policy which is the most important factor , an active policy concerning the labour market is also very necessary .
In certain countries , levels of trade union membership are high .
When the Commission and the Council now set about devising employment plans and guidelines , these national differences must be taken account of .
Instead , we must listen to the actors in the market and develop a dialogue .
Whether or not the Luxembourg process functions effectively will depend in fact upon cooperation between local , regional , national and European actors .
Personally , I think that the convergence philosophy ought to be replaced by an interest in variation , diversity , experiment and the mobilisation of local resources .
Mr President , cooperation within the EU on economic policy has now been taken further .
EMU has been successful in the sense that , once the various countries had established common goals concerning inflation , interest rates and budget deficits , it emerged that coordination of this kind led to the objectives also being achieved .
We therefore pursued the question of cooperation in the employment field too , with a view to its having the same importance as cooperation in the economic field .
We still think , however , that increased clarity in a number of areas would be no bad thing .
It is important that , in these areas , we establish objectives and have a system of benchmarking for the future so that we can achieve the objectives concerned .
Rather , this Parliament said much the same thing in connection with the Pronk report too .
Those which were sensible a year ago are just as sensible today .
The answer is no .
None of this conflicts with the principle of subsidiarity .
Because I , for reasons of principle , oppose quantitative objectives as part of the employment strategy , I could not , however , support the objective of reducing the difference in wages by a certain percentage within a period of five years ( Amendment No 22 ) .
Internal Market ( B5-0204/1999 )
As a result , we in the Confederal Group of the European United Left/Nordic Green Left shall be voting for just about all the amendments from rapporteur Lange .
This is section 11 , about whether a time limit should now be set for financial incentives in connection with environmentally friendly vehicles .
However , this is a minor question in this context .
Mr President , when , in the autumn of 1998 , the European Parliament made a decision to continue with the Auto-Oil