Whilst not denying that there has been progress in the current situation , it is in internal and related affairs .
The road map is a plan in three phases .
Just blacklist Hamas ?
I do not think that is enough .
On these bases , the European Union went to Cancún , but - as you know - our desires , our hopes and our undertakings were shattered at the Summit in the hot , torrid climate which was caused by more than just the weather .
Europe really did work as a team !
In both cases , the ambiguities were left over from Doha .
These are two questions which are relatively similar .
However , precisely this initial impetus - a negative rather than a positive impetus , given the dissimilarity between the countries involved - resulted in a polarisation of positions which soured the negotiations .
However , maybe we failed to exploit the full potential of our position , which was , moreover , decisive on many issues .
At this juncture , these three questions open up three debates .
We wish not to impose but to persuade .
Lastly , the third debate is whether we need to adjust our trade policy in any way .
We must place our trust in it and strengthen the historic , economic and commercial ties with Latin America as a whole ; let us endeavour to include this objective in next year 's agenda too .
If the WTO survives , this must remain the main focus of negotiations .
There is no time to explain why , in my view this is the case .
We ask developing countries to impose competition rules and public procurement rules , and then we continue to subsidise meat , rice and other exports .
Clearly , this strategy forms part of neither Bush 's unilateralism - it is true that there is a close link between Iraq and Cancún - nor any of the bilateral agreements .
Madam President , I would have preferred to wait a little before voting on the documents in this Chamber .
Indeed , tomorrow , we are going to vote on a rather disappointing document which will not answer the question ' Why did Cancún fail ? ' and will not provide guidelines on the direction we should take in future .
You have stated , reiterated and stressed the need to save and reinvigorate multilateralism , and , at the same time , many of you have stressed how important it is to launch a WTO reform process , in which the need for recognition of the new players must on no account be disregarded , to this end .
I believe it is our duty to take your comments to the European Council , particularly in preparation for and in the wake of our appointment on 15 December , in which we may succeed in gaining a better insight into the impact of this failure on the other players too , including those who , perhaps unwittingly , have rejoiced rather too soon at this failure .
As stressed by the European Council , one essential way of achieving this objective is to develop trans-European transport networks , giving priority , where appropriate , to investment in infrastructure for public transport and railways , internal waterways , short sea shipping , intermodal operations and effective interconnection , in other words to encourage the development of means of transport which are less harmful to the environment .
The inclusion of a section dedicated to the trans-European networks policy in the Maastricht Treaty gave the European Community the powers and instruments it needed to develop them .
In the new context of sustainable development , the June 2001 Gothenburg Council called for emphasis , in future , on the development of rail , sea and river transport .
The goal of promoting sustainable development through endeavours to restore a balance between means of transport which favours those which respect the environment will , therefore , be an essential point of reference for the Council when , in the coming months , it examines the Commission 's proposal on the revision of the TEN guidelines and the priority projects it contains .
The work of the Van Miert Group is certainly thorough , but I do not fully endorse its strategic approach , which is biased towards northern Europe to the detriment of the south and the Mediterranean , an area which represents a major opportunity - and also a major European challenge - in terms of the economic , cultural and social cohesion of peoples and countries with which we are called to enter into a new , major dialogue .
There is no mention of incorporating environmental concerns into the current debate on the review of the TENs and there is no sign of any intention to carry out a pre-emptive environmental assessment .
We must therefore endeavour to achieve about 30 or 40 % in non-returnable funds ; we must aim not just at EUR 600 million per year but at achieving between EUR 6 billion and EUR 8 billion per year for the next ten years .
I cannot list them all , so I will confine myself to mentioning the 10 major trans-European corridors planned and the fact that these infrastructures have essentially been assessed , first and foremost , with reference to the present European Union rather than the future EU , in the sense that a great deal of pressure has been exerted by the countries who are already Members while those who are , in any case , already knocking at the European Union 's doors had no bargaining power , with the result that we are now essentially in a position where we do need to consider their needs .
Before I go any further , I would say to Mrs Frassoni that I