Against this background , I cannot understand - and nor can nearly all my colleagues here in the House - why the Council has cut back the original proposals of the Commission and Parliament quite considerably in its common position .
None of this is going too far - our concern is to achieve something useful for Europe 's citizens , namely the highest possible standard of safety .
This must prevent monopolisation - which restricts competition - and at the same time secure inexpensive repairs for consumers with spare parts of their choice .
This is a successful outcome , due to the persistence of Parliament 's representatives .
They are in any event not compulsory or binding , however .
One in every 12 factory workers in America works for a European company , and American companies employ 3 million staff in Europe .
In this sense , the New Transatlantic Agenda is of great importance .
Progress can be made at bilateral level , and multilateral cooperation can also be promoted at the same time .
The agreements represent a package .
We shall naturally support it in this , so far as that is within our power .
We know how difficult it is to have a balanced transatlantic relationship .
Europe 's weakness certainly also becomes particularly apparent here .
However , such an attack on the privacy of our citizens should be firmly resisted by this Parliament .
I have told you how we understand what we have agreed with the Americans .
I must ask you to distinguish between two things : what we know officially as the Commission or have learnt from the Member States , and what it says in your interim report or a book by a former colleague from New Zealand or newspaper reports .
We now have far greater possibilities than five , ten or twenty years ago .
I would also ask my colleagues to proceed with due caution and not to react with too much excitement to comments made in the media , however important or relevant they may be .
Mr President , unfortunately what Mr Seppänen said is true - there was no misunderstanding .
We want to see progress on these aspects of Agenda 2000 , if we are to conform to a budget procedure based on achieving lowest possible expenditure , i .e . on keeping to Member States ' average expenditure at Community level .
The reason for this is not that the money is needed , but that this is the last year of the financial perspective ; the Structural Funds change on 31 December 1999 , and any unutilised appropriations are carried over to this year .
Neither approach is appropriate , and we need to tell the applicant countries , aspiring to become members of the Community , that if together we are not able to commit the appropriations in the time allowed - reminding them once again of the annuality of budget appropriations - then these appropriations cannot be used .
Like Mr Wynn , however , I was present at the discussions , and at times I had the impression that there was no political objective at stake there , but that these were petty negotiations reminiscent of the bourgeois , about a couple of million ecus or so , and the next six months or year or so .
I believe that this is a good agreement both for Mr Christodoulou and this House , and for the Commission and the Council .
This is something we have also felt during discussions in committee .
It is a fact that 80 % of journeys are made in cars .
I spoke earlier of a success on two counts .
Mr President .
They would prefer to abolish mobility .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , thanks are due to both our rapporteurs .
That it should do so by means of a voluntary agreement is something which Parliament has already criticised on several occasions .
The same method of measurement must be used throughout the world , to avoid the developing countries thinking that the industrialised countries want to save themselves work , at their expense as it were , for a second time .
That is a complete reversal of policy on climate protection in this House .
Now I should like to address a few remarks to the Commission .
We are in a position to finance the Channel Tunnel , in such a way that those putting in the money only see a return on it in umpteen years ' time .
So we only have a basic level of agreement .
We have a commitment from the European motor vehicle industry , which wants to tackle the problem .
We need to improve the situation and establish rules .
Are we correctly informed that 12 Environment Ministers have already jumped ship on this issue and that only three are still on board ?
We hope that strategic environmental assessment is not pushed to one side , and we would like to appeal to those Member States like Germany ...
The rules are just being interpreted in completely different ways .
Helmut Kohl and the French President were right to say that the Commission is meddling in too many things .
He is not here at the moment , otherwise I would have been very glad to give him a lesson on how environmental impact assessment works .
Mr President , Commissioner , in Cambodia , the genuine efforts to bring about peace have failed .
We have introduced the concept of GI 2000 time and again at conferences , and these programmes will be continued in the context of the fifth framework programme of research , as part of the new projects aimed at creating a user-friendly information society .
This directive stipulates that telephone users who are disturbed by malicious or annoying telephone calls are entitled to help from their telephone companies to trace the