Your fellow Members , Mr Hänsch and Mr Méndez de Vigo , went on to attend the first ministerial meeting of the Intergovernmental Conference , which was held in the afternoon of the same day .
The General Affairs Council held an initial discussion on the draft annotated agenda at its meeting on 29 September 2003 and will return to the subject at its next meeting , on 13 October , on the basis of an updated version of the agenda , which will also reflect the conclusions of the meetings of the Justice and Home Affairs and Ecofin Councils earlier this month and the meeting of the Transport , Telecommunications and Energy Council on 9 October .
We also expect the European Council conclusions to provide pointers and commitments to guide the work of the various Council configurations in the months ahead .
Italy 's recent electricity black-out has made us all more aware of the pressing need to complete the creation of a truly integrated European energy market and to strengthen the security of energy supplies , bearing in mind the Member States ' heavy dependence on imported energy as well .
In a nutshell , then , at the forthcoming meeting of the European Council , the Presidency will confirm that the timing of the launch of the growth initiative is intended to give a strong signal of sound economic governance and renewed confidence in Europe 's economic potential .
Mr President , Mr Antonione , ladies and gentlemen , on 16 and 17 October , the European Council is going to address the questions of strengthening the area of freedom , security and justice and reviving our economy .
Today , I would like to focus on these two key areas .
At the same time , we must address the question of migration flows resolutely and coordinate the management of our common borders .
We are also preparing initiatives aimed at making passports more secure .
Although great efforts have been made , these are difficult negotiations because the Commission has to persuade third countries not only to readmit their own citizens but also to allow citizens on their way back to other states to pass through those countries .
On the basis of this experience , we will be in a position to include a genuine European Fund for Repatriation in the new Financial Perspective that will enter into force in 2007 .
However , a few recent indicators suggest that the corner may about to be turned  – let us hope so – and that the current slump may , at last , be in sight , barring tensions in international politics .
By demonstrating our determination , we will send out a clear signal that the Union is , at last , able to take economic decisions that can no longer be put off .
While the Initiative looks for greater private sector investment , there is clearly still a key role for public financing .
These are the only recipes for safeguarding sustainable employment in the long term .
Therefore , we must find the political will to meet this challenge and press forward resolutely towards the goal which I know you , too , are striving to achieve .     Mr President , President of the Commission , President-in-Office of the Council , in a few days time in Brussels there will be discussions on reviving the economy , and I am concerned that they will end up reopening the debate on the Stability Pact , on whether it takes the right line , that there will end up being a debate between States that are asking to be able to spend more and to be able to increase their deficit beyond the commitments made in the Pact itself .
All this could be done , but it is not being done .
I firmly believe that the areas where majority voting is used should be extended : unanimity is an obstacle ; it is a concrete pillar blocking the EU’s progress .
When prioritising , President-in-Office of the Council , I believe that we need to focus clearly on a Europe that is going from the West towards the East , but also at the Europe which is looking from the North to the South .
Mr  Tajani rightly pointed out the importance of having 700 km of borders in our country , at Europe’s southern boundary .
Therefore , if we are here to urge Parliament to support this agreement , it is because I believe that  – albeit minor , tentative – progress has been made .
If it is deemed necessary , it will , therefore , be up to Parliament to organise opposition to the voluntary agreement in order to force the Commission to recall it itself .
One last thing , Mr President : the difficulty that the Commission and the Council have in going further in this area seems to be exactly the same as that we encountered in the negotiations on comitology , which we hope has been overcome once and for all thanks to the agreements concluded by the Convention .     Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the European Parliament debate and vote this week represent an important phase in the final chapter of negotiations between Parliament , the Council and the Commission , which has resulted in the interinstitutional agreement on ‘Better Law-Making’ .
The agreement seeks , as set down in paragraph 1 , ‘to improve the quality of law-making by means of a series of initiatives and procedures’ , which are detailed in the agreement itself .
It will be our task to ensure that the agreement is enforced faithfully and is fully adhered to .     – Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the interinstitutional agreement which we are talking about is the result of the negotiations within the high-level working party formed by representatives of Parliament , the Commission and the Council