of economic development should not be tolerated within it , nor should it be possible to accept different speeds of social development .
I speak in all sincerity , as it is in no-one 's interest to complicate matters further , and certainly not , I imagine , in the interests of the current presidency .
As regards Agenda 2000 , we share your determination to conclude negotiations during the first half of this year , and trust this will prove possible .
Aim at genuine convergence , Mr Fischer , as it represents a good investment for Europe .
As rapporteur for Agenda 2000 , I wish you good fortune and plenty of luck .
On 8 December , the Council had to issue a statement confirming that it intended to abide by the agreements it had reached with the Commission and the European Parliament that same morning , and not render them meaningless .
You have quite rightly stated that the euro represents a step forward in the development of a new kind of sovereignty in Europe .
The Court of Auditors ' opinion on Agenda 2000 from December , No 10/98 , is now available and is even more sceptical .
What is really at issue , however , is making the new Europe and its institutions democratically legitimate .
Mr President , I should first like to thank Mrs Lööw and the Committee on Institutional Affairs for drawing up this report .
Clearly , secrecy , the lack of clarity surrounding proceedings and decision-making in the institutions , and the suspicion - only the suspicion - that information is suppressed are not conducive to a positive relationship between the Union and its citizens .
However , these procedures depend heavily on the good will of each institution , with scant backing from Court decisions .
Thirdly , and in conclusion , I should like to refer to the issue of information , which was raised by a number of speakers .
We shall give it serious consideration when drafting our legislative proposal .
It suggests , for instance , a greater role for ideological political options , sidelining that vision of a merely bureaucratic Europe , which we hope to confine to history .
Nevertheless , prior to that date , the European Parliament had regularly been confirming the investiture of the Commission for some time .
There is no question about that .
One of these would be for the political groups to put candidates forward to the European Council .
This too represents an improvement on the present situation .
A good understanding between the Commission and the European Parliament will help to ensure the smooth running of the institutions .
The common position represents a departure from our original proposal and it has introduced a system of rotation throughout the Member States .
With all due respect for the positions put forward , the Commission has now come to believe that in view of the restrictions imposed by the unanimity rule which we are bound by , the common position adopted by the Council seems the best way forward .
I strongly encourage you to seek a formula for conciliation , leading to a solution acceptable to all .
These measures alone will not be sufficient , but could set the country on the right course for the future .
In the case of Spain , relevant Spanish legislation on the issue should be borne in mind , in particular , the Sports Act of 15 October 1990 , and Royal Decree No 2075 of 20 July 1982 concerning representation at international events and other sporting activities .
We have indeed considered this matter , especially in view of certain recent developments , notably a declaration in the Treaty .
In this connection , I should like to say that I encouraged the Austrian Presidency to hold a three-way ministerial meeting involving the German , British and Austrian Sports Ministers , with Austria in the chair and Commission representation .
There is a suggestion that sport should be included in Article 128 of the Treaty .
After the Treaty , the only criterion is that it is for the legislature in each Member State to make the necessary decisions .
I cannot therefore go beyond the scope of the Treaty , because one of the Commission 's many responsibilities is that of guardian of the Treaty .
Some of these still have capital invested in it , but Euronews is now controlled by ITN , an independent channel .
Progress is monitored through a monthly meeting between the broadcasting company and the Commission , at which a representative of Parliament 's services is also present .
To date , the Commission has been pleased with the arrangement .
I visited Euronews in 1997 , and the situation seemed to be far from ideal .
Mr Anatassopoulos leads Parliament 's delegation , and I lead the Commission 's .
In fact , I approached the Spanish and Italian public channels , and others who were already involved in some way .
In my case , whenever I am late home , I always switch on Euronews to receive the latest news .
And we believed it was a reasonable proposal because it provided for the choice of the European City of Culture to be devolved to the Community as a whole .
It could be improved by firstly ensuring that this was not just an event for the city , the region or the country concerned , and investing it with a truly European nature .
All interested parties would be involved , the Commission would put a proposal to Council and the Council would then take a majority decision .
Parliament today gave its declaration of intended rejection of the common position , which was debated along with Mr Monfils ' proposal .
This is how things stand at the moment