Facilities such as this should not be set in motion .
The motion for a resolution concerns the draft Council decision and supplements the Borders Code as regards the surveillance of the sea borders within the framework of operations coordinated by Frontex for measures to rescue people at sea .
In essence , these are measures which need to be taken if a ship is identified and it is suspected that there are people on board trying to evade border controls .
In particular , it notes that financing of priorities in connection with the future EU 2020 strategy through a possible reallocation of funds must not be detrimental to fundamental EU policies , such as the cohesion , structural or common agricultural policies .
I consider the Commission decision to abolish them , despite the opposition of a broad majority of the Member States and the production sector in question , to be unwarranted .
A catalogue needs to be made of all the private quality certification systems and a legislative framework of basic principles needs to be adopted at EU level in order to ensure that these systems operate transparently .
The objective of adequate , safe and high quality food is a human requirement and demand of the workers which cannot be safeguarded within the framework of the capitalist method of production and trade in agricultural products .
Only food sovereignty and security , the safeguarding of safe , healthy , cheap food , support for poor farmers and the establishment of production cooperatives within the framework of people power and a people 's economy can meet modern grassroots requirements .
At the same time , the ECB has demonstrated once again that it is unable to put an end to the mockery being perpetrated by the merchant banks , which borrow from the ECB at a rate of 1 % and lend to the states at much higher interest rates .
The European Union has every reason to safeguard the leading role which it plays in this economic sector and to maintain a high standard of maritime transport .
The first challenge is the need to increase competition .
The second challenge we face is the need to strengthen and improve vocational training of human resources in the shipping sector , because there has been a spectacular reduction in the number of young people entering the profession and there is a lack of trained seafarers .
We do not accept what the Commission representative has said about there being no safe techniques .
There are practices and experiences from other countries with tragic results .
However , Hungary , as we already know , decided just last December to ban all cyanide-based mining work .
There should also be support from European legislation , with a full ban and the simultaneous creation of a safety network for economically vulnerable countries such as Greece .
The Commission and the position which it is maintaining are relaxed and the directive is full of holes and does not prevent the dangers to which other members referred .
We are certain that citizens will obviously react , but we too must act .
In brief , the objective is not to develop another Internet search engine ; it is to develop a website which will simultaneously be a museum , a library and a source of scientific knowledge .
Digitisation means free access for citizens to knowledge and science ; it does not , under any circumstances , mean a new sphere of action for electronic piracy and unaccountability .
Consequently , the new Digital Agenda for Europe should be supported by a series of coordinated actions and initiatives , such as more generous EU funding to safeguard better access to the Internet , even for pupils at a geographical disadvantage .
I voted against this particular motion for a resolution , because it does not reject the mass exchange of data with the US and other countries within the context of the so-called fight against terrorism .
Parliament 's objective is to lay down flexible rules for promoting transatlantic cooperation which will help to combat terrorism and create a transmission system in which Union citizens can trust .
The creation of a single model for passenger records which will be applied in PNR agreements with all interested countries and the postponement of the vote on the request for approval of agreements with the US and Australia would appear to be the best solution .
Restricting data collection , which must always be in keeping with the principle of proportionality and necessity , is of crucial importance to passenger data transmission .
The cases which have resulted from and consequences of the use of cyanide in mining , as in Romania and other countries , are well documented and extremely worrying .
Also , all Member States should undertake to ban the use of cyanide , as Hungary did recently .
As a result of this unorthodox behaviour , Greece is mourning three victims today , the death of three workers as a result of aggressive protests by other workers .
I read about the same things and about the same scorn for politics in other Member States of the European Union ; we all know about this , just as we all know that we need to maintain democracy .
This being so and with these thoughts in mind , because I have no time to expand further , what I want to stress is that the leaders of tomorrow will need to move more quickly and in the direction of a more permanent solution for more states .
Madam President , I absolutely endorse the statements made by Mr López Garrido on behalf of the Spanish Presidency and by Mrs Reding and I wish to congratulate Mr Jáuregui Atondo and Mrs Gál on their reports and on the work they