have taken them in from the outset without any problem .
As the Member who has just spoken has said , we are undergoing a universal process of globalisation .
The question should be put to the Commission of what measures the European Union is preparing for action within its own territory and what measures it is proposing on an international level .
I believe that at the next meeting of the contracting parties to the Convention which will take place in Managua , the European Union should contribute to ensuring that the Convention is signed and ratified by more countries .
So far the European institutions have reacted by trying to alleviate the short-term consequences : with emergency aid and with deliveries of food , which have gone some way to alleviating the hunger in the region .
Then , with democracy won thanks to the mediation of the European Union , there were corrupt governments ; then there were the catastrophes of Hurricane Mitch , earthquakes and now this drought , which , as has been said , means hunger , misery and death for hundreds of thousands of people .
This is a tragedy which is unfolding in a region , as has been said , which is already weakened by constant natural disasters , quite apart from political disasters , and which has a social and economic structure lacking the least resources for resisting them .
Some complaints have been made about this .
However , amongst its many and , I believe , very valuable , proposals , I would like to draw your attention to certain issues which , on this forthcoming celebration of the silver wedding of mountain farming , should receive very special , and in some cases new , attention .
Thirdly , Commissioner , I believe that compensation measures should be taken to prevent mountain regions receiving less structural aid than they receive at the moment as a result of enlargement .
While it is a grave situation that so many children are being deprived of their fundamental right to education , it is even more grave that , as a result of the violation of this right , millions of people are immersed in poverty and under-development .
It will require making the developing countries themselves responsible and encouraging them , through persuasive measures if necessary , to fulfil the commitments given in Dakar and to give absolute priority to education .
Mrs Kinnock ' s report mentions the numerous commitments made in this regard by the international community on different occasions .
Glenys Kinnock will be there and will speak out clearly , in the knowledge that we all support her and with the strength which the support deriving from our approving her proposals will give her .
We wish to express our solidarity with the families of the American victims of these horrendous attacks .
What happened yesterday reminds us that we do not need monsters : we humans are monsters when we lose our minds .
Madam President , Madam President-in-Office of the Council , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , last week we formally expressed our sympathies for all the victims of these attacks , who came from America , Europe and the whole of the world ; we expressed our solidarity with the United States and , now , with pain but also with determination , we must respond to global terrorism , to this mixture of fanaticism and advanced technology which threatens our civilisation and our open , democratic and multicultural society .
We must also work firmly and with perseverance , acting within the framework of a multidimensional policy which relates to what we are doing in the United Nations .
For example , they could speed up the implementation of the conclusions of the Tampere Summit and the application of the Treaty of Amsterdam , they could speed up the ratification of the international conventions against terrorism - and this also falls within the competence of the Member States - and in particular the convention for the suppression of terrorist funding .
The President of my Group has presented certain budgetary initiatives aimed at strengthening the role of Europol .
On 5 September , Mr President , this Parliament took the lead in asking the other institutions to adopt a firm attitude towards these issues .
We will be offering the best image , the best option for work in this supranational field against organised crime , as the United Nations recently requested in Palermo .
When President Bush declared war - and in fact this is a case of the rich versus the poor , which is the underlying struggle here - he said the war must be won with the tools of action .
Because we owe a debt to all of them .
It has a common objective and method .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , Commissioner , I would firstly like to say that I am in favour of the two reports , which provide us with a good analysis of the application of both the Cohesion Fund and the Structural Funds in 1999 .
Let us hope that in 2001 , thanks to the action of the Commissioner and his team , the restrictions and shortcomings pointed out may be eliminated .
How can it be achieved and with what instruments ?
Mr President , Mr Barnier asked this Parliament certain questions in this report .
When we asked the Council these same questions , it indicated that this was not the appropriate time to answer them , but Parliament has the right to ask the Commission and the Council these questions so that we might know their opinion , before producing our report .
Perhaps there has been a misunderstanding .
The financial contribution is lower than that contained in the proposal of the Commission and the European Parliament