at obtaining any future , objective information on the relocation phenomenon .
The European institutions are starting to take notice of the economic and social consequences of their political choices : many of our businesses have been forced to relocate their operations because the destruction of borders has put them in competition with producers with very low labour costs .
Merthiolate , which contains mercury , is used as a preservative in some medicines , including in vaccines .
I wholeheartedly support the need to invest in research and innovation in these technologies , which are important catalysts of competitiveness , growth and employment .     Mr President , Commissioner , you have supplied us with the figures : today , footwear production in Europe has decreased by around 30 % , import prices have fallen by more than 20 % and , above all , the sector has lost nearly 40 000 jobs .
I am worried , however , about the gradual entry into force of these antidumping laws over a five-month period , a precedent that I feel is inappropriate and legally questionable and will not be without pernicious effects .
If we do not do so , then all of our labour-intensive industries will follow in the footsteps of the footwear industry .     .
Once the principles of this instrument are laid down , how are they implemented ?
This difficulty must be interpreted as a failure to understand the principle of mutual recognition , and yet this principle is precisely the foundation on which the European judicial area is entirely constructed .
As early as January of this year , the Commission presented a version of its first report updated to include Italy .
This also illustrates the Member States’ lack of political will and the limits imposed by the method of decision making in this area .
So let us increase the number of satisfied citizens , because if they are better informed , they are in a better position to spread the European idea among our nations .
I very often find myself receiving delegations in the Parliament building’s corridors .     Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I should like to begin by paying tribute to the work of both the rapporteur , Mrs Gräßle , and the draftsman , Mr Pahor , and by congratulating them on the quality of their report .
I think that this matter is of concern to the European Union on several counts , firstly because a Member State , namely the United Kingdom , had concluded an agreement with the United States and the Palestinian Authority under which it would be these two Western countries that oversaw the prison concerned .
The current pantomime of half-naked , blindfolded prisoners with their hands tied together owes nothing to chance in a country that , as we know , is in torment .
We agreed to work together within a partnership .
Ladies and gentlemen , the fact is , however , that , in terms of the Member States’ taking this new strategy for growth and employment to heart , there is still work to be done .
Let us be clear .
Only a European response , based on sustainability , competitiveness and security , can deal with the magnitude of these challenges .
The Green Paper invites everybody to contribute to this important debate .
However , our systems are fragmented .
One of these faces of the Lisbon Strategy for the ten-year period 2000–2010 is pleasing and calls to mind the conclusions of the 2005 spring European Council with their talk of the need for , and I quote , ‘investing in human capital [which is ] Europe’s most important asset’ .
That is the threat hovering over the Lisbon Strategy .
The demographic development faced by Europe constitutes more than just a challenge for the funding of social security .
On the subject of the Services Directive , Parliament rejected the country of origin principle ( or COP) .
In the same way , we are struggling to complete the trans-European networks , and renewable energy sources and biotechnologies are still the poor relations where our investment and research efforts are concerned .
In conclusion , Mr Winkler and Mr Barroso , I should like to say that the European Council will be judged on two counts : on the one hand , the lessons it will draw from Parliament’s vote on the ‘Services ’ Directive – there must , emphatically , be no return to Bolkestein – and , on the other hand , freedom of movement for workers from the new Member States within the European Union .
Is that possible ?
A fund designed to support workers affected by restructuring is going to be set up .
The European Union must rise to this global challenge , which consists of giving human beings access to this precious natural resource that is water .
The European Union should adapt its responses , enhance the role of both sides of industry and put in place tools designed more successfully to anticipate restructuring .
The job market would gain from this being done .     The Lisbon ‘strategy’ , which is supposed to offer us a brilliant future , will be a bitter failure , and a few extra funds by way of support are not going to save the casualties of an industrial sector that , in my region of the Nord-Pas-de-Calais , has seen its jobs destroyed for nothing .
We must clearly take account of socio-economic imperatives and not penalise the fishing sector , which is already subject to excessive constraints .
Are our Member States and their people ready to receive other Member States into the Union and , if so , when and how ?
Freedom of expression is a universal right , which is both crucial and essential to the development of any democracy .
