problem is everything that is not included .
The main problem is that the Commission and the Council do not supply Parliament with documents from the phase during which legislation is prepared , and that is , of course , the phase in which people have an interest in participating so as to influence the content of the legislation .
Our rapporteurs and committee chairmen can often get hold of the relevant papers .
Nor does the report make any change to the disgraceful framework agreement which the majority of Parliament has entered into with the Commission and which divides MEPs into first and second class Members according to whether or not they have access to confidential information .
It is all right to impose tough sanctions on MEPs who breach confidentiality , but it is contrary to the principle of equality , and thus unlawful , to regard committee chairmen as especially eligible , while a rapporteur with the same need does not have access in the same way .
This , too , is something which Mrs Maij-Weggen' s otherwise quite excellent report does nothing about .
This situation will scarcely be changed when the regulation regarding public access to documents comes into force .
Partly in conjunction with Mr Kindermann , we have prepared quite a few amendments , and this has , in my view , turned out to be an excellent report .
I should also like to thank the Commission which , without hiding anything , has clearly described how the Member States have implemented or , more to the point , failed at all to implement , the many decisions taken in 1991 and 1995 .
It is really frightening to see how European ministers sit and take joint decisions about something as important as animal welfare and the transport of animals under satisfactory conditions .
We could have well done without the huge number of hideous television pictures we have seen of animals suffering in a wide range of appalling situations .
That situation is simply unacceptable , and it must be brought to an end now .
There is no good reason for doing this .
Obviously , we are also obliged to transport animals for breeding purposes from areas which excel in producing such animals to areas which have a need for new animals of this kind .
There are an incredible number of problems which crop up again and again , year after year .
Lamentable control systems in the Member States , lost income from VAT , bureaucratic and complicated export refund arrangements , farmers who overstate how much land they have , misappropriation of structural funds , fraud involving research funds in the form of over-payment , and long-winded and bureaucratic procedures concerning the EU' s external aid .
It is the same old story every single year .
It cannot be said often enough .
There is a very tough approach this year to the management of the structural funds .
Denmark is also mentioned a couple of times in the annual report , and that is a couple of times too many .
The Danish practice of collecting users ' fees for the issue of export refunds has also been found to be illegal .
I am also pleased that we are working on the problems caused through the pile of work involving guarantee payments in Denmark , which are a disaster .
I would also say to Mr Karlsson that I should never in my life have believed that a Dane would end up missing a Swede .
That is , however , the case and , since I , myself , am also leaving Parliament after this parliamentary term , we must set up a club for former Scandinavian MEPs in which we can rhapsodise about the old days .
I think that the children ' s book , 'Karlsson-on-the-Roof' was written with you in mind .
We have , then , all voted in favour of 'the lesser evil ' whereby a small advance towards more openness is better than nothing .
The main problem is that the Commission and the Council do not supply Parliament with documents from the phase during which legislation is prepared .
A second problem is the division of MEPs into first and second class Members according to whether or not they have access to confidential information .
We agree that the EU and Europol should combat international crime and are therefore satisfied with the report as a whole .
We are nonetheless alert to the fact that certain amendments call upon legal cooperation and police cooperation to fall within the Community ' s competence and that this is incompatible with Denmark ' s reservation , cf . the protocol concerning Denmark ' s position .
We do not support these amendments .
Mr President , Mr Jarzembowski has undertaken a very difficult task , but he has carried out a major , carefully considered piece of work affecting crucial areas .
It is therefore essential from an environmental point of view to have some of the goods at present conveyed by land transported instead by sea .
Perhaps outlying districts , in particular , can ask to be accorded special consideration .
I hope that , in the light of the many views presented in this House , we shall now be able to agree upon a proposal so that together we are able to support the Commission ' s overall goal for the benefit of the whole of the EU.
Mr President , first of all , I should like to welcome the White Paper .
I think it is a serious problem for the EU' s environmental and public health policies that a combined strategy for chemicals policy was not implemented many years ago .
Now , however , it has arrived as something I very much welcome