We believe that all countries have the right to serve in the Security Council , by means of periodic elections guaranteeing that the many regional experiences are represented .
Having been powerless and crippled for many years by the rivalry between the superpowers , the United Nations has once again to find new energy and new life .     .
I believe that the dispatch of official international observers on the ground should also be called for , with the aim of preventing or , at least , impeding continued acts of repression , opposition arrests , attacks against journalists and terrorist violence of the State against the civilian population .
It seems to be a summary of what already exists , whilst what we need are significant innovations .
Such a specific character means that , although the objectives of the Community’s management of fisheries must be the same throughout the EU , the means for achieving them must be adapted to the specific features of fishing in the Mediterranean .
Finally , Mr President , I would also like to draw attention to the centrality of research , inasmuch as the basis of any good policy consists of the quality and depth of knowledge of the factors in play .
That is the reason for the long-standing debate – in committee and with you , Commissioner – on various minimum sizes , which we would have liked to fix more decisively : sardines and cod caught in the northern seas do not have the same rate of biological growth as the fish fauna of the Mediterranean .
Important matters remain on the table , however , which , in our opinion , are at odds with the interests of fishing in the Mediterranean .
A further example : we believe that , given the importance of the whitebait sector , that species can be put on sale on condition that it is caught with statutory gear .
The European fisheries market is ranked third in the world after China and Peru .
I wished to inform you and the House that this request for waiver , of which you have notified us , must be reconciled with the fact that Parliament already turned down the request for waiver of immunity almost unanimously on 10 February 2004 , hence a year and a half ago now .
It is the usual story of the US sheriff controlling oil resources around the world .
Luxembourg and its Prime Minister have steered the Union well during these turbulent months but that has not helped to restore confidence among the French and Dutch electorate , or to revive the European economic machine , or to put positive initiatives in the pipeline , of the sort that people dream about .
The only plan in sight for now is clearly the Blair plan .
We have to reject the letter of the Six , finally begin to see that the debate on the size of the budget has to be based on the political priorities , and not the other way round , and reopen the debate on everything : the CAP , Life-Nature and the Structural Funds .
We would also like it if the other leaders of the Community institutions demonstrated the same courage and leadership in future .
This crisis will not be short-lived .
In a few days ’ time , it will be the 200th anniversary of the birth of Giuseppe Mazzini , a prophet of a Europe of the peoples , and the founder of the ‘Young Europe ’ movementWhat is emerging from the discussions of the European Council is more reminiscent of the Congress of Vienna than of that great patriot’s vision of solidarity .
A lot has , however , been expropriated : monetary sovereignty has been expropriated , and , as a result of that , we want to give the decision on the euro back to the people , because the people very often say : enough of the euro .
A fresh challenge , a large-scale commitment , an ambitious course of action , rightly begun by the Luxembourg Presidency , which will be continued by Mr Blair .     Madam President , Mr Schmit , ladies and gentlemen , the Luxembourg Presidency will be remembered for having coincided with external events , which , although forcing the European project to undergo a genuine crisis , will enable the European Union to redefine its mission and to endow it with intelligence , institutions , organisation and resources .
Above all , however , the Luxembourg Presidency has taught us that the Union , in anticipation of more appropriate constitutional procedures , such as those laid down by the Constitutional Treaty , has to utilise every political resource in order to keep the process in balance , whilst allowing itself time to refocus on the fundamental objectives and methods of its own work .
Is it possible , therefore , not to take account of the opinion of 426 – that was how many of us voted – democratically elected Members ?
It is for that reason that the Council and the Member States , who do not want the European Parliament to be strengthened , oppose the Statute .
Once again , we Members have been ready to pay a price in order to have the Statute and I have to say that that is also true for the Italian Members , considered to be ill-disposed to the salary , who have made a contribution , since it gives them a drastic cut in their allowances .
So , although we have accepted all of the Council’s requests , the Luxembourg Presidency has still expressed some doubts , and opposes a recital – number 12 – that I proposed and that the Committee approved , a recital enabling the Member States to lay down supplementary measures in order to make the status of the Members