Mr President , I wish to thank my colleague , Mr van Velzen , for his commendable work and his energy in the negotiations he had with representatives of the Council when drafting the compromise amendments .
I support the compromise proposals reached by the rapporteur in conjunction with the Council , because that way we would be spared the laborious and always risky Conciliation Committee debate .
Harmonisation is needed in this area too .
Not all documents are printed exclusively on paper anymore .
Many public documents consist par excellence of that intelligent and meaningful content which is so much spoken about , especially in connection with wireless services .
The various forms have to be available on the Internet .
I , at least , can no longer get enthusiastic about ordering merely amusing images for my cell phone .
Agencies and institutions paid for out of taxes are obliged to do the job they were originally set up to do , which is to provide a service for those who own and finance them , the taxpayers .
These are typical chargeable services , for which the public sector also has to be able to demand payment .
In such a case it is only reasonable that the official body undertaking the specialist work should charge for services rendered in accordance with normal market economy legislation .
The upkeep of specialist organisation know-how , development work and developing new technology must be made possible out of revenue either on taxes or these chargeable services - customised tasks .
A final word : this is an area which will take us on towards the implementation of the Lisbon strategy .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , Mr van Velzen has again worked skilfully .
There are many kinds of information , and public information is one .
This is an important area .
It is estimated that public sector information is worth in the region of EUR 70 billion a year and the content industry employs about four million people in the European Union .
This market is worth more than EUR 400 billion .
The fact that we are saturated with information separates us from the less well-off .
Would the chance of a little charity not help ?
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , it has been wonderful to start the day listening to people here actually trying to outdo one another with regard to the heartfelt praise that has been lavished on my fellow countryman , Jacob Söderman .
As a fairly new member of the Committee on Petitions , it has been especially interesting for me to become acquainted with its work , which includes familiarising myself with its annual report .
How , though , will it benefit us or the environment if Member States apply European legislation only when it does not clash with other interests ?
It is , of course , primarily the task of the Commission to monitor compliance with EU legislation on behalf of the EU , but then again it does not always seem over-anxious to interfere in the affairs of the Member States .
Vuosaari is an example of a case in which the Commission has been unable , for one reason or another , to intervene .
When you read Laura González Álvarez 's report , you can , however , say that the Committee on Petitions has proved to be an excellent route to open democracy and real concrete results .
Mr President , the clear and balanced report drawn up by my colleague , Karl von Wogau , deserves my warmest thanks .
A review and standardisation of EU practices must be undertaken without delay , and we must ensure there is compliance with the EU Code of Conduct in the countries that are to be the EU 's new neighbours and in countries with which the EU has concluded a stabilisation and association agreement .
The development and harmonisation of legislation as well as a register of transactions and an authorisation system regarding the export of arms are both essential , and the idea also presented in the report with regard to establishing a European arms export control agency should be seriously considered as a logical next step towards a joint European armaments and procurement policy and the establishment of a common market in armaments .
The control of armaments brokering in Finland aims to thwart the circumvention of bans on arms exports imposed by the European Union , the UN Security Council and the Organisation for Security and Cooperation in Europe , as well as the EU Code of Conduct on Arms Exports and other international agreements and undertakings concerning the control of exports .
The aim too is to prevent the illegal manufacture of , and trade in , arms .
European innovations and different components cannot be left out of the market in any possible competitive situation because of trade and other barriers .
We do not necessarily need European hero-movie astronauts for this in Europe .
The European Union’s goal is a knowledge-based economy .
That cannot work in any harmonious way without the space factor being involved .
So many of the problems we have today can be partially solved if we have viable and effective technology in space .     – Mr President , the EU – Russia Summit is to be held next week and in Chechnya there have just been elections , which , with the best will in the world , cannot be regarded as quite the sort of presidential elections we in the West are accustomed to .
The situation regarding the war in Chechnya has not changed , and it demands a debate .
I understand that last week the Committee of Permanent Representatives referred Parliament’s proposal for a new Statute back to Parliament for further debate .
Forests are an important natural resource ,